Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H3005 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 2, 2017 No. 75 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, May 2, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable C
HARLES J. F
LEISCHMANN to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
U.S. NEEDS A NEW POLICY ON TIBET The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, in 2002, Congress passed the Tibetan Pol-icy Act to support the aspirations of the Tibetan people to safeguard their distinct identity. The law laid out steps to protect the distinct religious, cultural, and linguistic identity of Tibet and to press for improved respect for the human rights of the Tibetan people—a dialogue between His Holi-ness the Dalai Lama and the Chinese Government, the immediate and un-conditional release of Tibetan pris-oners of conscience, establishing a U.S. consular office in Lhasa, and request-ing that the 11th Panchen Lama be al-lowed to pursue his religious studies without Chinese Government inter-ference. Mr. Speaker, these were basic, com-monsense steps, yet 15 years later there is little progress. The Chinese- Tibet dialogue has been suspended since 2010. There are hundreds of Tibetan pris-oners of conscience. Many are monks. Some like Tenzin Delek Rinpoche have died in custody. There is still no U.S. consular office in Lhasa, a major problem for U.S. offi-cials trying to respond to emergencies like the 2015 earthquake that trapped dozens of our citizens in the Tibetan Autonomous Region. And the Chinese Government, officially atheist, has de-clared that it will decide who will be reincarnated as the next Dalai Lama. Mr. Speaker, I want to express my concern for the well-being of the miss-ing 11th Panchen Lama, the second highest leader in the Tibetan religion. Twenty-two years ago, Gedhun Choekyi Nyima was detained by Chi-nese authorities when he was just 6 years old and just 3 days after the Dalai Lama declared him to be the re-incarnated Panchen Lama. Today, he is one of the world’s longest serving polit-ical prisoners. China has refused to provide any details of his whereabouts. Let me be clear. The Chinese Govern-ment does not have the right or the au-thority to name the reincarnated reli-gious leaders of Tibet, not the Panchen Lama and not the next Dalai Lama. Mr. Speaker, I constantly receive re-ports from Tibet of human rights abuses and affronts to basic human dig-nity, like the demolition of buildings and forced eviction of religious people from the famous Buddhist Institute of Larung Gar or the restrictions that keep Tibetans from traveling around their own country, much less abroad. We need to rethink U.S. policy to-ward Tibet. For years, China has faced no consequences for its failure to re-spect the fundamental rights of the Ti-betan people. This must change. Along with a bipartisan group of Members of Congress, I have intro-duced H.R. 1872, the Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act. This bill imposes con-sequences for just one aspect of China’s bad behavior: its restrictions on travel to areas in China where ethnic Tibet-ans live. U.S. diplomats, journalists, and tour-ists have to get a special permit to enter the Tibet Autonomous Region, and travel to other Tibetan areas is also tightly controlled. But under H.R. 1872, no senior leader responsible for designing or implementing travel re-strictions to Tibetan areas would be el-igible to enter the United States. The rationale for the bill is simple. The basis of diplomatic law is mutual access and reciprocity. But while the Chinese enjoy broad access to the United States, the same is not true for U.S. diplomats, journalists, or tourists going to Tibet, including Tibetan Americans trying to visit their place of origin. This is simply unacceptable. If China wants its citizens and officials to travel freely in the U.S., Americans must be able to travel freely in China, including Tibet. Allowing travel to Tibet is only one step China needs to take. It must also remove the obstacles to freedom of movement for Tibetans within China and abroad. China can’t have it both ways. Either Tibetans are Chinese citi-zens or they are not. If they are, they must enjoy the same rights and privi-leges as other Chinese citizens. China also must permit His Holiness the Dalai Lama to return to Tibet for a visit if he so desires. He is a man of peace who will soon turn 82 years old. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.000 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3006 May 2, 2017 
He should be able to visit his home-land. China also should demonstrate true respect for the human rights and reli-gious freedom of the Tibetan people. A first step would be to permit an inde-pendent international investigation into the July 2015 death, in custody, of revered lama Tenzin Delek Rinpoche. On our side, the new Trump adminis-tration needs to appoint the Special Coordinator for Tibetan Issues as quickly as possible. To make progress, we need someone in charge. They must insist that China restart the dialogue to lead a negotiated agreement in Tibet. They should develop a list of Chinese officials subject to sanction under the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Ac-countability Act. No one responsible for torture and extrajudicial killings or for significant corruption should ben-efit from coming to our country and doing business here. They should publicly engage the Dalai Lama and the democratically elected leader of the Tibetan people. The State Department should take every opportunity to benefit from the Dalai Lama’s knowledge and decades of reflections. The Secretary of State should high-light the democratic practices of the Tibetan people and meet personally with the Sikyong, Dr. Lobsang Sangay, and the administration should also en-gage other governments to create a group of friends of Tibet. It is time to pursue a coordinated international ac-tion in support of the Tibetan people. Mr. Speaker, time may be running out for the Tibetan people. All those who say they believe in the rights of Tibetans must move beyond words to concrete actions. I urge my colleagues to cosponsor H.R. 1872, the Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act, and to support additional measures to protect all that is unique about Tibet and its people. 
f 
SUPPORTING TIBET The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about something that I hold near and dear to my heart: the plight of the people of Tibet and of His Holiness the Dalai Lama. The forced exile of His Holiness is a source of profound sorrow for the peo-ple of Tibet. For over 60 years, the Communist regime in Beijing has re-fused to allow this kind, compassionate man to come home, while systemati-cally persecuting the Tibetan people, denying them even the most basic human rights and freedom, and imple-menting policies designed to wipe out the culture of Tibet. In 2007, I authored legislation that paved the way for Congress to award the Congressional Medal of Honor to the Dalai Lama. A decade later, I am concerned that issues in Tibet are being pushed to the sidelines, a mis-take that could have profound con-sequences not only for Tibet, but for the entire Asian Continent. Known as the ‘‘Roof of the World,’’ the Tibetan plateau is the source of many of Asia’s major rivers, making the Chinese regime’s threat to Tibet’s stability a strategically important se-curity issue for the entire region. Last month, I was proud to join Con-gressman MCGOVERN in sending a let-ter in support of the appointment of a Special Coordinator for Tibetan Issues at the State Department. I am also proud to cosponsor Mr. M
CGOVERN ’s bill, the Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act, which is designed to help stop Chi-na’s destabilizing behavior in Tibet by revoking the visa of any Chinese offi-cial found to be responsible for re-stricting the access of U.S. citizens to Tibet. Last week, I had the pleasure of meeting with Richard Gere, an activist who helps to bring more attention and awareness to this very important mat-ter. As His Holiness has said: ‘‘In the practice of tolerance, one’s enemy is the best teacher.’’ It is essential, Mr. Speaker, that we in Congress advocate on behalf of the people of Tibet and join forces to com-bat the Chinese regime’s increasing ag-gression. 
ISRAEL ’S 69TH INDEPENDENCE DAY  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, today marks the democratic Jewish State of Israel’s 69th Independence Day. For the Jewish people to have not only survived the Holocaust and the Nazi effort to eradicate them from the planet and then to establish a state of their own in their historical and bib-lical homeland is nothing short of a miracle. And in just seven decades, not only has Israel arisen, it has thrived, becoming one of the world’s great de-mocracies and the epicenter of high tech all over the world. I am frequently asked: Why Israel? Why do I so strongly support Israel and the U.S.-Israel alliance? It is because, in Israel, I see a nation and a people who share the same ideals and the same values that we in America have: two societies committed to freedom, committed to democracy, and that un-derstand the need to protect those ideals. Simply put, Mr. Speaker, de-fending Israel’s right to exist is defend-ing the values that we cherish so great-ly and our way of life that we hold dear. So to Prime Minister Netanyahu and to the people of Israel, I wish you all the very best on all that you have ac-complished and achieved, and may the Jewish state be blessed with peace and security for many years to come. I also want to extend a heartfelt thank-you to the Falic family—Simon, Jana, and Tila Falic—for their kind in-vitation to celebrate this momentous occasion in south Florida. I know how deeply the Falics care for the U.S.- Israel alliance and just how much they have done for that partnership as well as for south Florida’s Jewish commu-nity, so I am sure that those events were great. Thank you to the Falic family. I wish all who celebrated this morn-ing at the Hebrew Academy in Miami Beach, located in my congressional dis-trict, a very happy new year. I know that last night’s ceremony to com-memorate Israel’s Memorial Day meant so much to the community. How special is it, Mr. Speaker, that Israel commemorates their fallen the night before they celebrate what their fallen helped to establish and to protect? I hope that all of my colleagues will join me in sending our friends in Israel warm wishes today. Mazel tov. f 
CONGRESS’ COMMITMENT TO GOVERN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday evening I began my remarks by saying, ‘‘Say it is not so’’; and I rise again this morning, as we begin our journey on ensuring that the govern-ment does not shut down and again re-butting TrumpCare that is so dev-astating, to say, ‘‘Say it is not so.’’ This morning we rose to headlines of the President of the United States say-ing that the government needs a shut-down in September. I am glad Demo-crats recognize that we do not rep-resent just Democrats. We represent the entire Nation, and we owe them a commitment to govern, and that is what we will do. We now will face another attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare. I am glad that Democrats have come together around common sense and the responsibility of serving not only the healthy, but the sick. Last evening, in a very emotional testimony, one of our late-night hosts who entertains America every night, gave an emotional statement about his infant son who was receiving heart sur-gery. In his tears, his excitement for the success, but also his pain that peo-ple who did not have money, as we de-bate this frivolous healthcare bill, will be subject to the dangers and the dev-astation and the potential death of a child they love. Say it is not so. And I remember when we started the Affordable Care Act, as a member of the Judiciary Committee—all commit-tees were involved in this process. I re-member us holding Democratic hear-ings to listen to families who were suf-fering and were the brunt of not having health insurance: The father who had a medical stu-dent son who was interning in Atlanta who had to drive with great fury to pick him up to be able to take him back to Washington, D.C., when he had an immediate attack of an appendix, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.002 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3007 May 2, 2017 
laying him on his back seat because the insurance that the young man had only covered him in the city of Wash-ington, D.C., where he was going to medical school. Or I remember the mother whose son was a drug abuser—but a lawyer, got himself back on track but suffered from hepatitis—whose son died in the emergency room because he did not have the medical coverage as he was getting his life back to help stabilize him, died in that medical condition and in that emergency room. Those are just a few stories of those who died because they did not have health insurance pre the Affordable Care Act. b1015 Now, today we come with a bill that is going to eviscerate the sick people with preexisting diseases—it is not like the Affordable Care Act—and literally throw them under the bus. Because what they are doing is taking away es-sential services and saying that there is no room at the inn for those with preexisting conditions, such as diabe-tes, asthma, allergic conditions, heart disease, cancer, leukemia, or a baby that is born with a heart defect. It is tragic that the bill they are put-ting on the floor is taking away essen-tial services, like mental health, sub-stance abuse, hospitalization, mater-nity; and they are throwing them to the States. If your State will do it, so what. I live in a State—as we all do, we love our State—they are facing fiscal crisis. Do you think they are going to take the sickest? No, they are not. Twenty-four million people will still lose their insurance. Hardworking fam-ilies will have no health insurance. Those with preexisting conditions, under the Trump plan, still remain in the darkness of corners, not helped, and ready to die. What family wants to subject their loved one to a place where they have no hope? Then, of course, there is the horrific age tax. The premiums for those be-tween age 50 and 64, hardworking Americans, just because they have reached a certain age, their premiums will shoot through the roof. These are people who have made and built this country with their hands and their minds, our mothers and fathers, and even ourselves. How tragic it is to be able to have these kinds of conditions. Then, of course, it will shorten the life of the Medicare trust and literally im-plode that. This is governing? I don’t think so. I don’t think so. And I, for one, am not going to stand for it because it is important that our people understand that we govern as Demo-crats. As we put this bill on the floor to keep from closing this government, let me just say to you quickly that we have upped the NIH—the National In-stitutes of Health—with $2 billion. We have preserved the yearlong Pell, and we have funded housing so people don’t have to be thrown out of housing. Mr. Speaker, Democrats know how to govern and save this country. I don’t know what this person is doing at all. 
f 
CONGRATULATING PENN STATE ON CHILD MALTREATMENT STUDIES CENTER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, roughly 2 million chil-dren experience maltreatment each year in the United States. Children who experience maltreatment face the possibility of a lifetime struggle with mental, emotional, behavioral, and physical health difficulties. Thankfully, the National Institutes of Health recognizes the need for crit-ical research on the topic and solicited a competitive process to fund an aca-demic institution to study this for the first time ever. Proudly, it chose Penn State Univer-sity. Penn State was selected based on scientific merit to establish the Center for Healthy Children. It will receive a grant of $7.7 million over 5 years, and Penn State has committed $3.4 million in funding, bringing the total to more than $11 million. Mr. Speaker, this is the first national center for child maltreatment studies. The award announcement came in April during National Child Abuse Pre-vention Month. The research generated will impact lives nationwide and throughout the world. Penn State president, Eric Barron, noted that they recruited the best and the brightest researchers to work on this issue. The faculty will conduct cutting-edge research focused on the detection, treatment, and prevention of child abuse, and for training the next generation of scientists and child advo-cates. Leading the research project is Jen-nie Noll, professor of human develop-ment and family studies at Penn State College of Health and Human Develop-ment and director of the Child Mal-treatment Solutions Network. A team of distinguished researchers will work with Noll on the project. Noll said: ‘‘It is an incredible honor to be se-lected by the NIH as an organization that has the capacity to make a tan-gible impact on the lives of children. I’m inspired to be working with this in-credibly talented group of world-re-nowned researchers as we forge this vital path ahead.’’ Mr. Speaker, more than 1,500 U.S. children die annually from child abuse. That number is similar to the mor-tality rate from all forms of pediatric cancer combined. Roughly 40 percent of child maltreatment deaths result from abusive head trauma. That is heart-breaking, and it is wrong. So I congratulate Penn State Univer-sity for leading the effort nationally to fully research this critical issue. To-gether, we can help all children see a better future. f 
THANKING JONI L. IVEY FOR HER SERVICE TO THE CITIZENS OF VIRGINIA’S THIRD CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) for 5 minutes. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to a remark-able woman who has dedicated the last 40 years of her life to serving the citi-zens of the Commonwealth of Vir-ginia—my friend, closest adviser, and chief of staff, Joni Ivey. Joni was born and raised in Newport News, Virginia. She grew up in Newsome Park and was one of seven children of Willie and Carnetta Ivey. She graduated from Carver High School in 1971, the last graduating class of the segregated high school that was closed when local schools were ra-cially integrated. Joni went on to at-tend Christopher Newport University and graduated from Norfolk State Uni-versity. I first met Joni in 1976, when she was working on Reverend Henry Maxwell’s unsuccessful campaign for the Newport News City Council. I was impressed with her work ethic, her dedication to her community, and her political acu-men. I was so impressed that I asked her to serve on my first campaign for the House of Delegates in 1977. That started a 40-year friendship and work-ing relationship that took us to the House of Delegates after that election to the Virginia Senate in 1983, and ulti-mately to the United States Congress in 1993. Joni has served alongside me every step of the way and has been a selfless, behind-the-scenes public servant for the citizens of Virginia. Serving the public and helping those most in need has always driven her. Her passion in this regard has helped ground me and our staff to focus on what we can do every day we are fortunate enough to be in a position to make better the lives of those we serve. Joni’s commitment to this ideal is not just at work. Joni spends nearly every waking moment of her free time outside of the office helping others, ei-ther through her involvement in her church, Ivy Baptist Church in Newport News, or work with the local NAACP where she once served as branch presi-dent, by tutoring young people in New-port News, working with the local food bank, or through her service in The Links, Incorporated. Joni has always given back to her community. Even with all that she does in her community, she always has time for her family. She is a proud aunt to her nieces and nephews, a dedicated daugh-ter to her mother, and a caring sister to her siblings. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.004 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3008 May 2, 2017 
Over the last 40 years, she has also mentored hundreds of members of our staff and helped guide them in their ca-reers. Thanks in part to her leadership with my office, a vast majority of our current and former permanent staff members got their start in our office as interns or fellows and grew into tal-ented and instrumental staffers. Joni showed them how they could make a real difference working in government. Her dedication to our staff has helped make me a more effective legislator, and I am forever grateful for that. Mr. Speaker, Joni LaVerne Ivey re-tires from her service to the United States House of Representatives and to my office this week. This will be a hard-earned and well-deserved retire-ment, and I know that she will remain as active in Newport News and around Hampton Roads as she is now, but per-haps a little less restrained now that she no longer has to worry about me or our office. I know Joni has never sought public recognition for her hard work, but on behalf of our entire current and former staff and the citizens of the Third Con-gressional District of Virginia, I thank her for her dedicated and selfless serv-ice to our community, our Common-wealth, and our Nation. 
f 
STRENGTHENING THE PEACE CORPS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, at the young age of 23, Nick Castle knew he had a higher calling. So directly fol-lowing his graduation, he headed over-seas to China to teach English, volun-teering in the Peace Corps. Sadly, Nick became seriously ill after becoming an ambassador abroad. He was the victim of an inefficient, underequipped, and unresponsive Peace Corps-led medical team in China. After he reported that he was ill, he was prescribed a broad antibiotic. Nick quickly began to experience drastic weight loss, but he was reassured he was okay. As the weeks progressed, he was confined to his bed, too ill to even stand up. But his doctor never rec-ommended that he go to the hospital. After experiencing dangerously low blood pressure, Nick was finally sent to a hospital. As the ambulance made its way to him, it got lost on the winding roads in the remote area of China. Be-fore the ambulance could get Nick to the hospital, he stopped breathing. Nick died a few weeks later in early 2013. A 2014 Peace Corps Inspector General report found that Nick was the victim of medical negligence. ‘‘Failures and delays in treatment’’ were exposed, ul-timately leading to Nick’s death. In-vestigations revealed that the Peace Corps medical team misdiagnosed his illness. This heartbreaking death of a young man serving our country and the world could have been avoided had the Peace Corps staff been properly trained, equipped, and had a responsive team. Unfortunately, Nick’s case is rep-resentative of a broader problem: Peace Corps volunteers struggle to ac-cess quality medical treatment when they are abroad in remote areas of the world. And when they return to Amer-ica, then they face a red-taped, bureau-cratic nightmare. They are covered by the Peace Corps for 3 months while they wait on the De-partment of Labor to determine that their illnesses or injuries are service- related. But the Department often takes much longer than 3 months to make that determination, forcing those Peace Corps volunteers to pay out of pocket for costly medical ex-penses. When attempting to get med-ical coverage through the Department of Labor, many are faced with costly personal expenses. So, Mr. Speaker, Congressman KEN-
NEDY and I have sponsored H.R. 2259, the Sam Farr Peace Corps Enhance-ment Act. Sam Farr was a Peace Corps volunteer and a Member of Congress. This act seeks to improve and strengthen the health, safety, and well- being of current and returning Peace Corps volunteers. It requires that Peace Corps volunteers have access to a qualified Peace Corps medical officer and medical facilities while they are at posts overseas. And when those volun-teers return home, it extends their Peace Corps coverage for up to 6 months while they wait on the Depart-ment of Labor to determine coverage. It enhances access to health care for returning Peace Corps volunteers as well, and it expands and improves pro-visions of the Kate Puzey Peace Corps Volunteer Protection Act, enhancing the ability to assist and protect volun-teers that have experienced sexual as-sault, among other issues, while in lands across the seas. Mr. Speaker, Peace Corps volunteers are America’s angels abroad. They are some of the best that we have. They are the spirit of humanitarian assist-ance. They work in remote areas of the world helping others—areas of the world that many Americans can’t find on a map. So America must make sure to take care of these amazing people when they serve in lands far away so that there are no more deaths like Nick Castle’s. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PENN MEDICINE’S MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the incredible actions of a group of individuals in my community. On April 3, 2017, an amazing physi-cian and amazing mother, Amy Reed, experienced what should have been a catastrophic cardiac arrest at Penn Medicine’s community radiology cen-ter in Yardley, Pennsylvania. Yet, be-cause of the amazing efforts of a series of professionals, Amy survived this event. I would like to recognize the fol-lowing individuals: The advanced life support paramedics from the Yardley-Newtown area, Mr. Mark Horner and Mr. Chris Adams; St. Mary Medical Center’s cardiac surgeon, Dr. Veluz, and the entire car-diac surgery, anesthesia, and perfusion team at the St. Mary Medical Center in Langhorne, Pennsylvania; The PennSTAR trauma critical care air rescue helicopter crew, Ms. Shiloh Kramer, Mr. John Goddard, and Mr. George Huey; Cardiac critical care nurses, Ms. Coleen Nicolosi, Ms. Darian Parkinson, and Ms. Laura Glorioso-Moyer, who took intensive care of Dr. Reed in her initial resuscitation. Thereafter, a corps of highly special-ized surgical critical care nurses played an intensive role in her ongoing recovery. Mr. David Alfano, Ms. Carrie Brewster, Ms. Rachael Coyle, Ms. Cath-erine DeLaurentis, Mr. Michael Duca, Ms. Christina Felix, Ms. Cortney John-son, Ms. Anita McAlee, Ms. Erin McCormick, Mr. Sebastian Romagnano, Ms. Lina Sivadasan, Ms. Christine Steffon, Ms. Joann Vernon, Ms. Gina Vizzarri, Ms. Meghan Welsh, and Ms. Danielle Wright all are to be commended for their professionalism and extreme skill in recovering Dr. Reed and giving her a second chance at life. After 5 days in a coma, Amy has emerged and is neurologically intact. The actions of these professionals led to Amy’s life being saved. Their con-duct can only be characterized as he-roic. Amy is loved by family and many friends in Bucks County, and by many thousands more across the United States for her role as a champion and a spokeswoman for women’s health and patient safety. And because of the ef-forts of the medical professionals who saved her life, I have the opportunity to continue working with Amy to ad-vance her crucial mission. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 31 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.006 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3009 May 2, 2017 
PRAYER Reverend Ric Metzgar, Sr., The Church of God, Essex, Maryland, of-fered the following prayer: My heavenly Father, You are the composer of my life. Thank you for or-chestrating my direction today. I recognize You as the source of life and love. Hear the prayers of this House, both for the good of the Nation and the good of humanity and around the world. Help this House to discern Your will in our day. Strengthen all of us and help us to show forth the fruits of Your spirit of love, joy, peace, and generosity as we go about our work. Grant us a spirit of compassion and cooperation. We ask Your blessings for all those who have chosen to take up this dif-ficult task of governing, not only those who are elected but also those who serve as staffers, interns, and volun-teers here and around our great Nation. We look to Your Scriptures that tell us ‘‘Balance and scales belong to the Lord; all weights of justice belong to You.’’ And as Jeremiah 29:7 exhorts us to: 
Seek the peace of the city and our Nation. Pray to the Lord for it; for in its peace, you will have peace. 
May the peace that passes all under-standing guide our hearts and our minds in the days to come. This we pray in Your matchless name, thanking You for being the ar-chitect of our lives. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KENNEDY led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f WELCOMING REVEREND RIC METZGAR, SR. The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speak-er, I am proud to introduce and wel-come to Washington, Maryland State Delegate Ric Metzgar, a friend for a long time, Second District resident, who has been representing eastern Bal-timore County in the Maryland Gen-eral Assembly since 2015. He has been serving his community far longer. Delegate Metzgar has lived in Essex for most of his life, graduating from Kenwood High School before attending Northwest Bible College. His father worked for the Glenn L. Martin air-plane community, and his mother owned a drycleaning business. Delegate Metzgar managed a local car dealership and a diner, and, as an ordained minister, he has served as a ministry leader and Sunday school di-rector for several local churches. He founded Gateway Pastors and Churches Association. In Annapolis, Delegate Metzgar serves on the Health and Government Operations Committee as well as the Maryland Veterans Caucus. His volun-teer efforts within his community are unending. Delegate Metzgar has long served as chair of the Essex Christmas parade and co-chair of the massive Essex Day Festival. He is a member of the board of directors for the Heritage Society of Essex and Middle River. Delegate Metzgar is married with two children and two grandchildren. I am honored to call Delegate Metzgar a friend and constituent of the Second Congressional District of Maryland, and I offer sincere thanks on behalf of this entire body for his delivery of to-day’s opening player. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky). The Chair will entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
NATIONAL SMALL BUSINESS WEEK (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this week marks National Small Business Week, a time to recog-nize the remarkable contributions small businesses make creating jobs. In South Carolina, small businesses represent 99 percent of our State’s businesses, employing 47 percent of our citizens. I am grateful for the input from the National Federation of Inde-pendent Business, NFIB, led by Ben Homeyer; the State Chamber of Com-merce led by Ted Pitts; and local chambers from Barnwell to Blythewood and from North Augusta to northeast Columbia, promoting every corner of the district. When I meet with members of the small-business community of South Carolina, I learn how government regu-lations and government overreach threaten their businesses and reduce job opportunities. I support President Trump’s commit-ment to creating jobs and how, in only 100 days, his administration has proven to be a champion of small business by cutting harmful regulations and out-lining tax reform. I appreciate the leadership of the small-business administrator, Linda McMahon, and her advocacy for the 29 small businesses nationwide. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH FUNDING (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, President Trump wanted to cut $1.2 billion from the National Insti-tutes of Health and the National Can-cer Institute. Instead, Congress will exert its independence by rejecting the President’s cut and will instead in-crease National Institutes of Health’s funding by $2 billion. My community of Buffalo, New York, is home to America’s first cancer cen-ter, Roswell Park Cancer Institute. Roswell Park is a national leader in NIH-funded research for immunotherapy. Immunotherapy uses drugs and vac-cines to unleash the cancer-killing po-tential of the body’s own immune sys-tem. Immunotherapy has the potential for longer remission and is an alter-native to debilitating chemotherapy. Because of this congressional action, Roswell Park Cancer Institute’s clin-ical trials and immunotherapy will continue, and the potential for tens of millions more in NIH research funding over the next 5 years is a reality. This is good for the good that it will do in advancing this promising re-search and is good for Buffalo and the continued growth of the Buffalo Niag-ara Medical Campus. 
f 
VETERANS ADMINISTRATION WHISTLEBLOWER (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, ac-cording to Kuauhtemoc Rodriguez, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.009 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3010 May 2, 2017 
called K-Rod, a VA employee at the medical center in Phoenix, Arizona— yes, that famous VA hospital—he has been threatened and harassed by the VA for speaking up about excessive wait times for vets to see doctors. In October of 2016, the VA’s inspector general released a report of misconduct on the Phoenix hospital based on infor-mation provided by Mr. Rodriguez. Mr. Rodriguez alleged that more than 90 veterans had been waiting over 400 days to see a doctor, 5 of whom died be-fore they could see the doctor. These accusations are very disturbing. But Mr. Rodriguez’ discovery did not earn him a medal or a plaque, just threats and harassment by the VA. They even moved his desk to a closet. There are many folks at the VA who genuinely care about our veterans in this country, like K-Rod, but there seems to be a culture problem at the VA that must be addressed from the top down. Fix the problem rather than attack whistleblowers. No veteran should ever wait to see a doctor for over a year. That is shameful. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
FULLY CODIFYING CIVIL RIGHTS PROTECTIONS FOR THE LGBTQ COMMUNITY (Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I stand proudly today with my colleagues to reintroduce the Equality Act, a bill that would finally fully codify civil rights protections for the LGBTQ com-munity. It is unthinkable to me that this bill finds opposition in this Chamber, where we stand less than a mile from a sacred American promise that is etched in stone above the doors of the Su-preme Court: ‘‘Equal justice under law.’’ There is no asterisk. There is no condition or compromise. No caveat. It is a promise that is afforded to each of us; that no one—man, woman, political candidate, or President—can look us in the eye and say that you do not count or you are unworthy. Some of the most shameful moments of our Nation’s history have come when we have broken that promise, when we say that everyone matters ex-cept you. Every life counts except yours. It is time for this body to take a stand and say everyone counts in this country today, on our watch today. 
f 
ACKNOWLEDGING THE IMPORTANT ROLE SMALL BUSINESSES PLAY IN OUR COMMUNITIES (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today during Small Business Week to acknowledge the im-portant role small businesses play in our communities nationwide. I am proud to be the product of a small-busi-ness family. Small businesses are responsible for creating 63 percent of new jobs, and they employ more than 47 percent of the employees in the private sector. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania is also marking the week with events hosted by the Small Business Develop-ment Center. From workshops to webinars, there is information for those looking to start a small business and those looking to grow their busi-nesses. Even long-time small-business owners can get advice on how to con-tinue to thrive or find a renewed sense of direction. Pennsylvania Small Business Week recognizes the significant contribu-tions of our small businesses and high-lights the resources available to sup-port their growth in the Keystone State. The Nation has celebrated Small Business Week each year since 1963. I would like to congratulate all the small-business owners for the role they play in employing our neighbors, serv-ing our communities, and creating two out of every three new jobs in the United States. f 
HONORING THE BROTHERS OF KAPPA ALPHA PSI (Mr. LAWSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the brothers of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incor-porated, during their annual James ‘‘Biff’’ Carter Kappas on Capitol Hill Legislative Policy Conference. Each year, donning their crimson blazers, they come to Capitol Hill to raise awareness around many of the key issues facing the African-American and other communities in this country. Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity rep-resents over 150,000 members from all 50 states, several U.S. territories, and six countries around the globe. These distinguished men of achievement are leaders in their respected communities, in the boardrooms, classrooms and aca-demia, public service, and every field of human endeavor. Today, it is with great humility and commitment to improving our commu-nities that my brothers in the bond come to Washington for the Kappas on Capitol Hill Legislative Policy Con-ference. As I see the brothers in their red blazers walk these hallowed halls, bringing their professional expertise, wisdom gained through experience, and passion for their communities to Wash-ington, my heart beams with pride. Mr. Speaker, now, more than ever, we need leaders in our communities to raise their voices to raise awareness about the issues that are confronting our communities back home. Today, I am proud of my brothers in Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated, for coming to Congress today to ensure that we never forget how decisions on issues like health care, higher edu-cation, job creation, and veteran bene-fits are affecting our communities at home. f 
RECOGNIZING 93Q MORNING DJ KEVIN KLINE (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I have had many heroes since I moved to Houston: Neil Armstrong, Earl Campbell, Nolan Ryan. My newest hero is a good friend, 93Q morning disc jockey Kevin Kline. Kevin and his wife, Trish, have watched a teenage friend, Chelsey, die from cancer. They turned that pain into extreme good. They started the Snowdrop Foundation to stop kids dying from cancer like Chelsey. They have used long runs to raise over $1 million for Snowdrop. Movie hero Forrest Gump ran for 3 years, 2 months, and 15 days. Recently in Italy, our real-life hero Kevin ran for 178.5 miles in 47 hours and 28 min-utes. Naval aviators are given call signs. Tom Cruise was Maverick. I was Pistol. By the powers vested in me by the 93Q’s Tim Tuttle and Erica Rico, Kevin Kline’s on-air call sign is now and for-ever Gump Man. I hope Gump Man is smiling. I know Chelsey and her friends are smiling in heaven. 
f 
b1215 NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH FUNDING (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, recently I met with leaders of the San Diego medical research commu-nity who had a unified message: We need to end the cuts in research that have slowed medical innovation for the last decade. This year I was proud to lead the bi-partisan effort, along with over 200 of my colleagues, to push for an addi-tional $2 billion in funding for the Na-tional Institutes of Health. This is a very personal issue. Almost all of us know someone who is strug-gling with a disease where NIH funding is used to find a cure. That person could be a mother, father, family friend, or even more heart-wrenching, a child. I am thrilled that the spending bill before us this week avoids the cuts pro-posed by President Trump and actually increases NIH funding by $2 billion. We have seen what can happen when lead-ership takes a bipartisan approach: top priorities like medical research actu-ally get funded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:10 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.011 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3011 May 2, 2017 
This isn’t the bill that I would have written, but it is a compromise that I am very happy to vote for. Let’s hope that Speaker R
YAN has learned from this experience and will work with us on health care, on transportation, and other priorities moving forward. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR JOHN JACOBSON (Mr. BYRNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of a true American hero, a dedicated veteran, and a successful businessman. Major John Jacobson enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1940 and fought in World War II, where he served as quarter-master to General George Patton. After his military career, he moved to Kansas and built a Fortune 500 com-pany and became a leader in the meat- packing industry. After retiring and moving to coastal Alabama in 1999, Major Jacobson be-came a local celebrity. Mr. Jack, as he was affectionately known, spent much of his time working with local veterans organizations where he would speak with school groups about World War II and the sacrifice our veterans make. Sadly, he recently passed away at the age of 106, making him one of the coun-try’s oldest World War II veterans. Mr. Speaker, all you need to know about Major Jacobson is that he lived his life by a simple motto: Another day to live is another day to serve. To his family, thank you for sharing Mr. Jack with all of us. He made our community, the United States, and the world a better place. 
f 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE FOUNDING OF THE MODERN STATE OF ISRAEL (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 69th anniversary of the founding of the modern State of Israel. Like our own country, our friend and ally has a deep commitment to meeting human needs around the world. Throughout its history, Israel has been a leader in humanitarian assist-ance. Israel established the very first field hospital in Haiti after the dev-astating earthquake in 2010 and rebuilt villages ravaged by cyclones in Fiji. Israel sent over 100 tons of supplies to aid Indonesia and Sri Lanka after the 2004 tsunami, and dispatched doctors to Greece to care for refugees fleeing the horrors of war in Syria. When Israeli soldiers reported wound-ed Syrians arriving at their border, medics from the Israeli military were dispatched and over 3,000 Syrians were treated by Israeli doctors. Today, as we celebrate Israel’s proud history and the bond between our na-tions, we are reminded of the impor-tance of looking beyond our own bor-ders and our proud shared history of welcoming those fleeing persecution from all around the globe. We renew our shared commitment to helping those in need in every corner of the world. f 
COMMUNITY BANKS: THE HUB OF ECONOMIC ACTIVITY (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, com-munity banks are an integral part of Main Street America, making up over 50 percent of banks and rural commu-nities like the ones I represent. They are indeed the hub of economic activ-ity for west Texas. They employ nearly 20,000 folks in my district and provide vital services to families, small busi-nesses, and ag producers. Why in the world do we want to ham-string them with onerous and unneces-sary regulations that make it harder for them to serve their communities? That is exactly what I believe we have done with Dodd-Frank. Each day that goes by, another com-munity bank goes out of business. As many of my colleagues have pointed out, Dodd-Frank didn’t end too big to fail, but it did create too small to suc-ceed. Dodd-Frank didn’t protect con-sumers. It created new layers of bu-reaucracy, paperwork, confusion, and limited services for consumers. Mr. Speaker, it is time that Congress act on this opportunity to pass the CHOICE Act before it is too late for our community banks and for our rural communities to choose between rela-tionship banking and transactional banking. 
f 
COMBATING OPIOID CRISIS (Ms. TSONGAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, Police Chief William Taylor of my hometown of Lowell, Massachusetts, said: ‘‘Each day two to three people over-dose from opioids in Lowell. . . . The introduction of illicit fentanyl has been the game changer. . . . ‘’ In 2015, Massachusetts ranked second nationally per capita in deaths from synthetic opioids like fentanyl, which can be up to 50 times stronger than heroin. But Massachusetts is far from alone. Between 2014 and 2015, nation-wide deaths involving synthetic opioids tragically rose 72 percent. That is why I partnered with Rep-resentative B
RIAN FITZPATRICK to in-troduce the INTERDICT Act, which would provide U.S. Customs and Border Protection with enhanced chemical screening devices and scientific sup-port to detect and intercept synthetic opioids like fentanyl. I thank Representative F
ITZPATRICK  and our Senate counterparts for their partnership, and I urge all our col-leagues to support the INTERDICT Act. To effectively combat the nationwide opioid crisis requires a comprehensive, cooperative, fully funded effort. The INTERDICT Act would be a powerful tool in eliminating synthetic opioids from the equation. f 
KAPPA DAY ON THE HILL (Mr. CLAY asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, more than ever before, we need leaders from across the Nation to raise our voices, elevate our awareness, and come to Washington, as stated in the First Amendment, to petition the govern-ment for a redress of our grievances. Now, more than ever, we need the people most affected by the decisions that are being made in this hallowed place, the people’s House, and at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue to make sure that this representative government is indeed being held accountable for both its actions and inactions. On this special day, I am proud of my brothers in Kappa Alpha Psi Frater-nity, and I am honored to welcome them back to Washington for their an-nual visit. I stand with my brothers to ensure that we never forget how our decisions on issues like health care, education, housing, jobs, voting rights, and even the use of military force are more than just political or policy judgments. They have life-and-death consequences for real people in the communities that we represent and across this great country as well. I thank my Kappa brothers for their steadfast friendship, support, and devo-tion to advancing freedom and equality for every American. 
f 
KAPPAS ON THE HILL (Mr. CONYERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my brothers of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incor-porated, during the annual James ‘‘Biff’’ Carter Kappas on the Capitol Hill Legislative Policy Conference. I knew Biff Carter personally. Each year, Kappas from all over the country flock to Capitol Hill to raise awareness around the key issues that are affecting our communities. These men are leaders in religious, business, legal, academia, and community serv-ice institutions, as well as others. Mr. Speaker, I have committed my life to public service for over 52 years. I have been honored to serve my con-stituents in this esteemed body. But one of my proudest moments in public service is when I committed myself to a life of honorable achievement in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.013 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3012 May 2, 2017 
every field of human endeavor—the day I joined Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated. Today I am proud as I see brothers in their red blazers walk these hallowed Halls, bringing their professional ex-pertise and wisdom gained through ex-perience and passion for their commu-nities to Washington, D.C., the Nation, and the world. 
f 
REMEMBERING FORMER BOULDER CITY MAYOR ROBERT STANLEY FERRARO (Ms. ROSEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember and commemorate the life of Robert Stanley Ferraro, a pillar in our community and one of the longest serving public officials in Ne-vada history who passed away last week at the age of 81. Robert Ferraro served on the Boulder City Council for 31 years and was Boul-der City’s first elected mayor, and suc-cessfully stood for election nine times. He knocked on every voter’s door and provided leadership to one of the most unique communities in our State. Bob led the effort to maintain Boul-der City’s character as a special com-munity and to be the clean, green Boulder City that many of my con-stituents call home and thousands visit each year. He was named Nevada Public Official of the Year in 1986, Community Leader of the Year in 2001, and led a life that was a true American success story coming from humble beginnings to being one of the great civic leaders of our State. Bob will be greatly missed, and my thoughts and prayers are with his fam-ily and friends today. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF REV-EREND DR. NORMAN LEE ROBIN-SON (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Reverend Dr. N.L. Robinson, the longtime pastor of Mount Olive Baptist Church who passed away last Friday. Reverend Robinson proudly served our Nation in the Army during World War II and was honorably discharged on November 25, 1945. It was during his time of service that he found spiritual enlightenment in Jesus Christ and his passion to serve the community. After leaving the Army, Reverend Robinson worked for the Dallas Hous-ing Authority from 1946 until he re-tired in 1976. A graduate of the Southern Bible In-stitute of Dallas, Dr. Robinson began his ministry at St. John Missionary Baptist Church in Grand Prairie in 1962, and he was also the pastor very briefly at the Lucille Baptist Church in Palmer, Texas, before jointing Mount Olive in 1966. Under his guidance, Mount Olive grew to become a 12,000-member church. I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, that everybody, from the workers that built the cars at the General Motors plant in Arlington to one of the past mayors of Arlington, has been a mem-ber at that church throughout time. I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the life of Reverend N.L. Rob-inson, whose spiritual leadership touched so many lives in the Dallas- Fort Worth-Arlington community. f 
b1230 SMALL BUSINESSES ARE THE ECONOMIC ENGINES OF OUR ECONOMY (Ms. ADAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, small businesses are the economic engines of our economy. There are over 800,000 small busi-nesses in North Carolina, generating $800 million annually, accounting for half of all private sector employment in our State, and regularly creating more than 20,000 jobs a year. We have seen a 38 percent increase in minority-owned businesses in the last decade, and across the U.S., 85 million people rely on 25 million small busi-nesses for employment. As vice ranking member of the Small Business Committee and ranking mem-ber on the Investigations, Oversight and Regulations Subcommittee, I rec-ognize the impact that small busi-nesses have on our communities. Law-makers must continue to encourage in-novation and support legislation that allows local companies to grow. I am proud to introduce the Score Act of 2017 during the 54th annual Na-tional Small Business Week, legisla-tion that authorizes the SCORE pro-gram, connecting experienced businessowners with budding entre-preneurs for advice and mentorship, and it ensures its funding for at least 3 years. Small businesses make the American Dream possible, and I am committed to standing up and speaking out on their behalf. 
f 
KAPPAS DAY ON THE HILL (Mr. M
CEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I, too, rise today to recognize my brothers of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incor-porated, during the annual James ‘‘Biff’’ Carter Kappas on Capitol Hill Legislative Policy Conference. Each year, my brothers come to Cap-itol Hill with their crimson blazers to raise awareness around the key issues that affect our communities. I had the privilege of joining this noble clan of Kappa Alpha Psi Frater-nity, Incorporated, right here in Wash-ington, D.C., at American University, where we chartered the Kappa Chi chapter of the Kappa Alpha Psi Frater-nity. It was in the fall of 1980 that I was allowed to cross the burning sands and commit myself to a life of honor-able achievement in every field of human endeavor. Mr. Speaker, today I am proud be-cause now, more than ever, we need the leaders in our communities to raise their voices, raise awareness, and come to Washington, D.C., as advocates on behalf of their communities, as it says in the First Amendment, ‘‘to petition the government for a redress of their grievances.’’ I am proud of the brothers of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated, for coming to Congress today, as they do each spring. f 
DISCRIMINATION IS WRONG (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, today I am proud to help bring forth the Equality Act, with 194 original cosponsors on both sides of the aisle. The principle behind the Equality Act is simple: dis-crimination is wrong, no matter what form it takes, no matter who it tar-gets. This is a principle that Americans overwhelmingly choose to embrace and live by. We see it in the way we treat our LGBT employees, friends, neigh-bors, and family. It is apparent in the outpouring of joy and celebration we witnessed at the Supreme Court’s his-toric marriage equality ruling 2 years ago. But sadly, our laws have not yet caught up with our values. It is still legal in a majority of States to fire somebody just because they are gay. That is not just a theoretical concern. It means real harm and real hardship for countless Americans. For LGBT Americans who are fired or turned away from a doctor’s office or told they are not wanted in their neighborhood, many of them have no-where to go for legal recourse. We are better than that as a nation. It is time we showed that. We are a nation that prides ourselves on our commitment to equality under the law. So I call upon this Congress to pass the Equality Act and put an end to legal discrimination against lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender Ameri-cans once and for all. 
f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tion as a member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.015 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3013 May 2, 2017 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 2, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: Respectfully, I write to tender my resignation as a member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce. It has been an honor to serve in this capacity. Thank you. Sincerely, S
TEVEN D. R USSELL , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
f 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the House Republican Con-ference, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 303 Resolved, That the following named Mem-ber be, and is hereby, elected to the fol-lowing standing committees of the House of Representatives: C
OMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORK-
FORCE : Mr. Estes of Kansas. C
OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS : Mr. Estes of Kansas. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1180, WORKING FAMILIES FLEXIBILITY ACT OF 2017; PRO-VIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DUR-ING THE PERIOD FROM MAY 5, 2017, THROUGH MAY 15, 2017; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 299 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 299 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 1180) to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide com-pensatory time for employees in the private sector. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committee on Education and the Workforce now printed in the bill, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-15 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. On any legislative day during the period from May 5, 2017, through May 15, 2017— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. SEC. 3. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. S
EC. 4. It shall be in order at any time on the legislative day of May 4, 2017, or May 5, 2017, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. S
EC. 5. The requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII for a two-thirds vote to consider a report from the Committee on Rules on the same day it is presented to the House is waived with respect to any resolution re-ported through the legislative day of May 5, 2017. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Res-olution 299 provides for the consider-ation of H.R. 1180, the Working Fami-lies Flexibility Act. This resolution provides for a closed rule since no amendments were submitted to the Rules Committee. Mr. Speaker, the workforce of the 21st century is a lot different from the workforce of the thirties and forties when many of our Nation’s labor laws were first written. As such, many of these laws are outdated and out of touch with the realities facing today’s workers. For example, in nearly half of two- parent households, both Mom and Dad work full time. That is up from rough-ly 30 percent in 1970. Meanwhile, millennials now represent the majority of the workforce. Given the changes in the workforce, there are new challenges related to the work-family balance. From children’s field trips, to taking care of an elderly family member, to a single parent jug-gling different tasks while their spouse is on a military deployment, the de-mands are greater than ever. That is where the Working Families Flexi-bility Act comes in. This commonsense bill would im-prove the quality of life for many hard-working men and women by removing outdated Federal restrictions imposed solely on the private sector. Already, workers in the public sector at the Federal, State, and local level have the ability to take comp time in lieu of overtime pay if they prefer. This bill would give that same option to workers in the private sector. Here is how it would work. An em-ployee and their employer would come together and mutually agree to enter an arrangement where the employee would receive time and a half in time off or comp time instead of time-and-a- half overtime pay. In other words, em-ployees would have the choice between paid time off and cash wages for work-ing overtime. As I mentioned, this provision is al-ready available for workers in the pub-lic sector. That is because, in 1985, Con-gress amended the Fair Labor Stand-ards Act to give public sector employ-ees greater flexibility. In fact, in a re-port filed by the House Education and the Workforce Committee more than 30 years ago, our Democratic colleagues wrote that this change in law recog-nized the ‘‘mutual benefits’’ of comp time for State and local governments and outlined the ‘‘freedom and flexi-bility’’ comp time would offer public sector workers. Shouldn’t workers in the private sec-tor be entitled to the same freedom and flexibility given to government work-ers? Now, I know some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will say this bill is somehow bad for workers. That could not be further from the truth. Let me clear up some of the false information put out by union bosses and special interest groups. First, this proposal is completely vol-untary. Both an employee and an em-ployer would have to agree to a comp time agreement, and their agreement would have to be put in writing. Second, no employer can coerce or intimidate their employees into taking comp time. An employee who feels they have been mistreated can file a charge with the Department of Labor, at no cost, or they can bring their own legal action. Employers who take advantage of their employees would face the same penalties as they would for other wage violations. Now, as a labor and employment at-torney, I have been a part of these kind of legal matters in the past, and I can honestly say that no sensible employer would take advantage of an employee and risk double damages, exorbitant attorney fees, and a legal battle with the Federal Government. Third, employees have control over when to use their comp time, as long as reasonable notice is given and the re-quest doesn’t unduly disrupt the work-place. This is the same standard used in the public sector, and it is the same standard used under the Family and Medical Leave Act. I imagine it is also 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.002 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3014 May 2, 2017 
the same standard used in each of our congressional offices. Fourth, this bill includes a 5-year sunset that would require Congress to come back and reaffirm this law after reviewing the impact of comp time. This would give us the ability to change the law based on the real-world impact. Fifth, the bill would set the max-imum comp time accrual amount at 160 hours, which is less than what is al-lowed in the public sector. This provi-sion was actually included after Demo-crats expressed concerns that workers would accrue too much comp time. Sixth, an employee has the right to cash out their comp time at any time and for any reason. This is a decision that the employee alone can make. Ad-ditionally, at the end of the year, em-ployees would receive a cash payment for any unused hours. Finally, this is not a far-fetched or radical idea. In fact, President Bill Clinton had his own comp time pro-posal during his Presidency. So this bill is great for workers and actually gives them greater choice and flexibility in the workplace. In fact, our committee, the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, heard a real- life example of how comp time would make life easier for families during a recent hearing on the bill. We heard about a clerical worker for a mental health company who recently found out she was pregnant and was putting in a lot of overtime during a transition to a new computer system. This mom- to-be simply wanted to waive the over-time pay and, instead, be credited the time for maternity leave. As her human resources professional testified: ‘‘I had to explain to her that we were unable to do so because it was against the law. It was difficult con-veying this message to this single mom-to-be who felt she should be al-lowed the option to choose for herself whether to take the overtime pay or paid leave when her child was born.’’ b1245 That is why this bill is necessary, for people like this working mom. That is how this bill will make a real dif-ference. Now, Mr. Speaker, I know comp time won’t work for every worker or family, so if an employee wants to continue re-ceiving time-and-a-half overtime pay, then they can continue to do so and this bill will have no impact on them. But this bill would create a new option for employees to better meet the needs of the 21st century workforce. Workers today want and need the type of free-dom and flexibility that this bill pro-vides. This bill would allow a working mom or dad to put in a little extra time at work in order to have that time off to attend a child’s baseball game, dance recital, or field trip. This is all about freedom, flexibility, fair-ness, and choice. Certainly, more work and changes will be needed as we adapt to the work-force of the 21st century, and I look forward to learning more about pro-posals from my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. But the simple fact that there are other proposals out there should not stop us from passing this commonsense bill to give working families the flexibility they need and deserve. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 299 and the underlying bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Over the last several months, I have heard from thousands of my constitu-ents over the phone, by email, and record numbers at townhalls. Frankly, the overwhelming message is frustra-tion with the Trump administration and Republicans in Congress—no calls to pass this bill, which every group that advocates for workers’ rights and unions opposes. The people in my dis-trict say that, to the contrary, Repub-licans continue to put the priorities of the few over the priorities of hard-working Americans. People are frustrated that, instead of working with Democrats, Republicans are focused on gutting healthcare cov-erage, increasing premiums, and strip-ping away workers’ rights. People in my district, across my State, and across the country are worried. The members of our immigrant commu-nity—our neighbors, family, and friends—will continue to be demonized by the President of the United States. So while I don’t expect this kind of rhetoric or policies to change over-night, I feel it is important to share these concerns with this body. Now, earlier this week, frankly, I was encouraged. There were some signs of positivity. Congressional Democrats and Republicans announced a bipar-tisan funding bill through the end of the year that shows a bright spot of what we can do together when we try. I hope we can all agree that a govern-ment shutdown would be catastrophic. In my district alone, I am reminded of the devastating impact of congres-sional inaction when I hosted a town-hall in Estes Park just last week. The government shutdown in 2013, right during tourist season, cost our small and vibrant town nearly half a million dollars in tax revenue and millions of dollars in sales, threatening the exist-ence of many Main Street businesses that rely on that tourism revenue and keeping Rocky Mountain National Park open. Estes Park sits at the en-trance of Rocky Mountain National Park, and Rocky Mountain National Park was closed for most of the 16-day shutdown a few years ago. But somehow, despite those obvious economic indicators in jobs, Donald Trump tweeted just this morning that our country ‘‘needs a good shutdown.’’ What does that even mean? We need a good shutdown like we need a root canal. It would put people in my district out of work and cost the private sector millions of jobs. But I am hopeful now that we will avoid a shutdown; that, thankfully, the spending bill, through 2017, prohibits funding on a new border wall. It mini-mizes cuts to the Environmental Pro-tection Agency, allowing them to con-tinue their work to keep our air and our water clean; and Planned Parent-hood will continue to receive Federal funding. Now, that being said, of course, that budget isn’t perfect, and we will have the chance to debate it on the floor. The Republicans insist on massive gov-ernment deficit spending for increased military spending that digs our moun-tain of debt for the next generation even bigger. The tax-and-spend Repub-licans continue to spend hand over fist and increase the deficit at the cost of the next generation of Americans. Now, the bill before us, the Working Families Flexibility Act, is another ex-ample of Republicans putting ideology and special interests over the needs of workers and American families. The trend isn’t new. It comes out of the typical playbook we have seen for dec-ades. In fact, this very bill has been intro-duced multiple times over the past 22 years, never with any success. Nearly identical bills were introduced in 1995, 1997, 1999, 2001, 2003, 2008, 2009, 2013, 2015, and now 2017. That is 10 times over 22 years. Each time, the bill never be-comes law, and it won’t become law now either. But that is how the Repub-licans want to spend their time in this body when we actually have important things to discuss that could become law, like fixing our broken immigra-tion system. This bill somehow claims to provide employees with more flexibility, but the only flexibility are for the bosses. Instead of receiving overtime, workers would receive comp time; so their pay-checks won’t get anything out of extra time worked. It is important to note that this legislation applies to the pri-vate sector and only to employees sub-ject to overtime provisions in the Fair Labor Standards Act. The current overtime threshold is set at just under $24,000, so only employees that make less than $24,000 are affected by this bill. We have tried mightily to increase that threshold to keep up with infla-tion, but we have met resistance by the Republicans every step of the way. In 2017, the Federal poverty level for a family of four is about $24,000. So we are talking about only giving overtime to families that are below the poverty level. These families rely on that over-time to pay their bills, to pay their rent, and to put food on the table. These are the families who would ben-efit most from receiving overtime pay. In fact, a recent study by the Economic Policy Institute showed that 40 percent of people making less than $22,500 a year worked some overtime hours and needed that income to get by. This same 40 percent are the very people 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.020 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3015 May 2, 2017 
who would lose out under the Repub-lican bill today. My Republican colleagues claim that no one is forcing workers to accept comp time instead of overtime pay, and comp time is technically optional. But this argument represents how out of touch Republicans are with the real- life workforce conditions and actual working families. In practice, the power differential be-tween employers and employees means that many employees would feel obli-gated to accept comp time instead of overtime pay, even if that is not what works best for them. Especially in non-union workplaces, employees could feel pressure to go along with their employ-ers’ demand or risk not even being of-fered overtime or comp time in the fu-ture. Now, Republicans have also made the argument that public sector workers receive comp time. They are right. But that is not apples to apples. Public sec-tor union membership is around 34 per-cent, and public sector employees have vast protections that private sector employees lack. As an example, public sector workers can’t be fired except for good cause, and they have administra-tive appeal rights. They can’t be dis-criminated against based on their de-sire to take overtime pay instead of comp time. Nonunionized private sec-tor workers can be legally discrimi-nated against in assigning their hours based on their decisions to take comp time versus overtime pay. If the Republicans want to enlarge this discussion to include providing ad-ditional workplace protections to workers in the private sector, we are happy to have that discussion both on the committee where I serve with my colleague, Mr. B
YRNE , as well as on the floor of the House. Republicans somehow argue that this bill provides flexibility for workers to get time off, but I will remind my col-leagues that nothing in the current Fair Labor Standards Act prevents em-ployers from offering time off right now. In fact, the Fair Labor Standards Act allows the ultimate flexibility. Employers can already provide paid or unpaid leave on sick days, maternity, and paternity under the FLSA. They don’t need this legislation to provide them flexibility. They just need to do the right thing. This bill also ignores the fact that not all businesses are successful. Be-fore coming to Congress, I started sev-eral businesses. I know this firsthand. A statistic is that 59 percent of res-taurant businesses go out of business within 3 years. I am zero for two. I tried starting two restaurants. They both failed. Maybe that means if I try again someday, I will be finally due for a success. But what is important is that when something goes out of business, we don’t leave the employees in the lurch. What you are effectively doing here by deferring the overtime pay into poten-tial future time off, if the company goes out of business, that employee would have to get in line with other creditors and risk never being paid. That is not a theoretical risk. The ma-jority of new businesses don’t last 10 years. They go out of business. Depriv-ing people of the payment for the work they have done already is not the right way to treat workers in those busi-nesses, and it is not their fault when the bad decision is made by their bosses. In our committee markup of the bill, my Democratic colleagues offered a number of amendments to improve the legislation. Representative BONAMICI  offered an amendment that would allow comp time to earn interest be-fore workers’ use. Under the current way this bill is written, low-wage workers are being asked to give an in-terest-free loan to the company. That doesn’t make sense. The amendment didn’t pass. If employees receive over-time pay, they should receive interest on it as well. Representative W
ILSON offered an amendment that would exempt work-ers who are earning less than 2
1⁄2times the minimum wage, so the employees earning the very least wouldn’t be sub-ject to the law and could actually rely on their overtime pay. Again, that amendment was rejected by Repub-licans. Representative B
LUNT ROCHESTER on the committee offered an amendment that would limit the bill so only work-ers eligible for at least 7 days of paid sick leave receive comp time. Yet, again, Republicans rejected this amendment. In total, committee Democrats of-fered eight amendments to try to im-prove this bill. Every single one was re-jected. Instead of bringing forward the same, tired, 22-year-old policies that I cer-tainly don’t hear my constituents re-questing, Democrats have offered real solutions that benefit working fami-lies. Working families would benefit from an increase in the overtime salary threshold. Last year, the Department of Labor proposed an increase to that threshold, and 248,000 workers in Colo-rado alone would have benefited under that rule. Democrats continue to write bills that provide commonsense solutions. We have offered legislation that would provide up to 12 weeks of partial-paid parental leave. Only 14 percent of the workforce has paid family leave through their employers. As a parent of a 5- and a 2-year-old, I know how im-portant that is to be able to spend time with your newborn kids. Democrats have also introduced a bill that would allow employees to earn up to 7 sick days per year. That would be a tremendous help to the 4 in 10 pri-vate sector employees who don’t have access to any paid sick leave at all under current law. Democrats have also offered legisla-tion to combat pay discrimination. In 2017, women working full time are still paid 80 cents on the dollar compared to what men make. Democrats have of-fered legislation that I am proud to co-sponsor that would address that kind of pay disparity. Those are the kinds of bills that the American people need, that workers need, and that we need to help lift people out of poverty and into the middle class. Today, House Democrats introduced the Equality Act. I was proud to join so many of my colleagues in a bipartisan bill to prohibit discrimination based on gender identity and sexual orientation. Sadly, in many States, it is still legal to fire someone just because they are gay. The Equality Act would finally ex-tend Federal workplace discrimination protections to LGBT Americans in all 50 States and the territories. Finally, House Democrats will soon be introducing the bill that would raise the minimum wage. In my home State of Colorado, voters chose to raise the wage last November, and many other States have minimum wages higher than the Federal minimum wage. But it shouldn’t come down to what State you live in to determine if you even earn enough to put food on the table and pay your rent. It is long past time we update the Federal minimum wage, and the Raise the Wage Act would do just that. Yet, again, we are offering many so-lutions that we would love to discuss and love to vote on, and, instead, the Republicans are offering a bill to strip existing rights away from workers. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us rep-resents the same old policies the Re-publicans have offered for decades. They have never succeeded, and they won’t succeed now. This time around, they are offering a bill that might be great for some of the bosses, but it un-dermines the lives of hardworking Americans that keep our country going. Mr. Speaker, I oppose the Working Families Flexibility Act and the rule before us, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman referred to an old playbook being used here. He is right. It is an old playbook. It is a playbook that was used by House Democrats in 1985, by President Bill Clinton during the 1990s. This is not a partisan playbook. This is actually—or used to be, actually—a bipartisan idea to give workers flexibility in the use of their time. That doesn’t sound radical to me. It is not radical at all. What has changed is Democrats used to be for this, and now, for whatever reason, they are not. They would rath-er lock workers into these restrictive arrangements where you have working mothers, like the one I used in my ini-tial remarks, who can’t get their flexi-ble time off that they want because we do not allow them to do that under the Federal Labor Standards Act. Comp time is just not technically op-tional, as my friend said, under this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.022 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3016 May 2, 2017 
law. It is optional by law. It is a vol-untary thing by law. There is no ques-tion about that. Employers cannot co-erce or intimidate an employee to do that under this law. It is strictly pro-hibited, and there are serious legal re-percussions for an employer who at-tempts to do that. There are no differences in the pro-tections for someone under this bill and the protections that public em-ployees have when they seek to have this sort of flextime under the laws that pertain to them. It is the same protection. So it doesn’t matter wheth-er you are in the private sector or the public sector; under this bill, you are going to be protected. b1300 Let me tell you something, as some-one who has practiced in this area. It is not an idle threat to an employer to face a regulatory proceeding from the Wage and Hour Division of the Depart-ment of Labor or to face a private law-suit. Those are a big deal. If you lose, you have to not only pay double dam-ages, you have got to pay the employ-ees’ attorneys fees, which can be sig-nificant. No sensible employer is going to go out there and intimidate and co-erce and think they can get away with it. They can’t. Wages, under our bankruptcy laws, are the first priority of what is paid out during the winding up of a bank-ruptcy proceeding. Before any other creditor is paid, wages get paid. In my experience, I don’t remember wages ever not being paid in a bankruptcy. That is always assumed. They get taken care of quickly. Most employers do the right thing. My friend talked about employers needing to do the right thing. Most em-ployers do the right thing. Just like I know my colleague, when he had a business in the private sector, did the right thing by his employees. Most em-ployers do. Yet too often in this body, we act as if the assumption is that em-ployers are going to do the wrong thing, and then we come down with this heavy-handed overregulation, pu-nitive approach that restricts the free-dom of both employers and—let’s get back to it—the workers themselves to work these things out. This is a commonsense solution to a real problem in the new workplace of the 21st century, where most moms and dads are working and where we have this new millennial generation that wants flexibility. They expect it. When you go to them and tell them: Oh, you can’t have it because it is a Federal law, they don’t understand. I have got to tell you, Mr. Speaker, I don’t understand. Yes, I understand that this law was put together in the 1930s. Maybe it made sense for the workplace in the thirties, but it doesn’t make sense for the workplace of the 21st century. I am disappointed in my colleagues who used to be in favor of these sorts of flexible arrangements and no longer favor it, but I get that. I hope that the rest of us will use our common sense and use what we all know is really hap-pening in the workplace today and sup-port this very important bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I have a document from 1997 from then-President Bill Clinton who opposed a bill that is basically identical to this one in its current form. The President said he would veto this bill, if passed, because he said this bill purports to give working families greater flexibility, but, in reality, it grants employers more rights at the expense of working people. I hope my friends on the other side of the aisle stop using President Clinton’s good name in vain in passage of a bill that is nearly identical to the one that he threatened to veto. Of course, Democrats want to talk about flexibility. President Clinton, myself, and Democrats of the Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee are happy to do that, if there is a way to provide workers with real choices to protect workers against employee abuse in making their decisions, but the current bill, and the same bill that President Clinton opposed, fails in that regard and fails to give employees the rights that they deserve to exercise their comp time. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. A
DAMS ). Ms. ADAMS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I wish to express my strong opposition to H.R. 1180. H.R. 1180 encourages overwork by en-couraging workers to spend more time at work in order to earn paid time off, which employers may or may not allow them to use in the future. Many hardworking families through-out the 12th District of North Carolina need overtime pay just to make ends meet each month. They should not be compelled by their employer to accept comp time when their monthly budget depends on how much overtime they receive in their paycheck. Overtime pay can be the difference between pay-ing for sending a child to college or going into debt. Parents who earn an hourly wage need overtime, not comp time, to care for their families. Nothing in the Working Families Flexibility Act strengthens existing workplace protections or promotes workplace flexibility. That is why I of-fered an amendment last week when H.R. 1180 was considered in committee to exempt comp time arrangements from mandatory arbitration agree-ments. This amendment would have ensured protections for employees that H.R. 1180 seek to take away. Unfortunately, the majority decided not to support my amendment or any other amendments offered by my fellow Democrats on the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee. Instead of today’s bill, the House should consider legislation that would create good jobs with family sustaining wages and benefits. I strongly oppose H.R. 1180, and I encourage by col-leagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. My colleague from North Carolina and I worked together on many things, and I have great respect for her, but I think her argument ignores a very im-portant fact about this bill, and that is that you can’t be coerced into doing this. You have to do it voluntarily. If you would rather get your time and a half in pay, that is your decision. You are going to get it. The law re-quires that. There is nothing that forces anybody to get that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD the Statement of Adminis-tration Policy from President William Jefferson Clinton from 1997, in which President Clinton lays out the criteria, by and large, which is still the criteria under which Democrats would support a comp time flexibility bill, had the Republicans been at all serious about actually passing one into law rather than just passing a symbolic bill that they have passed for 22 years. 
[From the American Presidency Project, John T. Woolley & Gerhard Peters, Santa Barbara, CA] W
ILLIAM J. C LINTON : STATEMENT OF ADMINIS -
TRATION POLICY : H.R. 1—W ORKING FAMILIES  F
LEXIBILITY ACT OF 1997, M ARCH 19, 1997 
(HOUSE) (BALLENGER (R) NC AND 99 OTHERS)  The President will veto H.R. 1 if it is passed in its current form. The President will not sign H.R. 1, or any other comp time legislation, unless it adheres to three funda-mental principles: (1) real choice for work-ers; (2) real protection against employer abuse; and (3) preservation of workers’ rights. H.R. 1 purports to give working families greater flexibility. In reality, it grants em-ployers more rights at the expense of work-ing people: H.R. 1 fails to offer workers real choice. In particular, H.R. 1 would allow an employer to decide when a worker could use his or her compensatory time-off by disapproving such time-off if the employer claims it would ‘‘un-duly disrupt’’ its operations. In addition, H.R. 1 would permit an employer to ‘‘cash out’’ a worker’s earned compensatory time over 80 hours. H.R. 1 fails to protect workers against em-ployer abuse. For example, H.R. 1 offers in-adequate protections for vulnerable workers and part-time, seasonal, and temporary em-ployees, including garment and construction workers, and those who are employed in in-dustries with histories of Fair Labor Stand-ards Act violations. H.R. 1 also fails to pro-hibit employers from substituting compen-satory time-off for paid vacation or sick leave benefits. Furthermore, H.R. 1 lacks meaningful remedies for workers when em-ployers penalize them for electing to receive overtime pay in lieu of compensatory time- off. In addition, H.R. 1 contains inadequate worker safeguards in cases where an em-ployer goes bankrupt or out-of-business. H.R. 1 fails to preserve workers’ rights. Workers who take compensatory time-off 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:48 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.023 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3017 May 2, 2017 
can be forced to work additional overtime in the same week—even on the weekend—with-out being paid overtime premium pay. The Administration supports the sub-stitute amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative George Miller, although proce-dural obstacles in the House have prevented the amendment from addressing all of the important issues that need to be treated, in-cluding expansion of Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA). The Administration strongly believes that any legislation to au-thorize compensatory time under the Fair Labor Standards Act should be linked to ex-pansion of the FMLA. Expanding the FMLA to give working families greater flexibility to foster the education of their children or provide routine health care for their children or elderly relatives will go a long way to-ward achieving the stated goals of H.R. 1. The Miller amendment, however, would en-sure real employee choice, by adding crucial provisions not found in H.R. 1. For example, employers that adopt comp time programs would have to make comp time available to similarly-situated employees on a fair and non-discriminatory basis. Working families are guaranteed real protection against pos-sible comp time abuse through the Miller amendment. Furthermore, the Miller amendment would preclude employers from using comp time to modify or reduce existing paid leave plans. It would entitle employees choosing comp time to get regular statements of their accrual and use of comp time; put a reasonable limit on the number of hours of comp time that can be accrued; and allow employees to seek damages when they incur costs because an employer wrongfully denies them use of the comp time they earned. The Secretary of Labor would have the authority to bar em-ployers with a pattern and practice of comp time abuse from continuing to offer comp time. H.R. 1 has none of these protections. These are all improvements to H.R. 1 that guarantee the legislation enhances rather than decreases flexibility for America’s working families. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. B
ROWN ). Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I thank my colleague from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) for yielding. I rise today in opposition to this so- called Working Families Flexibility Act, a bill that would hurt, not help, working people. This bill would ensure workers have less time, less flexibility, and less money. Under this proposal, workers would forego the overtime they earn today in exchange for comp time in the future, except workers can’t choose when they can use that time. There is nothing stopping a boss from denying a worker from using their comp time to care for a sick child or attend a school event. The only thing that this bill does is provide more flexibility for bosses, while taking away hard-earned overtime pay that many workers rely on to make ends meet. This is an attempt to undermine hard-fought, 80-year-old worker protec-tions guaranteed by the Fair Labor Standards Act. If Congress wanted to give working families more flexibility, we should give them earned paid sick days, combat pay discrimination, give them a say in their work schedules, and raise the minimum wage. These are the policies that working families truly need to thrive. They are popular, commonsense ideas that, unlike this bill, don’t force work-ers into choosing between time and money. Families depend on both. Let’s work together to support real flexi-bility for working families. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to gentlewoman from Michi-gan (Mrs. DINGELL ). Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule and underlying bill, and I thank my colleague from Colorado for yielding. Contrary to its name, the Working Families Flexibility Act provides no flexibility for working families but makes it harder to plan financially at a time when wages have stagnated and American workers are working harder than ever. The 40-hour workweek is a long es-tablished American way of life—a way of life won by hardworking American men and women. This legislation aims to undermine the Fair Labor Standards Act and the 40-hour workweek by hand-ing even more power over to employers by giving them the right to not pay for overtime hours. This legislation amounts to a hand-out for large American companies at the expense of their workers. Hard-working Americans can’t afford to loan their bosses overtime pay for months at a time. Employees would also find themselves at a disadvantage if they wanted to get paid for overtime instead of opting for comp time. Companies would find it in their financial interest to select comp time workers instead of workers who want overtime pay. This isn’t the flexibility that American workers need. The bill is right about one thing: American workers do deserve an up-date to the FLSA. If they really want to talk about helping American work-ing families gain more flexibility in the workplace, Congress should be tak-ing up bills on paid sick days, paid fam-ily and medical leave, and a real in-crease in wages. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I think my friends on the other side of the aisle don’t under-stand how this works. An employee comes to their supervisor or the person who runs the HR office in the company and says: I would like to get some comp time in return for the overtime I am getting ready to work because I have got a specific reason to want to use it. The employer says: Okay, when do you want to get the overtime and when do you want to take the comp time? They work that out. The employer has the responsibility for having the system and the paper-work for showing that they have com-plied with the law. From an employer’s point of view, that is an extra burden. It is really not in the interest of an em-ployer to do this. An employer would really prefer to say: Look, I don’t want to have to do this, because if I make a mistake, I am going to get in trouble with either a private lawsuit or the De-partment of Labor. So it is really bet-ter for the employer not to have this option because it is not going to be an option in which they can make a mis-take. This is for that employee to get the comp time so they can have some flexi-bility in their schedule. That is who it is for. If they don’t want to use it, they don’t have to use it. They can still be paid the time and a half that they are paid today. No one can coerce them. The law says you can’t do that, and there are real penalties for it. To the contrary, when we are hearing that somehow this is something for the employers, no, it is not. This is for the workers—the new workers of the 21st century, who sometimes I think we have forgotten about when we have these debates in this body. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, while we are debating a rule for a bill that would strip workers of their overtime pay, since President Trump took office, dangerous bills like this are more likely to become law. Just a few weeks ago, President Trump signed a bill into law that strips the American people of our online pri-vacy, allowing internet service pro-viders to sell yours and my sensitive information to the highest bidder with-out our permission. This information includes location, financial and health data, information about our children—even pictures of our children—Social Security numbers, web browsing history, app usage his-tory, content of communication: emails, video chats. It is simply wrong. For this reason, when we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative J
ACKY ROSEN ’s bill, H.R. 1868, which would reinstate the Federal Communication Commission’s internet privacy rule. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, sometimes you need a redo or a retake. When this body narrowly passed the bill that President Trump signed that took all of our private data and allowed inter-net service providers to sell it without our permission, it was a mistake. Hope-fully enough Members of this body have since realized it is a mistake and they will now change their vote and support defeating the previous question 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.004 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3018 May 2, 2017 
allowing for immediate consideration of Representative R
OSEN ’s bill to pro-tect our privacy. As we know, broadband access through internet access providers is a critical way to have access to a world of information and commerce, but the price of that access should not be all of your private information, including your kids’ photographs and birthdays and your Social Security number. Under the bill that became law, ev-erything you enter on the internet on any site, regardless of their privacy policy, would be owned by your broadband provider and be able to be sold by your broadband provider with-out your consent. That is simply wrong for America; it is wrong for consumers; it is wrong for innovation. It casts a shadow over the entire internet ecosytem, which not only has brought so much enjoyment to so many but has created millions of jobs in my district and across our country. b1315 If we can defeat the previous ques-tion, we can do a redo on this bill. We can pass H.R. 1868, which would rein-state a rule that has broad, popular support. I haven’t heard a single con-stituent of mine say that they don’t want their broadband privacy pro-tected, and I have had hundreds of them say that they do want their broadband privacy protected. I am hoping that, since my Repub-lican friends have now had the chance to have townhalls and to listen to their constituents, they will agree that we should reinstate the Federal Commu-nications’ internet privacy rule to pro-tect our privacy subject to the terms of use; information can be sold if you con-sent for it to be sold, but without your consent, all the information you enter on the internet should not be the prop-erty of the broadband provider for their use and for sale. It is common sense. The vast majority of the American public agrees. I think it is time to call the question on Congress to see if we can get Congress to agree. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I would say to my colleague and to the House, I did indeed have 11 town-halls 2 weeks ago after the bill he ref-erences passed. It didn’t come up one time because the American people un-derstand what that was all about, that there were two different Federal agen-cies battling over something, and it didn’t even solve the problem. The agency that put that regulation out didn’t have the authority to do it, and it didn’t solve the problem. The Amer-ican people are sick and tired of agen-cies that don’t have the authority to go out there and they do something, and it doesn’t solve the problem. If we want to get to the issue that my friend wants to get to, which I think is important, we ought to get to, let’s work together in a bipartisan fashion and come up with a bipartisan, comprehensive bill that addresses that. I would really like to be a part of that. But that is not what we are here today about. We are here today about this bill to provide flexibility to work-ing people in the 21st century, particu-larly millennials. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. I am surprised that people in Ala-bama weren’t clamoring to protect their online privacy at the gentleman’s townhall meetings. I will certainly take him at his word. Perhaps it is be-cause they were so concerned with Re-publican attempts to increase their healthcare insurance rates by 15 to 20 percent, Republican attempts to raise their taxes, and Republican spending that will increase the deficit by $12 bil-lion in this continuing resolution that were brought before us. Maybe they were so overwhelmed by the Repub-lican efforts to get rid of their health care, increase the deficit, spend more money, and take away their rights that they didn’t get down their list of con-cerns to broadband privacy. Certainly in my district, Mr. Speak-er, dozens of constituents in my town-halls—both Republican and Democratic constituents—brought this issue up as a way of arguing how out of touch House and Senate Republicans are to say that, at this time in our Nation’s history, what we need is less privacy, not more. I think that there are a lot of things that people are concerned about, and that is certainly one of them. This debate is about that, frankly, Mr. Speaker, because, if we defeat the previous question, I will be bringing forth Ms. R
OSEN ’s bill. Members of this House will have an opportunity to vote on bringing up Ms. R
OSEN ’s bill to pro-tect our broadband privacy. Mr. Speaker, the more work, less pay bill before us is yet another example by Republicans to roll back workers’ rights under the guise of doing the op-posite. Again, if the Republicans have a sincere desire to actually enhance and improve workers’ rights, then we are all for that. The labor movement is for that. Let’s talk about that. But don’t pretend like you have the voices and concerns of workers in mind when workers’ advocacy groups say you are stripping away their rights. We are happy to have that discussion. In many ways, the veto statement from President Clinton in 1997 still lays out as relevant, today, some of the very criteria the Democrats would want to see in a bill that we could sup-port that would empower workers to choose additional comp time, a concept that many Democrats support. I wish we were working to protect American families today. But instead of collaborating with Democrats to produce a bill that actually accom-plishes the stated goal of increasing worker flexibility, instead, the Repub-licans have chosen to move forward with their 22-year-old bill that weakens the 40-hour workweek, that President Clinton threatened to veto, that hasn’t become law and won’t become law, just perhaps as a check-off box rather than to do anything to actually empower workers to choose comp time instead of overtime. They are just checking the box for the big bosses and moving on to the next item without seeing this through into law. There are a lot of bipartisan bills this body could be taking up this week. Frankly, one of them is Representative ROSEN ’s bill that I will be bringing up when we defeat the previous question, but, sadly, this bill is not one of them. I am very disappointed that even in the majority, even in the governing capac-ity, even controlling the House, the Senate, and the Presidency, Repub-licans are wasting time on what we around here call messaging bills rather than real bills to address issues that Americans want us to work on, like bringing down the cost of college, fix-ing our broken immigration system, rebuilding our crumbling roads and bridges, or reforming our complicated tax system to make it more friendly for growth in our country. Mr. Speaker, I support legislation that puts the needs of workers first, but this bill before us does the oppo-site. This legislation lifts up the big bosses with the hope that a worker may or may not see a benefit down the line without interest if the company stays in business. It is the wrong way to go about it. I oppose the rule. I op-pose the underlying bill. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. I thank Congresswoman R
OBY for being the sponsor of this bill and bring-ing it forward. As a young woman her-self, she understands what’s going on in the workplace with people her age and how they try to juggle all the de-mands of their time. She has come up with a very commonsense approach to how we can deal with this in a way that makes sense for everybody. We just heard a lot about the labor movement and big bosses. I got trans-ported back in my mind. You would have thought we were in the 1930s and 1940s. I don’t know if my colleague from Colorado has been paying atten-tion, but union membership is at its lowest level since the 1940s right now because, even after 8 years of the most pro-union administration in decades, union membership continues to fall, and it continues to fall because work-ers in America aren’t buying what they are selling because a lot of what they are selling is exactly what we hear is the opposition to this bill, which is: Let’s limit people; let’s restrict people; let’s come up with all these things to tell them what they can’t do instead of telling them what they can. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.026 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3019 May 2, 2017 
What the American people want, what I heard in my townhall meetings, they want the government off their back so that they can make their own choices and live their lives the way they want to live them. This is really true with the millennial generation. I have four children who are adults right now. They are millennials. They really want to have flexibility in their lives, and this bill, Congresswoman R
OBY’s bill, gets a little way toward that. I don’t see why we would be against trying to give not just young workers, but all workers, that flexi-bility. I have heard the arguments, and I have heard them several times now. I have just got to tell you, they make no sense to me. Perhaps they are some-thing that made sense 50, 60, 70 years ago, but they don’t make any sense in 2017. It is a different time. It is a dif-ferent day. Let’s give the workers of America some freedom and flexibility because that is what they really want. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my col-leagues to support House Resolution 299 and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 299OFFERED BY  M
R. POLIS At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 6. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 1868) to provide that providers of broadband Internet access serv-ice shall be subject to the privacy rules adopted by the Federal Communications Commission on October 27, 2016. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consid-eration of the bill for amendment the Com-mittee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such .amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amend-ments thereto to final passage without inter-vening motion except one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 7. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 1868. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an a amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, May 2, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on May 2, 2017, at 11:26 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 371. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
DISASTER DECLARATION IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1665) to ensure that the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency considers severe local impact in making a recommendation to the President for a major disaster declaration, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1665 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Disaster Dec-laration Improvement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. LOCAL IMPACT. 
In making recommendations to the President regarding a major disaster declaration, the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency shall give greater weight and con-sideration to severe local impact or recent mul-tiple disasters. Further, the Administrator shall make corresponding adjustments to the Agency’s policies and regulations regarding such consid-eration. Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate on the changes made to regulations and policies and the number of declarations that have been de-clared based on the new criteria. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.028 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3020 May 2, 2017 
Pennsylvania (Mr. B ARLETTA ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 1665, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The purpose of H.R. 1665 is to ensure that, in making a recommendation to the President for a major disaster dec-laration, the Administrator of FEMA looks at the intensity of the impact in a localized area as well as the impact on other recent disasters. My colleagues from Illinois are to be commended for working so persistently on this bipartisan piece of legislation. Their Illinois districts have been im-pacted by several devastating disas-ters, but each time the communities were told that the damage was not se-vere enough to warrant Federal dis-aster assistance. In recent years, there has been more evidence of devastated small and rural communities not receiving disaster as-sistance in a fair manner compared to other larger communities and neigh-boring States. I know all too well how devastating this can be for those af-fected by disaster, as I am dealing with a similar issue in northeastern Penn-sylvania. In March, much of the area I rep-resent was hit with a crippling snow-storm that dumped as much as 30 inches of snow or more. Municipalities had to exhaust much of their yearly budgets on snow removal efforts and emergency services. However, due to the fact that the statewide threshold needed for Pennsylvania to request re-imbursement funding from the Federal Government was not met, local munici-palities were left with massive holes in their budgets. This bill helps ensure the severe, re-mote, and localized impact endured by communities like those in Pennsyl-vania and Illinois get due consideration and they get the help they need when disaster strikes. The House adopted similar language last year when it passed the FEMA Disaster Assistance Reform Act. Again, thank you to the gentleman and gentlewoman from Illinois for working with the subcommittee on this legislation to address the concerns of their constituents and other commu-nities in this situation. I urge my col-leagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1665, the Disaster Declaration Improve-ment Act, as amended, which will en-sure that the severity and number of recent disasters are afforded greater weight by FEMA when making disaster declaration recommendations to the President. This bill addresses an unfair situa-tion where small and rural commu-nities located in States with large pop-ulations are seemingly denied Federal disaster assistance because of the State’s large population. We have seen instances where a storm inflicts simi-lar damage in two communities of similar size located in different States, but the State with a lower population receives a disaster declaration while the State with a larger population does not receive the disaster declaration. For example, in 2013, several counties in Illinois were hit by a tornado caus-ing 6 deaths, at least 180 injured, and widespread damage. The same storm system produced tornadoes and caused damage in the smaller neighboring States of Missouri and Kentucky, both of which received disaster declarations, while the State of Illinois did not. To be clear, the Stafford Act pro-hibits the denial of disaster assistance to a State or local community based on income or population. However, given some of the examples, it appears that that is precisely what is occurring. It is time for this to stop and to treat all small and rural communities fairly. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS). Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
ARLETTA  and Ranking Member J
OHNSON . I also look over this House floor and thank my colleague, Mrs. B
USTOS , from Illi-nois, for joining me in this effort be-cause, if you travel to my district or Mrs. B
USTOS ’ district in central and, in my case, southern Illinois and you ask my constituents about their opinion of FEMA’s disaster declaration process, they are going to tell you that it is broken. b1330 You don’t have to look any further than the State of Illinois to see how FEMA’s public assistance formula is failing hardworking families across this country because it simply does not put all communities on a level playing field. In 2012, tornadoes devastated Harris-burg in southern Illinois, but the State was denied public assistance while Mis-souri and Kentucky received aid due to the damage inflicted by the exact same storm. Just a few short years ago, the towns of Gifford and Washington in central Illinois were denied public as-sistance as well, despite those commu-nities suffering millions in damage. And just last year, Illinois was once again denied public assistance fol-lowing extensive damage done in late December 2015 and early January 2016 caused by severe storms and flooding in the central and southern parts of our State. Under existing regulations, FEMA currently takes into account several factors when determining the need for public and individual assistance. How-ever, there is currently no standard to determine which factor is more impor-tant than another during the disaster declaration process. This leads to high-ly subjective and uncertain processes that leave States and communities in limbo for weeks as their application is considered. By working with the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee last year during the markup of the FEMA Disaster Assistance Reform Act, we were successful in including important language based on legislation I intro-duced that requires the administrator of FEMA, when making recommenda-tions to the President regarding a dis-aster declaration, to ‘‘give greater weight and consideration to severe local impact.’’ This bill ultimately passed out of the House under suspen-sion last Congress, but, unfortunately, the bill died in the Senate. This Congress, I have introduced this language again, along with my friend and colleague from Illinois (Mrs. BUSTOS ), as the Disaster Declaration Improvement Act. Passing this bill will have a real im-pact on States like Illinois, where a large portion of the population is con-centrated in a small northeastern cor-ner of our State. Because of the popu-lation density in the northern part of my State, rural parts, where I live and where I represent, are having to meet an arbitrarily high standard in order to qualify for a disaster declaration. En-acting this language is going to help level the playing field and help ensure rural areas are given a fair chance when disaster happens and help is need-ed. During our March markup of this bill, we also added important language that strengthens the bill by way of an amendment offered by my friend, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). This language also requires FEMA to place more consideration on recent multiple disasters, to take into account the cumulative impact such events can have. So I want to thank Chairman G
RAVES for working with my office on including this language and for being a cosponsor of my bill. I also want to express my personal gratitude to Chairman S
HUSTER and Ranking Member D
EFAZIO for working with us during the last Congress and this Congress, and for moving this bill so early. Again, I want to especially thank Chairman B
ARLETTA for being a cosponsor of this bill. Mr. Speaker, central and southern Il-linois just experienced another flood-ing event this past weekend. And while it is not yet clear what the damage is, it is clear that Congress must act to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.032 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3021 May 2, 2017 
ensure that folks get a fair shake if it is determined that Federal assistance is needed. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentle-woman from Illinois (Mrs. B
USTOS ). Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I also want to thank my colleague, Congress-man R
ODNEY DAVIS, for working with me to advance this long overdue legis-lation, which we call the Disaster Dec-laration Improvement Act. This bill seeks to bring fairness to the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s disaster declaration process. Right now, if a tornado, a flood, or any other natural disaster strikes a small town, like many of the ones I represent in the State of Illinois, FEMA’s current per capita formula leaves much of rural America behind. That is because FEMA’s current dis-aster assessment rules fail to take into account localized impacts on Main Streets and agricultural communities throughout our Nation. This has left hardworking families in Illinois and rural States throughout the United States without access to the Federal relief they so badly need under these circumstances. For instance, in my district, the city of Pekin was denied FEMA disaster re-covery funding following a deadly tor-nado that had winds up to 120 miles per hour that ripped through the town in November of 2013. Gary and Selena Cleer were in church on that Sunday afternoon when this tornado hit. They took shelter along with the rest of the congregation in the hallway to protect themselves. Finally, and with God’s blessing, they were able to drive safely home, and they didn’t even recognize what was in front of them. Much of their roof was gone, their garage had been torn away, and their battered car lay among all of the rubble. The tornado destroyed about 200 other structures in this town of only 35,000 people. But this community re-ceived no public assistance dollars— zero. This was a direct result of FEMA’s disaster declaration formula, which, again, makes it unnecessarily difficult for Illinois’ smaller commu-nities to receive the help that they need. Mr. Speaker, we are not asking for a handout for rural America. In fact, in the Midwest, we are as resilient as they come, but we are certainly asking for a fair shake and the opportunity for all of our families to get the help that they need in a time of crisis. A few million dollars of damage can devastate a smaller town or a rural community. That is why FEMA must give greater weight to the local impact of a disaster when making these deci-sions about the need for Federal assist-ance. Our bill fixes an unfair formula that hurts too many of our smaller towns and villages across Illinois and across America. This bill had been included in the FEMA Disaster Assistance Reform Act of 2015, but it sat in the Senate without any action. Today we are working together to pass it once again because we can’t solve this problem by ignoring it. I urge our friends in the Senate to take action. With new flooding, damaging roads and infrastructure in places like Pekin, Peoria, and in southern Illinois where my friend, M
IKEBOST, serves and where R
ODNEY DAVIS serves, I urge my col-leagues to join us in supporting this bill so that we can help ensure that hardworking families from the heart-land have the support they need to get back on their feet after a disaster. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. B
OST). Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. As we speak, communities in south-ern Illinois are contending with rising flood waters. While we may not be able to prevent the water rising, there is a lot that we can do to help our communities rebuild following a disaster. Unfortunately, too many rural areas find that the help that they need is not there for them because of arbitrary Federal rules. In my district, rural communities suffered significant damage from the 2015 holiday floods, but did not qualify for assistance because of these rigid rules. This legislation addresses these problems and ends the unfair treat-ment of rural areas. It is better to ensure that FEMA gives greater weight to localized disas-ters when determining assistance. I support the legislation authorized by my friend and Illinois colleague, R
ODNEY DAVIS, and cosponsored by C
HERI BUSTOS , because the victims shouldn’t be punished for living in a small town in a rural area. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. L
AHOOD). Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1665, the Dis-aster Declaration Improvement Act. I thank my colleagues, Mr. B
ARLETTA  and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS, for their lead-ership on this important issue. Rural areas are the heart of not only my district, but of America as a whole. They are the source of food and re-sources, and are home to millions of American families. When natural disas-ters come to these communities, we should be doing everything in our power to help them get back on their feet. Instead, the regulatory regime forces these areas to meet a higher and unfair threshold in order to get the FEMA resources that they need. My district faced this problem back in 2013, after a tornado swept through Washington, Illinois, destroying nearly 1,000 homes. This was a massive loss, but FEMA’s formula for public assist-ance kept Washington from getting the assistance it needed to repair the pub-lic infrastructure damaged by the storm. While individuals could get some relief for personal property, this damage to infrastructure affects every member of the community. This is why I am a proud cosponsor and supporter of H.R. 1665, the Disaster Declaration Improvement Act. This bill will change and modernize FEMA’s formula so that it is easier for rural areas and areas with lower population density to get the support and assist-ance they need after a disaster. I urge my colleagues to vote for its passage today to ensure that all Ameri-cans, regardless of the town they live in, can know that help will be on the way after such tragic events happen. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. GRAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I want to commend the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Mrs. B
USTOS ) for coming together to work in a bipartisan manner to address a prob-lem that affects not just Illinois, but affects, I think, all 50 States. It is an issue where we have watched FEMA, in many cases, make decisions that ap-pear to be arbitrary in terms of declar-ing a disaster in some areas, not in others. What this legislation does, very sim-ply, is it requires that FEMA take into consideration the true localized im-pacts of a disaster. And in line with what the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS) noted earlier, we did an amendment in the committee that also looked at, or required, FEMA to con-sider multiple impacts in an area. I am from south Louisiana. In the last several months, we have had police shootings, we have had one of the most costly floods in U.S. history, we have had tornadoes, and we have had an-other flood in north Louisiana. In fact, there were two floods, as I recall. One of them was a 500-year flood, and the second was a 1,000-year flood. It makes me question how old I am sometimes. But what this does is it requires that FEMA look at localized impacts, and that they take into consideration the cumulative impacts of various disas-ters and incidents in an area. FEMA is not there and the Federal Government is not there to take care of every prob-lem and every disaster that States and municipalities have. But in many cases that we have seen historically, they have missed opportu-nities. I think we have seen incredible burdens borne by local governments, and they have had disasters that far exceeded their capabilities. I want to, again, commend the gen-tleman and gentlewoman from Illinois for offering this commonsense legisla-tion, and I urge all Members to support the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.033 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3022 May 2, 2017 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1665, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1665, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ob-ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
FEMA ACCOUNTABILITY, MOD-ERNIZATION AND TRANS-PARENCY ACT OF 2017 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1679) to ensure that the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s cur-rent efforts to modernize its grant management system includes applicant accessibility and transparency, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1679 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘FEMA Ac-countability, Modernization and Trans-parency Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall ensure the ongoing modernization of the grant systems for the administration of assistance under the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) includes the following: (1) An online interface, including online as-sistance, for applicants to complete applica-tion forms, submit materials, and access the status of applications. (2) Mechanisms to eliminate duplication of benefits. (3) If appropriate, enable the sharing of in-formation among agencies and with State, local, and tribal governments, to eliminate the need to file multiple applications and speed disaster recovery. (4) Any additional tools the Administrator determines will improve the implementation of this section. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION .—To the extent prac-ticable, the Administrator shall deliver the system capabilities described in subsection (a) in increments or iterations as working components for applicant use. 
SEC. 3. NO ADDITIONAL FUNDS AUTHORIZED. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act. Such re-quirements shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
f 
b1345 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include any ex-traneous material on H.R. 1679. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The purpose of H.R. 1679, the FEMA Accountability, Modernization and Transparency Act of 2017, is to enhance FEMA grant applicants’ access to in-formation. I commend my colleague from Lou-isiana for working so hard for the peo-ple of his State to tackle the chal-lenges those communities and individ-uals have been facing in the wake of last August’s floods and other disas-ters. On average, FEMA distributes almost $6 billion a year in assistance to indi-viduals, communities, and organiza-tions impacted by disasters. That tax-payer money must be managed in an efficient and transparent way to pre-vent duplication and provide disaster survivors with needed access and visi-bility. More efficient and transparent deliv-ery of disaster assistance will help speed disaster recovery and reduce the administrative burden on applicants. This legislation requires the FEMA Ad-ministrator to include online access and information sharing as the agency modernizes its disaster grant delivery system. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 1679, the FEMA Accountability, Modernization and Transparency Act of 2017. Our State and local partners are the first responders to any emergency disaster or terrorist attack. They do an out-standing job, given their limited re-sources and irregular nature of the events to which they respond. We need to make sure that our part-ners, States, local governments, first responders, and nonprofits have access to the latest equipment, technology, training, and other resources needed to address any gaps in preparedness and to ensure that they remain as respon-sive as possible in an emergency. To as-sist them in their efforts, the Depart-ment of Homeland Security provides several discrete types of preparedness grants to help our partners meet the core capabilities needed to prepare our Nation for any hazard. FEMA’s 2016 National Preparedness Report found that much more work is needed in areas such as cybersecurity, economic recovery, housing, infra-structure systems, and supply chain in-tegrity and security in order to meet our goal of being prepared and resil-ient. Despite the valuable benefits these grants provide, President Trump pro-posed to cut funding for these grants in his so-called skinny budget. President Trump has proposed prioritizing a bor-der wall over the lives and safety of our residents. I am pleased to note that this week Congress will be voting on an omnibus fiscal year 2017 appropriations bill that funds these programs at suffi-cient levels. Since 2015, FEMA has been modern-izing its management of these grant programs by making information tech-nology platforms more user friendly. As FEMA continues to improve the ef-ficiency and effectiveness of its grants management, this bill will ensure that FEMA ensures that the system is more accessible and transparent to appli-cants. The bill requires FEMA to include mechanisms to eliminate duplication of benefits and enable the sharing of in-formation among agencies and with State, local, and tribal governments, where appropriate, while FEMA con-tinues its modernization efforts. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the sub-committee chairman and ranking member for their assistance, and I also want to thank our lead cosponsor, Mr. S
IRES of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, this legislation is an unfortunate situation, that Congress actually has to step in. I want to give you a little bit of background. In August of last year, we had once again what was known as the fourth most costly flood disaster in U.S. his-tory. We had areas of south Louisiana that actually experienced over 32 inches of rain within about a 36-hour period. By comparison, the average American, as I recall, receives some-where between 26 and 28 inches of rain in a year, and we received that in ap-proximately 36 hours—an extraor-dinary rainfall event. As you can imagine, in a 1,000-year flood event, you had thousands and thousands of people that were flooded, people living well outside of the flood-plain. So, yes, there were thousands of people that were seeking assistance, trying to do everything from buy clothes to buy food, essential needs. We assisted thousands of constitu-ents trying to get information and an-swers from FEMA, but the way that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.034 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3023 May 2, 2017 
the process worked is that you had to call an 800 number. If someone an-swered, they would log on a computer system and update the constituent on what their status is: if they received the application, if additional informa-tion was needed, if they were approved or denied. I, myself, on many occasions called the 800 number just to see how long it would take to get through. In some cases no one would answer. In other cases, the questions couldn’t be an-swered. It is a very simple situation here, Mr. Speaker. This bill simply requires that FEMA establish an online database that citizens of this country can access directly. I can go right now and I can look at hotel reservations; I can look at airline reservations, train reserva-tions. You can do virtually anything online. You can pay your utility bills. You can call an Uber. But with FEMA, they had thousands of employees that were there to answer phones to simply log on to the system. There is no need for that step to be there. It is more efficient to get people direct access. I would rather see those FEMA employees helping us recover. So I will say it again. I am dis-appointed that this takes an act of Congress. This is common sense, and you are seeing this type of innovation and utilization of technology happen all across the marketplace. Unfortu-nately, Congress has to intervene here, albeit in a bipartisan way, to make sure that Americans are getting the service that they deserve and to make sure that our taxpayer dollars are being used in an efficient way. Once again, I want to thank the sub-committee chairman, Mr. B
ARLETTA , Ranking Member J
OHNSON , and I want to especially thank the lead cosponsor on this legislation, Mr. S
IRES of New Jersey, who I know has gone through extraordinary challenges in New Jersey with the 2012 Hurricane Sandy impacts on his State. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1679, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1679. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. ROBERT T. STAFFORD DISASTER RELIEF AND EMERGENCY AS-SISTANCE ACT AMENDMENT Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1678) to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act concerning the statute of limitations for actions to re-cover disaster or emergency assistance payments, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1678 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 705 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5205) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Except’’ and inserting ‘‘Notwithstanding section 3716(e) of title 31, United States Code, and except’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘report for the disaster or emergency’’ and inserting ‘‘report for project completion as certified by the grantee’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘report for the disaster or emergency’’ and inserting ‘‘report for project completion as certified by the grantee’’; and (B) in paragraph (3) by inserting ‘‘for project completion as certified by the grant-ee’’ after ‘‘final expenditure report’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to disaster or emergency assistance provided to a State or local government on or after January 1, 2004— (A) no administrative action may be taken to recover a payment of such assistance after the date of enactment of this Act if the ac-tion is prohibited under section 705(a)(1) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5205(a)(1)), as amended by subsection (a); and (B) any administrative action to recover a payment of such assistance that is pending on such date of enactment shall be termi-nated if the action is prohibited under sec-tion 705(a)(1) of that Act, as amended by sub-section (a). (2) L
IMITATION .—This section, including the amendments made by this section, may not be construed to invalidate or otherwise af-fect any administration action completed be-fore the date of enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on H.R. 1678, as amend-ed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The purpose of H.R. 1678 is to estab-lish a statute of limitations for FEMA to recover disaster assistance pay-ments. This bill would provide some fi-nality in disaster assistance, and it would minimize administrative costs. This is a bipartisan issue, and I ap-preciate my colleagues from Florida for their continued leadership on this issue. H.R. 1678 reinstates the 3-year stat-ute of limitations on FEMA’s ability to reclaim funds when there is no evi-dence of fraud, waste, or abuse. In my district, I have seen FEMA tell a community that a project is eligible for funding, allowing the town to move forward to complete a disaster recov-ery project, only to have FEMA change its mind years later and take the money back. Not only is this dev-astating to the community and to dis-aster recovery, but the administrative time and red tape involved in second- guessing is a waste of taxpayer dollars. Again, my thanks to the gentle-woman from Florida and the gen-tleman from Florida for their contin-ued work on this issue and for intro-ducing this bill. The House adopted similar language last year when it passed the FEMA Dis-aster Assistance Reform Act. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise in support of H.R. 1678, as amended. I am pleased and proud to yield such time as she may consume to the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ), the author and sponsor of this legisla-tion. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank Mr. J
OHNSON for yielding, and I also want to thank Chairmen S
HUSTER and B ARLETTA and Ranking Members D
EFAZIO and J OHNSON for their continued support. I have had the honor of working on this legislation with my friends from Florida: Congressmen D
ANWEBSTER , B
RIAN MAST, and F REDERICA WILSON . I have said this before and I am going to say it again: Florida knows hurri-canes. In 2004 and 2005, Charley, Frances, Jeanne, Wilma, and Katrina tore through our State, leaving fami-lies stranded and property damaged. I was the mayor of the city of West Palm Beach when we saw trees crash to the ground, ripping power lines and blocking flooded streets. Water sys-tems were compromised, and our local governments, around the clock, did a miraculous job cleaning debris, fixing broken infrastructure, and getting life back to normal. It takes a lot to get it done. When hurricanes strike, communities are ravaged, and so are their budgets. So I want to first thank FEMA for the funding assistance it provided Florida in a great time of need. With that said, FEMA is now asking some of our cities and counties to pay back money that was given for disaster relief projects that were approved more than 10 years ago. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.037 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3024 May 2, 2017 
There is no question that FEMA should do a responsible audit and make sure that money is used properly. How-ever, the process should not be an end-less journey into the Federal bureauc-racy. Our local governments cannot af-ford to wait an infinite number of years for FEMA to do its assessment, especially when millions of dollars are at stake. The current practice stymies our local governments’ ability to plan their future budgets, and, unlike the Federal Government, they can’t run a deficit. So this bill would make sure that the process is more evenhanded, giving FEMA adequate time to review its grant payments while allowing for the financial security of our local govern-ments. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this very good legislation, and I urge the Senate to take action. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. M
AST). Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my friend from Pennsylvania for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to rec-ognize my committee colleagues from the great State of Florida, Ms. F
RANKEL and Mr. W EBSTER , on pro-moting this important piece of legisla-tion. I am very proud to be a cosponsor of this bill. There is no question for Florida that the emergency management capabili-ties are among the best in the Nation, but some disasters are even beyond what we can handle and what we can handle in an effective and timely man-ner. Right now in our State, we are bat-tling wildfires across the State. We are on the eve of a brand-new hurricane season which happens year after year. These FEMA disaster relief programs are necessary, they are critical, and they are one of the most important re-sponsibilities of the Federal Govern-ment to help States and their citizenry recover; but, unfortunately, there is an issue going on. Many counties in south Florida are still fighting to this day with FEMA to defend the legitimacy of disaster relief aid that they received following one of the worst hurricane seasons in our State’s history, where hurricane after hurricane after hurricane crossed the shores of Florida. Mr. Speaker, victims of a disaster or a national emergency who may not even have shelter over their heads—or food or water or basic necessities— should not be victimized again by their own government just because they lack the paper trail from decades ago when they were undergoing this sort of dev-astation in their life. By reinstating a 3-year statute of limitations on the reclamation of funds, when there is no evidence of fraud, no evidence of waste, no evidence of abuse, this bill moves more of the onus for recordkeeping and combating fraud away from relief re-cipients and back to where it belongs, back on to FEMA, and during that time when it is most essential, imme-diately after the recovery process. Mr. Speaker, I think that is just common sense. Once again, I fully support this bipar-tisan bill, and I commend Chairman SHUSTER and Chairman B ARLETTA for their assistance in getting this impor-tant bill to the floor. b1400 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1678, which I rise in support of, is a bill that will clarify the existing statute of limitations for public assistance provided by the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA, to State, tribal, and local grantees. Pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act, or the Stafford Act, FEMA provides public assistance grants to State, tribal, and local governments to assist in their recovery efforts after a disaster strikes. Generally, FEMA approves the use for public assistance funds imme-diately after the disaster or while the project is being completed. This is the appropriate time to decide how a grantee should spend disaster funds. Once the project is completed, the grantee submits documentation of completion to FEMA. However, in some instances, FEMA or the inspector general has reviewed projects many years or even a decade after the grant-ee has submitted project completion documents. At times, FEMA has changed its policy determination on the appropriate use of the funds, or the inspector general has second-guessed FEMA’s decision on the appropriate use of the funds. FEMA then tries to recover project funds years later. Under this bill introduced by Con-gresswoman F
RANKEL , FEMA may still attempt to recover funds but must do so within 3 years after the project is completed. I commend Representative F
RANKEL for her commitment to ad-dress this issue. She has worked tire-lessly to bring this matter to the fore-front. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1678, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1678, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ob-ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 299; Adopting House Resolution 299, if or-dered; and Suspending the rules and passing H.R. 1679. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1180, WORKING FAMILIES FLEXIBILITY ACT OF 2017; PRO-VIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DUR-ING THE PERIOD FROM MAY 5, 2017, THROUGH MAY 15, 2017; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 299) providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1180) to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide compensatory time for employees in the private sector; pro-viding for proceedings during the pe-riod from May 5, 2017, through May 15, 2017; and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 233, nays 190, not voting 7, as follows: 
[Roll No. 240] YEAS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.040 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3025 May 2, 2017 
Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—7 
Amodei Chaffetz Davis, Danny Franks (AZ) Kelly (IL) Meng Slaughter 
b1429 Messrs. O’HALLERAN and BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. MARSHALL changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. A
LLEN ). The question is on the resolu-tion. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 231, noes 193, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 241] AYES—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—193 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.011 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3026 May 2, 2017 
Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—6 
Amodei Chaffetz Franks (AZ) Grothman Meng Slaughter 
b1437 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 241. 
f 
FEMA ACCOUNTABILITY, MOD-ERNIZATION AND TRANS-PARENCY ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1679) to ensure that the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s cur-rent efforts to modernize its grant management system includes applicant accessibility and transparency, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 419, nays 0, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 242] YEAS—419 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—11 
Amodei Chaffetz Comstock Davis, Rodney Franks (AZ) Griffith Gutie´rrez Loudermilk Meng Rush Slaughter 
b1449 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 242. 
f 
KOREAN INTERDICTION AND MOD-ERNIZATION OF SANCTIONS ACT Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1644) to enhance sanctions with respect to transactions relating to North Korea, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1644 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Korean Interdiction and Modernization of Sanctions Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. Definitions. TITLE I—SANCTIONS TO ENFORCE AND IMPLEMENT UNITED NATIONS SECU-RITY COUNCIL SANCTIONS AGAINST NORTH KOREA Sec. 101. Modification and expansion of re-quirements for the designation of persons. Sec. 102. Prohibition on indirect cor-respondent accounts. Sec. 103. Limitations on foreign assistance to noncompliant governments. Sec. 104. Amendments to enhance inspection authorities. Sec. 105. Enforcing compliance with United Nations shipping sanctions against North Korea. Sec. 106. Report on cooperation between North Korea and Iran. Sec. 107. Report on implementation of United Nations Security Coun-cil resolutions by other govern-ments. Sec. 108. Briefing on measures to deny spe-cialized financial messaging services to designated North Korean financial institutions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.012 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3027 May 2, 2017 
TITLE II—SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES BY THE GOV-ERNMENT OF NORTH KOREA Sec. 201. Sanctions for forced labor and slav-ery overseas of North Koreans. Sec. 202. Modifications to sanctions suspen-sion and waiver authorities. Sec. 203. Reward for informants. Sec. 204. Determination on designation of North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism. TITLE III—GENERAL AUTHORITIES Sec. 301. Authority to consolidate reports. Sec. 302. Rule of construction. Sec. 303. Regulatory authority. Sec. 304. Limitation on funds. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO DEFINITIONS IN THE  N
ORTH KOREA SANCTIONS AND POLICY EN-
HANCEMENT ACT OF 2016.— (1) A
PPLICABLE EXECUTIVE ORDER .—Section 3(1)(A) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9202(1)(A)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘or Executive Order 13694’’ and inserting ‘‘Executive Order 13694’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or Executive Order 13722 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking the property of the Government of North Korea and the Workers’ Party of Korea, and Pro-hibiting Certain Transactions With Respect to North Korea),’’ before ‘‘to the extent’’. (2) A
PPLICABLE UNITED NATIONS SECURITY  
COUNCIL RESOLUTION .—Section 3(2)(A) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhance-ment Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9202(2)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘or 2094 (2013)’’ and in-serting ‘‘2094 (2013), 2270 (2016), or 2321 (2016)’’. (3) F
OREIGN PERSON .—Section 3 of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhance-ment Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9202) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (14) as paragraphs (6) through (15), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (4) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘foreign person’ means— ‘‘(A) an individual who is not a United States citizen or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence to the United States; or ‘‘(B) an entity that is not a United States person.’’. (4) L
UXURY GOODS .—Paragraph (9) of sec-tion 3 of the North Korea Sanctions and Pol-icy Enhancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9202), as redesignated by paragraph (3) of this sub-section, is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) also includes any items so designated under an applicable United Nations Security Council resolution.’’. (5) N
ORTH KOREAN PERSON .—Section 3 of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhance-ment Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9202), as amended by paragraph (3) of this subsection, is further amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (13) through (15) as paragraphs (14) through (16), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (12) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) N
ORTH KOREAN PERSON .—The term ‘North Korean person’ means— ‘‘(A) a North Korean citizen or national; or ‘‘(B) an entity owned or controlled by the Government of North Korea or by a North Korean citizen or national.’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS FOR PURPOSES OF THIS A
CT.—In this Act: (1) A
PPLICABLE UNITED NATIONS SECURITY  
COUNCIL RESOLUTION ; LUXURY GOODS .—The terms ‘‘applicable United Nations Security Council resolution’’ and ‘‘luxury goods’’ have the meanings given those terms, respec-tively, in section 3 of the North Korea Sanc-tions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9202), as amended by subsection (a). (2) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES; GOVERNMENT OF NORTH KOREA ; UNITED  
STATES PERSON .—The terms ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’, ‘‘Government of North Korea’’, and ‘‘United States person’’ have the meanings given those terms, respec-tively, in section 3 of the North Korea Sanc-tions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9202). (3) F
OREIGN PERSON ; NORTH KOREAN PER -
SON.—The terms ‘‘foreign person’’ and ‘‘North Korean person’’ have the meanings given those terms, respectively, in paragraph (5) and paragraph (13) of section 3 of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhance-ment Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9202(5) and 9202(13)), as added by subsection (a). (4) P
ROHIBITED WEAPONS PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘prohibited weapons program’’ means— (A) any program related to the develop-ment of nuclear, chemical, or biological weapons, and their means of delivery, includ-ing ballistic missiles; and (B) any program to develop related mate-rials with respect to a program described in subparagraph (A). TITLE I—SANCTIONS TO ENFORCE AND IMPLEMENT UNITED NATIONS SECU-RITY COUNCIL SANCTIONS AGAINST NORTH KOREA 
SEC. 101. MODIFICATION AND EXPANSION OF RE-QUIREMENTS FOR THE DESIGNA-TION OF PERSONS. 
(a) E XPANSION OF MANDATORY DESIGNA -
TIONS .—Section 104(a) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9214(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting ‘‘or any defense article or defense service (as such terms are defined in section 47 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2794));’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (10) as para-graph (15); (3) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(10) knowingly, directly or indirectly, purchases or otherwise acquires from North Korea any significant amounts of gold, tita-nium ore, vanadium ore, copper, silver, nick-el, zinc, or rare earth minerals; ‘‘(11) knowingly, directly or indirectly, sells or transfers to North Korea any signifi-cant amounts of rocket, aviation, or jet fuel (except for use by a civilian passenger air-craft outside North Korea, exclusively for consumption during its flight to North Korea or its return flight); ‘‘(12) knowingly, directly or indirectly, provides significant amounts of fuel or sup-plies, provides bunkering services, or facili-tates a significant transaction or trans-actions to operate or maintain, a vessel or aircraft that is designated under an applica-ble Executive order or an applicable United Nations Security Council resolution, or that is owned or controlled by a person des-ignated under an applicable Executive order or applicable United Nations Security Coun-cil resolution; ‘‘(13) knowingly, directly or indirectly, in-sures, registers, facilitates the registration of, or maintains insurance or a registration for, a vessel owned or controlled by the Gov-ernment of North Korea, except as specifi-cally approved by the United Nations Secu-rity Council; ‘‘(14) knowingly, directly or indirectly, maintains a correspondent account (as de-fined in section 201A(d)(1)) with any North Korean financial institution, except as spe-cifically approved by the United Nations Se-curity Council; or’’; and (4) in paragraph (15), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘(9)’’ and inserting ‘‘(14)’’. (b) EXPANSION OF ADDITIONAL DISCRE -
TIONARY DESIGNATIONS .—Section 104(b)(1) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy En-hancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9214(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘pur-suant to an applicable United Nations Secu-rity Council resolution;’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘pursuant to— ‘‘(i) an applicable United Nations Security Council resolution; ‘‘(ii) any regulation promulgated under section 404; or ‘‘(iii) any applicable Executive order;’’; (2) in subparagraph (B)(iii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (3) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (4) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(D) knowingly, directly or indirectly, pur-chased or otherwise acquired from the Gov-ernment of North Korea significant quan-tities of coal, iron, or iron ore, in excess of the limitations provided in applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions; ‘‘(E) knowingly, directly or indirectly, pur-chased or otherwise acquired significant types or amounts of textiles from the Gov-ernment of North Korea; ‘‘(F) knowingly facilitated a significant transfer of funds or property of the Govern-ment of North Korea that materially con-tributes to any violation of an applicable United National Security Council resolution; ‘‘(G) knowingly, directly or indirectly, fa-cilitated a significant transfer to or from the Government of North Korea of bulk cash, precious metals, gemstones, or other stores of value not described under subsection (a)(10); ‘‘(H) knowingly, directly or indirectly, sold, transferred, or otherwise provided sig-nificant amounts of crude oil, condensates, refined petroleum, other types of petroleum or petroleum byproducts, liquified natural gas, or other natural gas resources to the Government of North Korea (except for heavy fuel oil, gasoline, or diesel fuel for hu-manitarian use or as excepted under sub-section (a)(11)); ‘‘(I) knowingly, directly or indirectly, en-gaged in, facilitated, or was responsible for the online commercial activities of the Gov-ernment of North Korea, including online gambling; ‘‘(J) knowingly, directly or indirectly, pur-chased or otherwise acquired fishing rights from the Government of North Korea; ‘‘(K) knowingly, directly or indirectly, pro-vided significant telephonic, telegraphic, telecommunications or other data services, in whole or in part, into or out of North Korea, in excess of services needed for hu-manitarian or diplomatic purposes (other than services that are excepted under section 203(b)(1) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702(b)(1))); ‘‘(L) knowingly, directly or indirectly, pur-chased or otherwise acquired significant types or amounts of food or agricultural products from the Government of North Korea; ‘‘(M) knowingly, directly or indirectly, en-gaged in, facilitated, or was responsible for the exportation of workers from North Korea in a manner intended to generate significant revenue, directly or indirectly, for use by the Government of North Korea or by the Work-ers’ Party of Korea; ‘‘(N) knowingly conducted a significant transaction or transactions in North Korea’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.016 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3028 May 2, 2017 
transportation, mining, energy, or financial services industries; or ‘‘(O) except as specifically approved by the United Nations Security Council, and other than through a correspondent account as de-scribed in subsection (a)(14), knowingly fa-cilitated the operation of any branch, sub-sidiary, or office of a North Korean financial institution.’’. (c) M
ANDATORY AND DISCRETIONARY ASSET B
LOCKING .—Section 104(c) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9214(c)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘of a designated person’’ and inserting ‘‘of a person designated under subsection (a)’’; (2) by striking ‘‘The President’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) M
ANDATORY ASSET BLOCKING .—The President’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) D
ISCRETIONARY ASSET BLOCKING .—The President may also exercise such powers, in the same manner and to the same extent de-scribed in paragraph (1), with respect to a person designated under subsection (b).’’. (d) D
ESIGNATION OF ADDITIONAL PERSONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appro-priate congressional committees a report in-cluding a determination as to whether rea-sonable grounds exist, and an explanation of the reasons for any determination that such grounds do not exist, to designate, pursuant to section 104 of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9214), as amended by this section, each of the following: (A) The Korea Shipowners’ Protection and Indemnity Association, a North Korean in-surance company, with respect to facili-tating imports, exports, and reexports of arms and related materiel to and from North Korea, or for other activities prohibited by such section 104. (B) Chinpo Shipping Company (Private) Limited, a Singapore corporation, with re-spect to facilitating imports, exports, and re-exports of arms and related materiel to and from North Korea. (C) The Central Bank of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, with respect to the sale of gold to, the receipt of gold from, or the import or export of gold by the Gov-ernment of North Korea. (D) Kumgang Economic Development Cor-poration (KKG), with respect to being an en-tity controlled by Bureau 39 of the Workers’ Party of the Government of North Korea. (E) Sam Pa, also known as Xu Jinghua, Xu Songhua, Sa Muxu, Samo, Sampa, or Sam King, and any entities owned or controlled by such individual, with respect to trans-actions with KKG. (F) The Chamber of Commerce of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, with respect to the exportation of workers in vio-lation of section 104(a)(5) or of section 104(b)(1)(M) of such Act, as amended by sub-section (b) of this section. (2) F
ORM.—The report submitted under paragraph (1) may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 102. PROHIBITION ON INDIRECT COR-RESPONDENT ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title II of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9221 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 201 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 201A. PROHIBITION ON INDIRECT COR-RESPONDENT ACCOUNTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), if a United States financial institution has or obtains knowledge that a correspondent account established, main-tained, administered, or managed by that in-stitution for a foreign financial institution is being used by the foreign financial institu-tion to provide significant financial services indirectly to any person, foreign govern-ment, or financial institution designated under section 104, the United States finan-cial institution shall ensure that such cor-respondent account is no longer used to pro-vide such services. ‘‘(b) EXCEPTION .—A United States financial institution is authorized to process transfers of funds to or from North Korea, or for the direct or indirect benefit of any person, for-eign government, or financial institution that is designated under section 104, only if the transfer— ‘‘(1) arises from, and is ordinarily incident and necessary to give effect to, an under-lying transaction that has been authorized by a specific or general license issued by the Secretary of the Treasury; and ‘‘(2) does not involve debiting or crediting a North Korean account. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
ORRESPONDENT ACCOUNT .—The term ‘correspondent account’ has the meaning given that term in section 5318A of title 31, United States Code. ‘‘(2) U
NITED STATES FINANCIAL INSTITU -
TION.—The term ‘United States financial in-stitution’ means has the meaning given that term in section 510.310 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this section. ‘‘(3) F
OREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘foreign financial institution’ has the meaning given that term in section 1010.605 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 201 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 201A. Prohibition on indirect cor-respondent accounts.’’. 
SEC. 103. LIMITATIONS ON FOREIGN ASSISTANCE TO NONCOMPLIANT GOVERNMENTS. 
Section 203 of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9223) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘T
RANS -
ACTIONS IN LETHAL MILITARY EQUIPMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘T
RANSACTIONS IN DEFENSE AR-
TICLES OR DEFENSE SERVICES ’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘that pro-vides lethal military equipment to the Gov-ernment of North Korea’’ and inserting ‘‘that provides to or receives from the Government of North Korea a defense article or defense service, as such terms are defined in section 47 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2794), if the President determines that a sig-nificant type or amount of such article or service has been so provided or received’’; and (C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘1 year’’ and inserting ‘‘2 years’’; (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘or emer-gency’’ and inserting ‘‘maternal and child health, disease prevention and response, or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) R
EPORT ON ARMSTRAFFICKING INVOLV -
INGNORTH KOREA .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sub-section, and annually thereafter for 5 years, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a re-port that specifically describes the compli-ance of foreign countries and other foreign jurisdictions with the requirement to curtail the trade described in subsection (b)(1). ‘‘(2) FORM.—The report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form but may contain a classified annex.’’. 
SEC. 104. AMENDMENTS TO ENHANCE INSPEC-TION AUTHORITIES. 
Title II of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9221 et seq.), as amended by section 102 of this Act, is further amended by striking sec-tion 205 and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 205. ENHANCED INSPECTION AUTHORITIES. 
‘‘(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, and annually thereafter for 5 years, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report— ‘‘(A) identifying the operators of foreign sea ports and airports that knowingly— ‘‘(i) significantly fail to implement or en-force regulations to inspect ships, aircraft, cargo, or conveyances in transit to or from North Korea, as required by applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions; ‘‘(ii) facilitate the transfer, transshipment, or conveyance of significant types or quan-tities of cargo, vessels, or aircraft owned or controlled by persons designated under ap-plicable United Nations Security Council resolutions; or ‘‘(iii) facilitate any of the activities de-scribed in section 104(a); ‘‘(B) describing the extent to which the re-quirements of applicable United Nations Se-curity Council resolutions to de-register any vessel owned, controlled, or operated by or on behalf of the Government of North Korea have been implemented by other foreign countries; ‘‘(C) describing the compliance of the Is-lamic Republic of Iran with the sanctions mandated in applicable United Nations Secu-rity Council resolutions; ‘‘(D) identifying vessels, aircraft, and con-veyances owned or controlled by the Recon-naissance General Bureau of the Workers’ Party of Korea; and ‘‘(E) describing the diplomatic and enforce-ment efforts by the President to secure the full implementation of the applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions, as de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (C). ‘‘(2) F
ORM.—The report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form but may contain a classified annex. ‘‘(b) S
PECIFIC FINDINGS .—Each report re-quired under subsection (a) shall include spe-cific findings with respect to the following ports and airports: ‘‘(1) The ports of Dandong, Dalian, and any other port in the People’s Republic of China that the President deems appropriate. ‘‘(2) The ports of Abadan, Bandar-e-Abbas, Chabahar, Bandar-e-Khomeini, Bushehr Port, Asaluyeh Port, Kish, Kharg Island, Bandar-e-Lenge, and Khorramshahr, and Tehran Imam Khomeini International Air-port, in the Islamic Republic of Iran. ‘‘(3) The ports of Nakhodka, Vanino, and Vladivostok, in the Russian Federation. ‘‘(4) The ports of Latakia, Banias, and Tartous, and Damascus International Air-port, in the Syrian Arab Republic. ‘‘(c) E
NHANCED SECURITY TARGETING RE-
QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity may, using a layered approach, re-quire enhanced screening procedures to de-termine whether physical inspections are warranted of any cargo bound for or landed in the United States that— ‘‘(A) has been transported through a sea port or airport the operator of which has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.016 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3029 May 2, 2017 
been identified by the President in accord-ance with subsection (a)(1) as having repeat-edly failed to comply with applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions; ‘‘(B) is aboard a vessel or aircraft, or with-in a conveyance that has, within the last 365 days, entered the territory or waters of North Korea, or landed in any of the sea ports or airports of North Korea; or ‘‘(C) is registered by a country or jurisdic-tion whose compliance has been identified by the President as deficient pursuant to sub-section (a)(2). ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR FOOD , MEDICINE , AND 
HUMANITARIAN SHIPMENTS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any vessel, aircraft, or conveyance that has entered the territory or waters of North Korea, or landed in any of the sea ports or airports of North Korea, ex-clusively for the purposes described in sec-tion 208(b)(3)(B), or to import food, medicine, or supplies into North Korea to meet the hu-manitarian needs of the North Korean peo-ple. ‘‘(d) S
EIZURE AND FORFEITURE .—A vessel, aircraft, or conveyance used to facilitate any of the activities described in section 104(a) under the jurisdiction of the United States may be seized and forfeited, or subject to for-feiture, under— ‘‘(1) chapter 46 of title 18, United States Code; or ‘‘(2) part V of title IV of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1581 et seq.).’’. 
SEC. 105. ENFORCING COMPLIANCE WITH UNITED NATIONS SHIPPING SANC-TIONS AGAINST NORTH KOREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1221 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: 
‘‘SEC. 16. PROHIBITION ON ENTRY AND OPER-ATION. 
‘‘(a) P ROHIBITION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this section, no vessel described in subsection (b) may enter or operate in the navigable waters of the United States or transfer cargo in any port or place under the jurisdiction of the United States. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS ON APPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The prohibition under paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to— ‘‘(i) a vessel described in subsection (b)(1), if the Secretary of State determines that— ‘‘(I) the vessel is owned or operated by or on behalf of a country the government of which the Secretary of State determines is closely cooperating with the United States with respect to implementing the applicable United Nations Security Council resolutions (as such term is defined in section 3 of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhance-ment Act of 2016); or ‘‘(II) it is in the national security interest not to apply the prohibition to such vessel; or ‘‘(ii) a vessel described in subsection (b)(2), if the Secretary of State determines that the vessel is no longer registered as described in that subsection. ‘‘(B) N
OTICE .—Not later than 15 days after making a determination under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate written notice of the determination and the basis upon which the determination was made. ‘‘(C) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary of State shall publish a notice in the Federal Register of each determination made under subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(b) VESSELS DESCRIBED .—A vessel referred to in subsection (a) is a foreign vessel for which a notice of arrival is required to be filed under section 4(a)(5), and that— ‘‘(1) is on the most recent list of vessels published in Federal Register under sub-section (c)(2); or ‘‘(2) more than 180 days after the publica-tion of such list, is knowingly registered, pursuant to the 1958 Convention on the High Seas entered into force on September 30, 1962, by a government the agents or instru-mentalities of which are maintaining a reg-istration of a vessel that is included on such list. ‘‘(c) I
NFORMATION AND PUBLICATION .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of State, shall— ‘‘(1) maintain timely information on the registrations of all foreign vessels over 300 gross tons that are known to be— ‘‘(A) owned or operated by or on behalf of the Government of North Korea or a North Korean person; ‘‘(B) owned or operated by or on behalf of any country in which a sea port is located, the operator of which the President has iden-tified in the most recent report submitted under section 205(a)(1)(A) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016; or ‘‘(C) owned or operated by or on behalf of any country identified by the President as a country that has not complied with the ap-plicable United Nations Security Council resolutions (as such term is defined in sec-tion 3 of such Act); and ‘‘(2) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, and periodi-cally thereafter, publish in the Federal Reg-ister a list of the vessels described in para-graph (1). ‘‘(d) N
OTIFICATION OF GOVERNMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall notify each government, the agents or instrumentalities of which are maintaining a registration of a foreign vessel that is in-cluded on a list published under subsection (c)(2), not later than 30 days after such publi-cation, that all vessels registered under such government’s authority are subject to sub-section (a). ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL NOTIFICATION .—In the case of a government that continues to maintain a registration for a vessel that is included on such list after receiving an initial notifica-tion under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall issue an additional notification to such gov-ernment not later than 120 days after the publication of a list under subsection (c)(2). ‘‘(e) N
OTIFICATION OF VESSELS .—Upon re- ceiving a notice of arrival under section 4(a)(5) from a vessel described in subsection (b), the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall no-tify the master of such vessel that the vessel may not enter or operate in the navigable waters of the United States or transfer cargo in any port or place under the jurisdiction of the United States, unless— ‘‘(1) the Secretary of State has made a de-termination under subsection (a)(2); or ‘‘(2) the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating allows provisional entry of the vessel, or transfer of cargo from the vessel, under subsection (f). ‘‘(f) P
ROVISIONAL ENTRY OR CARGO TRANS -
FER.—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, the Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating may allow provisional entry of, or transfer of cargo from, a vessel, if such entry or transfer is necessary for the safety of the vessel or persons aboard. ‘‘(g) R
IGHT OF INNOCENT PASSAGE AND  R
IGHT OF TRANSIT PASSAGE .—This section shall not be construed as authority to re-strict the right of innocent passage or the right of transit passage as recognized under international law. ‘‘(h) FOREIGN VESSEL DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘foreign vessel’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 110 of title 46, United States Code.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
PECIAL POWERS .—Section 4(b)(2) of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1223(b)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or 16’’ after ‘‘section 9’’. (2) D
ENIAL OF ENTRY .—Section 13(e) of the Ports and Waterways Safety Act (33 U.S.C. 1232(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 9’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9 or 16’’. 
SEC. 106. REPORT ON COOPERATION BETWEEN NORTH KOREA AND IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 5 years, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that in-cludes— (1) an assessment of the extent of coopera-tion (including through the transfer of goods, services, technology, or intellectual property) between North Korea and Iran re-lating to their respective nuclear, ballistic missile development, chemical or biological weapons development, or conventional weap-ons programs; (2) the names of any Iranian or North Ko-rean persons that have knowingly engaged in or directed— (A) the provision of material support to such programs; or (B) the exchange of information between North Korea and Iran with respect to such programs; (3) the names of any other foreign persons that have facilitated the activities described in paragraph (1); and (4) a determination whether any of the ac-tivities described in paragraphs (1) and (2) violate United Nations Security Council Res-olution 2231 (2015). (b) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 107. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF UNITED NATIONS SECURITY COUN-CIL RESOLUTIONS BY OTHER GOV-ERNMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 5 years, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that eval-uates the degree to which the governments of other countries have knowingly failed to— (1) close the representative offices of per-sons designated under applicable United Na-tions Security Council resolutions; (2) expel any North Korean nationals, in-cluding diplomats, working on behalf of such persons; (3) prohibit the opening of new branches, subsidiaries, or representative offices of North Korean financial institutions within the jurisdictions of such governments; or (4) expel any representatives of North Ko-rean financial institutions. (b) F
ORM.—The report required under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 108. BRIEFING ON MEASURES TO DENY SPE-CIALIZED FINANCIAL MESSAGING SERVICES TO DESIGNATED NORTH KOREAN FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter for 5 years, the President shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing that in-cludes the following information: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.016 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3030 May 2, 2017 
(1) A list of each person or foreign govern-ment the President has identified that di-rectly provides specialized financial mes-saging services to, or enables or facilitates direct or indirect access to such messaging services for— (A) any North Korean financial institution (as such term is defined in section 3 of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhance-ment Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9202)) designated under an applicable United Nations Security Council resolution; or (B) any other North Korean person, on be-half of such a North Korean financial insti-tution. (2) A detailed assessment of the status of efforts by the Secretary of the Treasury to work with the relevant authorities in the home jurisdictions of such specialized finan-cial messaging providers to end such provi-sion or access. (b) F
ORM.—The briefing required under subsection (a) may be classified. TITLE II—SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO HUMAN RIGHTS ABUSES BY THE GOV-ERNMENT OF NORTH KOREA 
SEC. 201. SANCTIONS FOR FORCED LABOR AND SLAVERY OVERSEAS OF NORTH KO-REANS. 
(a) S ANCTIONS FOR TRAFFICKING IN PER-
SONS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 302(b) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhance-ment Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9241(b)) is amend-ed— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) a list of foreign persons that know-ingly employ North Korean laborers, as de-scribed in section 104(b)(1)(M).’’. (2) A
DDITIONAL DETERMINATIONS ; RE-
PORTS .—With respect to any country identi-fied in section 302(b)(2) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9241(b)(2)), as amended by paragraph (1), the report required under sec-tion 302(a) of such Act shall— (A) include a determination whether each person identified in section 302(b)(3) of such Act (as amended by paragraph (1)) who is a national or a citizen of such identified coun-try meets the criteria for sanctions under— (i) section 111 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7108) (relat-ing to the prevention of trafficking in per-sons); or (ii) section 104(a) or 104(b)(1) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9214(a)), as amended by section 101 of this Act; (B) be included in the report required under section 110(b) of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7107(b)) (relating to the annual report on trafficking in persons); and (C) be considered in any determination that the government of such country has made serious and sustained efforts to elimi-nate severe forms of trafficking in persons, as such term is defined for purposes of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. (b) S
ANCTIONS ON FOREIGN PERSONS THAT E
MPLOY NORTH KOREAN LABOR .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Title III of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9241 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 302 the following new sections: 
‘‘SEC. 302A. REBUTTABLE PRESUMPTION APPLI-CABLE TO GOODS MADE WITH NORTH KOREAN LABOR. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), any significant goods, wares, articles, and merchandise mined, produced, or manufactured wholly or in part by the labor of North Korean nationals or citizens shall be deemed to be prohibited under sec-tion 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307) and shall not be entitled to entry at any of the ports of the United States. ‘‘(b) EXCEPTION .—The prohibition described in subsection (a) shall not apply if the Com-missioner of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection finds, by clear and convincing evi-dence, that the goods, wares, articles, or merchandise described in such paragraph were not produced with convict labor, forced labor, or indentured labor under penal sanc-tions. 
‘‘SEC. 302B. SANCTIONS ON FOREIGN PERSONS EMPLOYING NORTH KOREAN LABOR. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (c), the President shall designate any person identified under section 302(b)(3) for the imposition of sanctions under sub-section (b). ‘‘(b) I
MPOSITION OF SANCTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall im-pose the sanctions described in paragraph (2) with respect to any person designated under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) S
ANCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The sanctions described in this paragraph are sanctions pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) to block and prohibit all transactions in property and interests in property of a per-son designated under subsection (a), if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A person may not be des-ignated under subsection (a) if the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the President has received reliable assurances from such person that— ‘‘(A) the employment of North Korean la-borers does not result in the direct or indi-rect transfer of convertible currency, luxury goods, or other stores of value to the Govern-ment of North Korea; ‘‘(B) all wages and benefits are provided di-rectly to the laborers, and are held, as appli-cable, in accounts within the jurisdiction in which they reside in locally denominated currency; and ‘‘(C) the laborers are subject to working conditions consistent with international standards. ‘‘(2) R
ECERTIFICATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the President transmits to the appropriate congressional committees an initial certification under paragraph (1), and every 180 days thereafter, the President shall— ‘‘(A) transmit a recertification stating that the conditions described in such para-graph continue to be met; or ‘‘(B) if such recertification cannot be transmitted, impose the sanctions described in subsection (b) beginning on the date on which the President determines that such re-certification cannot be transmitted.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 302 the following new items: ‘‘Sec. 302A. Rebuttable presumption applica-ble to goods made with North Korean labor. ‘‘Sec. 302B. Sanctions on foreign persons em-ploying North Korean labor.’’. 
SEC. 202. MODIFICATIONS TO SANCTIONS SUS-PENSION AND WAIVER AUTHORI-TIES. 
(a) E XEMPTIONS .—Section 208(a) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhance-ment Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9228(a)) is amend-ed in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (1) by inserting ‘‘201A,’’ after ‘‘104,’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘302A, 302B,’’ after ‘‘209,’’. (b) HUMANITARIAN WAIVER .—Section 208(b) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy En-hancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9228(b)(1)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘201A,’’ after ‘‘104,’’ in each place it appears; and (2) by inserting ‘‘302A, 302B,’’ after ‘‘209(b),’’ in each place it appears. (c) W
AIVER .—Section 208(c) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9228(c)) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (1) by inserting ‘‘201A,’’ after ‘‘104,’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘302A, 302B,’’ after ‘‘209(b),’’. 
SEC. 203. REWARD FOR INFORMANTS. 
Section 36(b) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(b)), is amended— (1) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (10), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(11) the identification or location of any person who, while acting at the direction of or under the control of a foreign govern-ment, aids or abets a violation of section 1030 of title 18, United States Code; or ‘‘(12) the disruption of financial mecha-nisms of any person who has engaged in the conduct described in sections 104(a) or 104(b)(1) of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 2914(a) or (b)(1)).’’. 
SEC. 204. DETERMINATION ON DESIGNATION OF NORTH KOREA AS A STATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM. 
(a) D ETERMINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a de-termination whether North Korea meets the criteria for designation as a state sponsor of terrorism. (2) F
ORM.—The determination required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form but may include a classified annex, if appropriate. (b) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM DE-
FINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism’’ means a country the government of which the Sec-retary of State has determined, for purposes of section 6(j) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)) (as in effect pur-suant to the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act), section 620A of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371), section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780), or any other provision of law, is a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism. TITLE III—GENERAL AUTHORITIES 
SEC. 301. AUTHORITY TO CONSOLIDATE RE-PORTS. 
Any reports required to be submitted to the appropriate congressional committees under this Act or any amendment made by this Act that are subject to deadlines for submission consisting of similar units of time may be consolidated into a single re-port that is submitted to appropriate con-gressional committees pursuant to the ear-lier of such deadlines. The consolidated re-ports must contain all information required under this Act or any amendment made by this Act, in addition to all other elements mandated by previous law. 
SEC. 302. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to limit— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.016 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3031 May 2, 2017 
(1) the authority or obligation of the Presi-dent to apply the sanctions described in sec-tion 104 of the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act of 2016 (22 U.S.C. 9214), as amended by section 101 of this Act, with regard to persons who meet the criteria for designation under such section, or in any other provision of law; or (2) the authorities of the President pursu-ant to the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). 
SEC. 303. REGULATORY AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall, not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, promulgate regulations as necessary for the implementation of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. (b) N
OTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—Not fewer than 10 days before the promulgation of a regulation under subsection (a), the Presi-dent shall notify and provide to the appro-priate congressional committees the pro-posed regulation, specifying the provisions of this Act or the amendments made by this Act that the regulation is implementing. 
SEC. 304. LIMITATION ON FUNDS. 
No additional funds are authorized to carry out the requirements of this Act or of the amendments made by this Act. Such require-ments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this measure in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1644, the Korean Interdiction and Mod-ernization of Sanctions Act. I want to begin by thanking the co-author of this bill, Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL , for his work on this legis-lation and for his steadfast leadership that he has shown on addressing this threat to national security. He has been in North Korea twice—I have been there once—and he has been focused on this for a long time. Mr. Speaker, North Korea does, in fact, pose an immediate threat to the national security of the United States and to our allies. Experts believe that, in less than 4 years, North Korea will have the ability probably to target the United States with a reliable inter-continental ballistic missile, one topped by a nuclear warhead. The quick speed with which North Korea’s program is advancing is a game changer for our national security. It is no wonder that former President Obama warned President Trump that North Korea would be the top threat to the United States—and this is after the program of strategic patience which President Obama deployed. That policy of strategic patience, unfortunately, has not worked out. We must move for-ward with something based on a plan that has worked in the past. North Korea, now that they have conducted two nuclear weapons tests this last year and launched a total of 26 ballistic missiles, including one from a submarine, has reached the point where it is a threat to the United States. In the last 2 years alone, we have seen 49 of these tests of one kind or another as they have built out this program. Alarmingly, with every test, North Korea gains valuable technical knowl-edge that has enabled it to make sig-nificant improvements to its devel-oping arsenal. So as they march to-wards the day that it will have the ca-pability of striking all 50 States with an ICBM, we have been reminded by our Chairman of the Joint Chiefs that the ‘‘I’’ in that acronym stands for ‘‘intercontinental,’’ and he says: as from that continent to this continent. More immediately, these missiles gravely threaten our allies in South Korea and Japan, and it is a threat to the tens of thousands of U.S. service-men serving in those countries. North Korea has been a major proliferator, cooperating on its nuclear and missile programs with the likes of Iran, of Syria, and of Pakistan. I will remind the Members that they built a carbon copy of their nuclear program in Syria on the banks of the Euphrates River. Had it not been—had it not been—for the Israeli Defense Forces taking that facility out some years ago, we would be wrestling right now with the question of whether that facil-ity was in the hands of al-Nusra or in the hands of ISIS or in the hands of Hezbollah. They are undermining U.S. security along with the entire global counterproliferation system, so we can only guess the extent of the damage that is being done through illicit, unde-tected networks. Mr. Speaker, Congress has a chance to put North Korea policy on firmer ground, and this bill, this Korean Interdiction and Modernization of Sanctions Act, is a response to this im-mediate threat. It builds upon the North Korea Sanctions and Policy En-hancement Act, which was a bill au-thored by Mr. E
NGEL and myself that was signed into law last Congress. With this law, the United States designated North Korea as a primary money laun-dering concern, cutting off their access to cash, and found Kim Jong-un and his top lieutenants responsible for grave human rights abuses. Indeed, the mag-azine The Economist accurately de-scribed North Korea as a gulag now masquerading as a country. But at the same time, North Korea has worked over the past year to evade international sanctions with the help of a vast network of front companies, which we have now identified, and those front companies work with gov-ernments spanning the globe. Those who do business with North Korea pro-vide it with money to fund the regime’s nuclear program and fund its grotesque human rights abuses, and they must be stopped. This bill does that by expanding sanctions to deter North Korea’s nu-clear programs and to enforce United Nations Security Council resolutions. Let’s be clear: these are international commitments that all nations are obliged to honor, including China. It targets those who employ North Korean slave labor overseas. Compa-nies from Senegal to Qatar to Angola import these North Korean workers who promptly send their salary back to the regime in North Korea, earning the regime billions of dollars in hard cur-rency each year. This is money that Kim Jong-un uses to advance his nuclear and missile pro-gram and also pay his generals, buying their loyalty to his brutal regime. That is what the high-level defectors that I have met with say. So let’s squeeze his purse. It cracks down on North Korean ship-ping and the use of international ports, restricting the regime’s ability to ship weapons and other banned goods. When we discover that foreign banks have helped Kim Jong-un skirt these sanctions, as some in China have re-peatedly done, then we must give those banks and businesses a stark choice: to do business with that regime in North Korea or the United States. As we have heard from the new administration, this is a key focus of theirs. So, Mr. Speaker, this legislation gives the administration powerful new tools to protect the U.S. and our allies from the threat of North Korean nu-clear missiles by going after those who enable the regime’s aggression. This shows the world that Congress stands ready to help the administration work with our allies and others to counter North Korea’s belligerent behavior and maintain peace and stability in North-east Asia. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 1644, and I reserve the balance of my time. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOV-
ERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, April 24, 2017. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR MR, CHAIRMAN : I write concerning H.R. 1644, the Korean Interdiction and Mod-ernization of Sanctions Act. As you know, the Committee on Foreign Affairs received an original referral and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform a sec-ondary referral when the bill was introduced on March 21, 2017. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expedi-tious manner, and accordingly, the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform will forego action on the bill. The Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by foregoing con-sideration of H.R. 1644 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion. Further, I request your support for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.016 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3032 May 2, 2017 
appointment of conferees from the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform during any House-Senate conference con-vened on this or related legislation. Finally, I would ask that a copy of our ex-change of letters on this matter be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, as well as in the Congres-sional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. Sincerely, J
ASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, April 24, 2017. Hon. J
ASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1644, the Korean Inter-diction and Modernization of Sanctions Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this resolution or similar legisla-tion in the future. I would support your ef-fort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legisla-tion. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 1644 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the resolution. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work to-gether as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, April 25, 2017. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing with respect to H.R. 1644, the ‘‘Korean Interdic-tion and Modernization of Sanctions Act,’’ on with the Committee on Ways and Means was granted an additional referral. In order to allow H.R. 1644 to move expedi-tiously to the House floor, I agree to waive formal consideration of this bill. The Com-mittee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and the Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. The Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any House-Senate conference involving this or similar legislation, and requests your sup-port for such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation of H.R. 1644. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, April 24, 2017. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for con-sulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1644, the Korean Inter-diction and Modernization of Sanctions Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this resolution or similar legisla-tion in the future. I would support your ef-fort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legisla-tion. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 1644 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the resolution. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work to-gether as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, April 26, 2017. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing con-cerning H.R. 1644, the Korean Interdiction and Modernization of Sanctions Act. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee on Financial Services con-cerning provisions in the bill that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction, I agree to forgo ac-tion on the bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House Floor. The Committee on Financial Services takes this action with our mutual understanding that, by foregoing consideration of H.R. 1644 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion, and that our Committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our Rule X jurisdiction. Our Com-mittee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and re-quests your support for any such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 1644 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. Sincerely, J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, April 26, 2017. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, Committee on Financial Services, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN HENSARLING : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1644, the Ko-rean Interdiction and Modernization of Sanc-tions Act, so that the bill may proceed expe-ditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 1644 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, April 27, 2017. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write with re-spect to H.R. 1644, the ‘‘Korean Interdiction and Modernization of Sanctions Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 1644 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consider-ation of this bill so that it may proceed expe-ditiously to the House floor for consider-ation. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 1644 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 1644 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 1644. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, April 26, 2017. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1644, the Ko-rean Interdiction and Modernization of Sanc-tions Act, so that the bill may proceed expe-ditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 1644 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the measure. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.027 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3033 May 2, 2017 
and look forward to continuing to work to-gether as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COM-
MITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , Washington, DC, April 26, 2017. Hon. E
DROYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write concerning H.R. 1644, the ‘‘Korean Interdiction and Mod-ernization of Sanctions Act.’’ This legisla-tion includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. In order to expedite Floor consideration of H.R. 1644, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mu-tual understanding that forgoing consider-ation of the bill does not prejudice the Com-mittee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall With-in the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. I re-quest you urge the Speaker to name mem-bers of the Committee to any conference committee named to consider such provi-sions. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest into the committee report on H.R. 1644 and in the Congressional Record during House Floor consideration of the bill. Thank you for working with us on this bill, and I look forward to working with the Committee on Foreign Affairs as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, April 26, 2017. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for con-sulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 1644, the Korean Inter-diction and Modernization of Sanctions Act, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 1644 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work together as this measure moves through the legisla-tive process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
b1500 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this legislation, and let me start by thanking our chairman on the Foreign Affairs Committee, EDROYCE from California. His personal commitment to this important issue is reflected by his long track record and leadership in crafting the legislation before us today. We have had innumerable talks about North Korea and the threat through the years. E
DROYCE has al-ways been there at the forefront in this very important issue. I am proud to be the lead Democratic cosponsor of the bill. We stand on the floor today speaking in a unified, bi-partisan voice about the threat that North Korea and the Kim regime pose to the United States, to our friend and allies, and to peace and stability across the globe. Already, Mr. Speaker, North Korea poses a potentially catastrophic danger to our closest allies in Northeast Asia: Japan and South Korea. With each passing day, the reclusive regime in Pyongyang continues to make progress on nuclear and ballistic missile tech-nology that could reach American soil. This isn’t a laughing matter. This isn’t a matter about something that might happen. This is a matter about something that will happen, unless we take steps to prevent it from hap-pening. American administrations of both parties have tried and failed to curb the dangerous behavior of the Kim re-gime. Before Kim, you had his father and his grandfather before him. There is plenty of blame to go around for how we got here, but rehashing past mis-takes won’t get us anywhere. Instead, the United States and other global powers need to focus on this challenge before it is too late. However, I fear that the administra-tion’s inconsistency in recent weeks has thrown fuel to the fire. We have seen the White House blow hot and cold on the potential for talks with Pyongyang. We have seen careless rhetoric alienate South Korea, a crit-ical ally whose partnership is essential in trying to contain North Korea. One week we see saber rattling to-ward North Korea, including the false claim that an aircraft carrier battle group was headed toward the Korean Peninsula, and the next week, the President saying he would be ‘‘hon-ored’’ to meet with ‘‘smart cookie’’ Kim Jong-un, the latest in a long list of totalitarian strongmen who seem to have won the President’s admiration. We are sending mixed signals, Mr. Speaker, and the world is taking no-tice. Inconsistency on national secu-rity matters is not a foreign policy strategy that will succeed. When Amer-ica appears confused or unmoored, it emboldens our adversaries and gives our friends and allies pause. When we are talking about nuclear weapons, there is simply no margin for error. Fortunately, in this Congress, our priorities are clear: work with China and our close partners in the region and dial up pressure on the Kim regime to return to the negotiating table. Last year, under Chairman ROYCE ’s leadership, we passed a sanctions bill that President Obama signed into law. Kim Jong-un is exceedingly crafty: his regime is becoming increasingly ef-fective at invading international sanc-tions. When we make sanctions tougher, they come up with new ways to get around them: phony bank accounts, fake companies overseas, shipments under foreign flags. We need to go back to the well to close the loopholes that the regime ex-ploits. That is what this measure does. It dials up sanctions on those who do business with the Kim regime, hope-fully, making them think twice before providing cover to one of the most bru-tal human rights abusers in the world and the nuclear ambitions of the leader of that country. If you buy certain materials like metals or minerals from North Korea, if you sell fuel that the North Korean military can use, if you have a role in maintaining overseas bank accounts or insuring the ships Pyongyang uses to evade the law, then you are going to get caught up in these new sanctions. If you ignore the U.N.’s limits on im-portant North Korean coal or iron, or try to buy cheap textiles or fishing rights from the government, or help the Kim regime conduct business on-line, you will be subject to additional scrutiny with this legislation. With this bill, we will target those who use North Korean forced labor, a gross human rights abuse and a cash cow for the regime. We will consider limiting certain types of assistance to countries buying or selling American equipment to Pyongyang. In light of the recent public assas-sination of Kim’s half brother, and other nefarious activities, we require the State Department to take a hard look at whether North Korea should be put back on the State Sponsors of Ter-rorism list. The Kim regime must be made to un-derstand that we will not back down in our effort to cut off support for its dan-gerous activities. Every time they cut another corner, we will put up another roadblock. We will come after them again and again until they realize there is no option but to sit down and negotiate. As we have seen, it won’t be an easy process. Making real progress on com-plex global issues rarely is. Reckless threats and bombastic talk usually make matters worse, especially when you are dealing with an unpredictable and impulsive leader. The stakes are very high. No one wants to see war on the Korean Penin-sula, least of all the 25 million people in Seoul and the nearly 30,000 United States troops who are in Pyongyang’s sights every single day. We need to remain focused, with clar-ity of purpose, in order to get the re-sults we all want. This bipartisan bill builds on our record in the House of grappling with this challenge. I am 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.030 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3034 May 2, 2017 
glad to join with Chairman R OYCE in this effort. I fully support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), a senior mem-ber of the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1644, the Korean Interdiction and Modernization of Sanctions Act. Kim Jong-un murdered his uncle. He murdered his brother. He and his father and grandfather were responsible for the deaths of hundreds of thousands, probably millions, of their own people. Now this ruthless tyrant is trying to develop long-range nuclear weapons that very soon could reach the United States. Let me be clear: North Korea is a threat to the security of the United States of America. It is a threat to our allies. It is a threat to the world. As long as North Korea has nuclear weap-ons, the world is not safe. For far too long, we have done very little to deter the Kim regime’s per-sistent march in the development of its nuclear weapons program. That changes today. The Kim regime’s nuclear program lives and dies by its access to hard cur-rency. North Korea acquires that hard currency from various sources. We know that China is the worst offender. But China is not the only bad actor. Terrorist networks around the world purchase weapons, technology, and training from North Korea. North Korea, in exchange, gets that money, the hard currency that it needs. Autocrats like the Congo’s Joseph Kabila have long reasoned that no one would actually enforce the arms em-bargo currently against North Korea. They continue to support the Kim re-gime and its nuclear program with no consequence. This bill would put a stop to that. It requires that the President cut off bad actors from our financial system. No more transactions in dollars. No more using banks that serve U.S. customers. The Kim regime will know that we are finally serious. I want to thank Chairman R
OYCE for his leadership on this, Ranking Mem-ber E
NGEL , and also Subcommittee Chairman Mr. Y
OHOand Ranking Mem-ber S
HERMAN for their leadership. This is critical legislation. North Korea has been getting away with mur-der, literally, for far too long in their own country. We need to make sure that hundreds of thousands—perhaps millions—of Americans’ lives are not wiped out by North Korea sometime in the very near future if we do not push back and actually stop their nuclear weapons program, particularly the bal-listic missile system that they are try-ing to develop. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. SHERMAN ), the ranking member of the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1644, the Korean Interdiction and Modernization of Sanctions Act. This bill was introduced by the chair and ranking member of the full com-mittee, Mr. R
OYCE and Mr. E NGEL ; by the chair and ranking member of the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee, Mr. Y
OHO; and myself. It is a clear ex-ample of the way bipartisanship should be here in the House of Representa-tives. North Korea continues to act as a state sponsor of terrorism, test bal-listic missiles, conduct cyber warfare, build nuclear weapons, and threaten the United States and our allies. We need a strategy to confront North Korea. An essential part of that strat-egy is to confront North Korea with economic and political pressure. A key to that would be to get China fully on board and to be willing to threaten China with tariffs if China continued to serve as the lifeline for the North Ko-rean criminal regime. In addition to working with China, we need to start modernizing our own sanctions regime to impose a greater cost on Kim Jong- un. This bill expands the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act passed by this Congress in 2016 to provide expanded and mandatory and discretionary sanctions on the North Korean Government, particularly in-volving gold and other precious min-erals, jet fuel, coal, iron ore, and tex-tiles. The bill requires U.S. financial insti-tutions to ensure that no cor-respondent accounts are being used by foreign financial institutions to pro-vide financial services to North Korea. It does a host of other necessary things, including requiring the State Department to submit to Congress a report detailing their decision on whether to put North Korea back on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list, and that we get that report within 90 days. It seems clear to me that North Korea should be listed as a state spon-sor of terror. We took them off the list not because they stopped engaging in international terror, but as a quid pro quo for suspending their own nuclear program, which they didn’t suspend. So why are they still off the list? There is no doubt that North Korea has engaged in multiple acts of inter-national terrorism, including the mur-der of the half brother of Kim Jong-un; the cyber attack against Sony Pic-tures; and although the initial action was taken decades ago, they seized Japanese civilians in order to learn Japanese manners in order to instruct their spies. They continue to hold those Japanese civilians today in a continuing act of terrorism. Finally, the bill, requires a report from the President of cooperation be-tween North Korea and Iran. We would suspect that North Korea, after it builds a certain cache of nuclear weap-ons, would be willing to sell to Iran not for millions but for billions of dollars fully assembled nuclear weapons or the fissile material to create those. This is an important thing Congress needs to address. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ), a senior member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, who also chairs the Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mr. R
OYCE ’s de-termined leadership on this important issue of national security protecting American families. I am in strong support of H.R. 1644, the Korean Interdiction and Mod-ernization of Sanctions Act. In 2003, I traveled to Pyongyang, North Korea, with the ranking member, Congress-man E
LIOT ENGEL , in a bipartisan dele-gation, along with Congressman Curt Weldon, Chairman Jeff Miller, Silvestre Reyes, and Solomon Ortiz, where we saw firsthand the tyranny and oppression of the Communist re-gime. Last month, the House of Represent-atives overwhelmingly passed H. Res. 92, a bipartisan resolution I introduced condemning the regime in North Korea for their recent ballistic missiles, and called for the consideration of all available sanctions. It passed 398–3. Since then, North Korea has contin-ued testing missiles and released yet another propaganda video—this one simulating the destruction of Amer-ican troops, aircraft, warships, and even the U.S. Capitol Building. After 8 years of ‘‘strategic patience,’’ I appreciate the strong leadership of President Trump and his administra-tion, along with the Ambassador to the U.N., Nikki Haley, and also Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. It is clear the regime in North Korea will only respond to strength, and these sanctions that are proposed in this package would effectively target the regime and any other individuals who would do business with North Korea, especially in the shipping and financial industries. I appreciate the extraordinary lead-ership of Chairman E
DROYCE and Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL on the legislation, and I urge my colleagues to vote in support. b1515 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, before I call on the next speaker, I want to talk to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ). When we went on that trip to North Korea, I am sure that he will remember that he took a clandes-tine picture of a big billboard that was in Pyongyang showing a North Korean soldier with a bayonet sticking through an American soldier’s head. So the propaganda and the anti-American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.050 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3035 May 2, 2017 
rhetoric is ingrained, it is taught, and it was very disconcerting. I remember the gentleman sitting in the front of the bus very clandestinely taking that picture so no one would know. It was really a good thing to do. I want to thank the gentleman. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. ENGEL. I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, it was my honor to be with Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL . Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. K
EATING ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1644, the Korean Interdiction and Modernization of Sanctions Act. I thank the chairman of the committee, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ); and the rank-ing member, the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ), for their leadership in this important legislation. This legislation furthers North Ko-rea’s severe financial isolation by fur-ther targeting banks and money lend-ers to gain cooperation throughout the region. This bipartisan bill builds on the pressure and sanctions imposed under both the Bush and Obama admin-istrations to strengthen our response to North Korea’s continued bellig-erence by, number one, expanding sanc-tions on North Korea’s government transactions involving precious metals, minerals, jet fuel, and coal; providing restrictions on U.S. foreign assistance to any country that buys or sells mili-tary equipment from North Korea; and provides increasing scrutiny of North Korean shipping vessels to target against trafficking, counterfeiting, and aspects of North Korea’s illicit econ-omy, among other things, in order to tighten sanctions in accordance with the United Nations Security Council. This vote comes at a critical juncture. Despite rounds of sanctions aimed at squeezing the faltering economy of North Korea, recent reports from the peninsula suggest that the country continues to gain sufficient traction to move forward. North Korea poses a real and imme-diate threat to the stability in the re-gion, to our allies, and to ourselves. By broadening eligibility activities to be sanctioned and extending the duration of sanctions to prevent arms trade, this bill will further leverage the North Ko-rean economy to enhance our ability to reduce its nuclear threat. What is more, this bill will strengthen our abil-ity to hinder trade between North Ko-rea’s strongest partners, including businesses and banks within Russia and China that are exposed to the international financial market. In the face of growing uncertainty and seem-ing lack of clarity surrounding the cur-rent administration’s plan toward North Korea, this act demonstrates the strong, bipartisan, and resolute stance of this Congress in the face of increased provocative and aggressive actions by North Korea. As an original sponsor of the unprec-edented legislation signed into law last year that sanctioned North Korea for its egregious human rights violations, I am proud to now support this critical legislation and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 21⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Terrorism, Non-proliferation, and Trade of the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and ranking mem-ber for sponsoring this legislation. Mr. Speaker, a few years ago, North Korea ordered its missile units on standby to strike the United States. Little Kim, as I call him, and his gen-erals convened a press conference and displayed a chart of what they called U.S. mainland strike plan. The attack plan targeted several major United States population cen-ters, including Austin, Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am personally offended by that. At the time of this plan, it was ridiculed by international media. After all, the administration was pursuing a passive strategic patience plan. But now experts say that, in less than 4 years, North Korea will have intercontinental ballistic missiles ca-pable of raining down nuclear weapons on the entire United States. North Korea is making steady progress on its nuclear program. It conducted two nu-clear tests in 2016 alone. So the time has come to tighten the noose on little Kim. We need to choke off the sources of his ill-gotten gain, and these sanctions will help do that. This bill expands sanctions to target some of the regime’s most lucrative sources of revenue. It also requires the State Department to reassess whether North Korea should be placed back on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. I think that is long overdue. Little Kim has earned the distinction of being a worldwide terrorist. So little Kim means it when he says he wants to destroy the United States. He even wants to put ICBMs in submarines and send them off the coast of California. He cannot be allowed to do this mis-chief. He needs to know the United States means it when we say that we will protect the American people. And that is just the way it is. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ), my friend, co- chair of the Korea Caucus, and a re-spected member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from New York, our very distinguished ranking mem-ber. I rise today in support of H.R. 1644, the Korean Interdiction and Mod-ernization of Sanctions Act. I am pleased to cosponsor this bill, an act that updates and expands the North Korea sanctions policy that was en-acted just last year. It is undeniable that North Korea’s nuclear and bal-listic missile programs have acceler-ated in recent years. In 2016 alone, the regime conducted two nuclear tests and more than 20 missile tests. In response to this threat, the U.S. helped negotiate the passage of the U.N. Security Council Resolutions 2270 and 2231 to strengthen U.N. sanctions against the regime. H.R. 1644 builds on those Security Council resolutions by expanding mandatory and discre-tionary sanctions and authorizing new sanctions provisions related to evasion and the use of North Korean exported labor, correspondent banking, and trade in oil, textiles, food, and agricul-tural products. For example, if someone knowingly transfers significant amounts of jet fuel to North Korea, then the President could freeze that person’s assets that come within the jurisdiction of the United States. Vessels that use North Korean ports will be banned from en-tering U.S. waters or using U.S. ports. The bill also establishes restrictions on the use of foreign assistance to any country that violates these provisions. I want to thank the chairman and the ranking member for their leader-ship and for including my amendment, which will ensure that U.S. sanctions against North Korea do not impede the provision of vital U.S. assistance to de-veloping countries for maternal and child health, disease prevention, and response. U.S. sanctions are necessary, but they are not a complete tool to address the threat of North Korea’s impending nuclear development program. The U.S. must undertake a rigorous diplo-matic effort to urge the global commu-nity, and China in particular, to use their goodwill, their leverage to en-force international sanctions and to get North Korea back to the negoti-ating table. The Korean Peninsula remains one of the most dangerous flash points in the world. President Trump, sadly, I think has escalated regional tensions by sending mixed signals about the loca-tion of U.S. military assets, about his views, as the ranking member said, about Kim Jong-un, and about how best the United States ought to re-spond that we are going to disabuse ourselves of the previous policy which seems to mean the only policy left is kinetic, a military option. I don’t think that makes anything better on the Korean Peninsula. I thank the leaders for this effort. I think it is the right way to go. I sup-port it fully. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO), chairman of the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pa-cific of the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs and a coauthor of this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.053 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3036 May 2, 2017 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Korea Interdic-tion and Modernization of Sanctions Act, H.R. 1644, the KIMS Act. I thank Chairman R
OYCE for his lead-ership in guiding this bill through the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the original cosponsors of this bill, Rank-ing Member E
NGEL and Congressman S
HERMAN , who serves alongside me as the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Asia and the Pacific. I also thank the chairman and ranking member for accepting my amendment to this bill that targets the ability of leaders like those of the Democratic Republic of the Congo that have been buying North Korean arms for years with impunity, supplying a means of income for the North Korean regime to fund their nuclear program and the re-gime of terror and provocations. Mr. Speaker, North Korea’s nuclear program has never been a bigger threat, and we need to respond with all the tools at our disposal. After all, the world community is against nuclear proliferation from any country, so the world community should support the United States preventing North Ko-rea’s nuclear program. If anything, Pyongyang has dramatically acceler-ated its belligerent behavior, con-ducting two nuclear tests and two dozen missile launches last year. Speaking before the U.N. Security Council, Secretary Tillerson was right when he said that the threat of a North Korea nuclear attack on Seoul or Tokyo is very real. That is why it is so important that Congress, as we are doing here today, continue to apply pressure on Pyongyang, providing the administration with the tools it needs to deprive the Kim regime of the hard currency it depends on to feed its illicit weapons program. Importantly, this measure will ad-vance the national security interests of not just the United States and the Ko-rean Peninsula but of the whole Asia- Pacific region and will contribute to regional security by targeting North Korea’s abhorrent overseas slave labor, which is estimated at bringing in as much as $230 million each year. There are precious few nonmilitary tools left for managing the security situation on the Korean Peninsula. Financial sanc-tions are the most important and effec-tive of these tools. By advancing this legislation, the House will continue its critical work to ensure our country has the necessary authorities and mandates in place to ensure our financial measures are ef-fective. A peaceful outcome on the pe-ninsula depends on inflicting enough pressure on Kim to force him to make the hard but smart choices. This bill will affect him where it hurts—in his bank accounts. Again, I commend Chairman R
OYCE  and Ranking Member E
NGEL for their contributions and leadership on this important legislation. I urge my col-leagues to support this bill. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ), co-chair of the Japan Caucus, a very respected member of our Committee on Foreign Affairs, and a member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member E
NGEL for yielding me this time. I rise in support of H.R. 1644, the Korean Interdiction and Modernization of Sanctions Act, legislation that would more effectively cut off the Kim regime’s access to hard currency and equipment for its bal-listic missile and nuclear programs. This legislation updates and expands the range of sanctions available for the United States to use against persons or entities that violate existing U.S. sanc-tion laws and United Nations Security Council resolutions regarding North Korea. The bill also requires the Presi-dent to report to Congress on foreign countries’ compliance with those Secu-rity Council resolutions. The United States is determined to preserve the stability in the Asia-Pa-cific region. Our Nation will uphold its treaty commitments to Japan and South Korea and will defend their secu-rity in the face of the North Korean threat. I urge my colleagues to join me and vote in favor of this legislation, which makes clear that the United States will target individuals, companies, and banks that continue to do business with North Korea. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). b1530 Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, I com-mend the leaders of the Foreign Affairs Committee for their leadership on this important matter. We need stronger international action like this to send a message to the North Korean regime. Our sanctions approach should be at least as strong against North Korea as it has been against Iran; and to be ef-fective, sanctions must include all countries. Chinese trade during the last year with North Korea has actu-ally increased. It is clear that it is shirking its responsibility. If it were to limit energy and access to hard cur-rency reserves to North Korea, the re-gime would likely collapse. Intensified sanctions of the type con-templated by this measure are particu-larly important because, despite all of the recent saber rattling from Donald Trump, we have no acceptable military solution. Any military attack on North Korea would result in the death of hun-dreds of thousands, if not millions, of the 25 million Koreans in the greater Seoul area and the over 100,000 Ameri-cans that are in that region. Only this week, General McMaster, President Trump’s national security adviser, conceded that a preventive military strike would result in a human catastrophe. We cannot elimi-nate the risk of North Korea, but we can better manage it, and this measure is a step in the right direction. The arsenal of our democracy is more than just our military might. Let’s apply every bit of international pres-sure possible and hope that the great self-described dealmaker Donald J. Trump can begin direct negotiations to secure an agreement with North Korea that achieves at least as much as President Obama did with Iran. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time is remaining on both sides? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New York has 31⁄2minutes remaining. The gentleman from Cali-fornia has 4
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Flor-ida (Ms. F
RANKEL ), a very respected and hardworking member of the For-eign Affairs Committee. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank my colleague from New York. I just returned from a trip to South Korea and Japan, a bipartisan trip, where we focused on the dangers of North Korea. First, I want to just say what became very clear to us is how important our relationship is with South Korea and Japan, both economi-cally and for our national security. We sat in roundtable discussions with scholars, ambassadors, and military leaders from the United States, Japan, South Korea, and China; and I will tell you one thing was unanimous in the thinking: a preemptive military strike right now on our part would be cata-strophic—catastrophic not only to our friends in South Korea, the millions who live there, our friends in Japan, but the hundreds of thousands of Amer-ican citizens and our military per-sonnel. I thank our chairman and our rank-ing member for their good work, and I urge my colleagues to support this good bill. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time, and I want to close the way I opened. I want to again thank Chairman R
OYCE for au-thoring this measure and for his hard work. One of the things I have been most proud about as the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee is the collaborative work that the chairman and I have done together in passing so many bills with both our names. It is what the American people want us to do, and I think the Foreign Affairs Committee is a great example of how the American people want Congress to work together. This bill is exactly a product of that, of working together. If we want to pressure the Kim re-gime and if we want to prevent a po-tentially devastating conflict in North-east Asia, we cannot be impulsive. The risks are too high. We need a strong, focused, and consistent policy. We need 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.054 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3037 May 2, 2017 
strong measures that cut off support for the Kim regime and careful diplo-macy to bring the relevant players to-gether. This bill represents an impor-tant part of such a policy. So, again, as I said, I am glad we are advancing this measure with strong bi-partisan support, and I hope the other body will take up this legislation soon. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. E
NGEL , for his comments. I will return to this theme about the urgent threat that the United States and our allies face here. We have lis-tened to experts who have looked at this problem. In less than 4 years, Pyongyang may have the ability to make a reliable intercontinental bal-listic missile topped by a nuclear war-head capable of targeting the conti-nental United States. When we watch these tests and we see, from a North Korean submarine, how they are launching missiles and we watch the atomic weapons tests that they are doing, you can see how North Korea has advanced in their capabilities as they try to shrink these warheads and figure out how to put them onto an ICBM. The problem is that, in the next few years, at the current rate of production of their nuclear material, they are going to be able to build out 100 atomic weapons for these intercontinental bal-listic missiles. So the threat from North Korea is real, and real threats demand real responses. We have tried various approaches in the past. We tried strategic patience during the last administration. I will tell you that I think Secretary Tillerson has helped devise a strategy of maximum pressure that makes a tre-mendous amount of sense to me, and I will share with you why I think it is very credible. We have seen in the past, in 2005, back during Banco Delta Asia, back when North Korea was caught counter-feiting $100 U.S. bank notes, a strategy deployed that froze the capability of that regime to move forward with its nuclear weapons program. We know from talking to defectors about the im-pact that that had internally on North Korea because, frankly, these weapons programs are very expensive to run. It requires billions and billions of dollars every year. North Korea doesn’t really manufac-ture much, other than some of the clandestine missile parts and so forth that they transfer overseas and some meth and counterfeit cigarettes. All of that can be halted so that hard cur-rency doesn’t come into the hands of the regime, and, therefore, the regime will no longer have this capability. Because it happened in 2005 and be-cause we know of the consequences at the time, but also because of what we have seen with other nations, we should move with bipartisan legisla-tion here. I am going to speak for a moment about what this House of Representa-tives and our counterparts in the Sen-ate did in the 1990s when it came to the issue of a regime in South Africa that had obtained a nuclear weapon and also was doubling down on their practices of apartheid in terms of the way that that regime treated its own people. If you will recall, despite the assur-ances and warnings about sanctions that this was the wrong road, this House stood up, and over 80 percent of the Members here and over 80 percent of the Members in the Senate—or 75— huge bipartisan majorities of Repub-licans and Democrats came together with a policy that said enough—enough of the conduct of that apartheid state, enough of them developing a nuclear weapon. It was time for the United States to lead on this, work with the inter-national community and enforce sanc-tions in a way that did what? That, within a short period of time, brought the apartheid regime to offer up to the international community that atomic weapon and to say: We are done with it. And for the South African apartheid regime to say, in terms of elections: Next year we are going to hold free and fair elections in South Africa—in terms of the release of Nelson Mandela and in terms of his election to President of South Africa. Now, when people argue with us that sanctions may not be a way forward, I would remind them that, when we unite the international community and when we speak with one voice, yes, we could see a change of conduct in this regime in North Korea. So I say this gives a powerful tool to cut off the funding by going after those who do business with the regime in violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. E
NGEL for his assistance in this, and I thank all of my colleagues who helped on this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, the era of strategic patience is over. In its place there is a need for more concerted action to counter North Korea’s nuclear proliferation, its horrific human rights abuses, and its sponsor-ship of terrorism globally. This bill strengthens the tools the Administration can use to counter the threat posed by a nuclear armed North Korea. It targets the shipping and financial sectors and also targets those, in China and Russia and elsewhere, who profit from using North Korean slave labor. I strongly support this legislation and commend my colleagues on the House Foreign Affairs Committee— Chairman E
DROYCE and Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL for their leadership. The Administration must continue to un-cover and sanction both Pyongyang’s enablers and those it enables. We should further target with sanctions those individuals responsible for gross human rights violations inside the so- called ‘‘hermit kingdom’’ and stop money and materials from reaching terrorists and nuclear proliferators globally. Not taking the North Korea threat seriously enough have been a bipartisan problem of the last three Administrations. I commend the Trump Administration for taking more strategic actions. The U.S. cannot sit on the sidelines while Kim Jong Un proliferates nuclear and missile technology that will threaten the United States. We cannot stand idly by while Kim Jong Un sponsors terrorism and traffics his own people for profit. We cannot be silent while an estimated 120,000 people are being held in political-prison labor camps, suffering and dying in barbaric conditions. Torture, rape, and the public executions of religious believers are part of the daily life in these camps. North Korea’s political-prisoner camps are inhumane, they are horrific, they are a crime against humanity and they must be disman-tled. We know that the threat posed by North Korea was high on the agenda of President Trump and President Xi meeting in Florida several weeks ago. As we all know, the Chi-nese government’s actions have not always been helpful. China usually describes the China-North Korea relationship as being one of ‘‘like lips to teeth.’’ It was good to see this formula changed after the Trump-Xi meeting. Foreign Minister Wang Yi know says China’s relationship with ‘‘the Peninsula’’ both North and South Korea is like lips to teeth. That is big change in rhetoric and hopefully China will no longer prop up Kim Jong Un’s deliberate attempts to destabilize the Korean peninsula. In addition to a more robust sanctions re-gime, the Administration should pay more at-tention to undermining the faith of the North Korean people in Kim Jong Un’s leadership. The cult of personality that surrounds the Kim family remains a strong deterrent to protest and uprisings within North Korea. The Kim family is accorded god-like status—the cult of personality is sometimes called Juche—and it offers Kim Jong Un a ‘divine mandate’ to pur-sue nuclear weapons, national security, and human rights abuses with impunity. More needs to be done to tarnish Kim Jong Un’s image and that of the Kim family. The U.S. should be actively seeking to undermine the cult of personality and drive a wedge be-tween North Korea elites and the Kim family. Sanctions are one way to drive such a wedge, but also needed are more radio broadcasts and USB drives with South Korean pop culture and news and information targeting North Ko-rean military and elites. The more information the North Korean people have, the less iso-lated they are, the more likely they will see the Kim family as false gods. Some of this work is being done by North Korean defectors living in South Korea. But their efforts are tiny and were not supported by the previous Administration. The current sanctions regime is having some effect. High-level diplomats, military leaders, and the families of high-ranking offi-cials are defecting—they are recognizing that they will be held accountable if they continue to support Kim Jong Un’s barbaric regime. Nevertheless, recent evidence shows that North Korea has become very good at evad-ing sanctions. Last month a U.N. report made clear that North Korea is using ‘increasingly sophisticated’ tactics to evade existing sanc-tions. Money, arms, and people are moved across borders by networks of middlemen and banks to avoid detection. The U.N. report con-cluded that sanctions enforcement ‘remains in-sufficient.’ This legislation will expand U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.056 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3038 May 2, 2017 
sanctions to target those help Kim Jong Un avoid sanctions and fund his nuclear program and human rights abuses. I urge support for the legislation offered today and commend my colleagues for bring-ing this important legislation before the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1644, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
WORKING FAMILIES FLEXIBILITY ACT OF 2017 Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 299, I call up the bill (H.R. 1180) to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide com-pensatory time for employees in the private sector, and ask for its imme-diate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 299, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Education and the Work-force, printed in the bill, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute con-sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–15 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 1180 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. COMPENSATORY TIME. 
Section 7 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 207) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) C
OMPENSATORY TIMEOFF FOR PRIVATE  E
MPLOYEES .— ‘‘(1) G
ENERAL RULE .—An employee may re-ceive, in accordance with this subsection and in lieu of monetary overtime compensation, compensatory time off at a rate not less than one and one-half hours for each hour of employment for which overtime compensa-tion is required by this section. ‘‘(2) C
ONDITIONS .—An employer may pro-vide compensatory time to employees under paragraph (1) only if such time is provided in accordance with— ‘‘(A) applicable provisions of a collective bargaining agreement between the employer and the labor organization that has been cer-tified or recognized as the representative of the employees under applicable law; or ‘‘(B) in the case of an employee who is not represented by a labor organization that has been certified or recognized as the represent-ative of such employee under applicable law, an agreement arrived at between the em-ployer and employee before the performance of the work and affirmed by a written or oth-erwise verifiable record maintained in ac-cordance with section 11(c)— ‘‘(i) in which the employer has offered and the employee has chosen to receive compen-satory time in lieu of monetary overtime compensation; and ‘‘(ii) entered into knowingly and volun-tarily by such employee and not as a condi-tion of employment. No employee may receive or agree to receive compensatory time off under this subsection unless the employee has worked at least 1,000 hours for the employee’s employer during a period of continuous employment with the employer in the 12-month period before the date of agreement or receipt of compen-satory time off. ‘‘(3) HOUR LIMIT .— ‘‘(A) M
AXIMUM HOURS .—An employee may accrue not more than 160 hours of compen-satory time. ‘‘(B) C
OMPENSATION DATE .—Not later than January 31 of each calendar year, the em-ployee’s employer shall provide monetary compensation for any unused compensatory time off accrued during the preceding cal-endar year that was not used prior to Decem-ber 31 of the preceding year at the rate pre-scribed by paragraph (6). An employer may designate and communicate to the employ-er’s employees a 12-month period other than the calendar year, in which case such com-pensation shall be provided not later than 31 days after the end of such 12-month period. ‘‘(C) E
XCESS OF 80 HOURS .—The employer may provide monetary compensation for an employee’s unused compensatory time in ex-cess of 80 hours at any time after giving the employee at least 30 days notice. Such com-pensation shall be provided at the rate pre-scribed by paragraph (6). ‘‘(D) P
OLICY .—Except where a collective bargaining agreement provides otherwise, an employer that has adopted a policy offering compensatory time to employees may dis-continue such policy upon giving employees 30 days notice. ‘‘(E) W
RITTEN REQUEST .—An employee may withdraw an agreement described in para-graph (2)(B) at any time. An employee may also request in writing that monetary com-pensation be provided, at any time, for all compensatory time accrued that has not yet been used. Within 30 days of receiving the written request, the employer shall provide the employee the monetary compensation due in accordance with paragraph (6). ‘‘(4) P
RIVATE EMPLOYER ACTIONS .—An em- ployer that provides compensatory time under paragraph (1) to an employee shall not directly or indirectly intimidate, threaten, or coerce or attempt to intimidate, threaten, or coerce any employee for the purpose of— ‘‘(A) interfering with such employee’s rights under this subsection to request or not request compensatory time off in lieu of payment of monetary overtime compensa-tion for overtime hours; or ‘‘(B) requiring any employee to use such compensatory time. ‘‘(5) T
ERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT .—An em- ployee who has accrued compensatory time off authorized to be provided under para-graph (1) shall, upon the voluntary or invol-untary termination of employment, be paid for the unused compensatory time in accord-ance with paragraph (6). ‘‘(6) R
ATE OF COMPENSATION .— ‘‘(A) G
ENERAL RULE .—If compensation is to be paid to an employee for accrued compen-satory time off, such compensation shall be paid at a rate of compensation not less than— ‘‘(i) the regular rate earned by such em-ployee when the compensatory time was ac-crued; or ‘‘(ii) the regular rate earned by such em-ployee at the time such employee received payment of such compensation, whichever is higher. ‘‘(B) CONSIDERATION OF PAYMENT .—Any payment owed to an employee under this subsection for unused compensatory time shall be considered unpaid overtime com-pensation. ‘‘(7) U
SE OF TIME .—An employee— ‘‘(A) who has accrued compensatory time off authorized to be provided under para-graph (1); and ‘‘(B) who has requested the use of such compensatory time, shall be permitted by the employee’s em-ployer to use such time within a reasonable period after making the request if the use of the compensatory time does not unduly dis-rupt the operations of the employer. ‘‘(8) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) the term ‘employee’ does not include an employee of a public agency; and ‘‘(B) the terms ‘overtime compensation’ and ‘compensatory time’ shall have the meanings given such terms by subsection (o)(7).’’. 
SEC. 3. REMEDIES. 
Section 16 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 216) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘(b) Any employer’’ and inserting ‘‘(b) Except as pro-vided in subsection (f), any employer’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) An employer that violates section 7(s)(4) shall be liable to the employee af-fected in the amount of the rate of com-pensation (determined in accordance with section 7(s)(6)(A)) for each hour of compen-satory time accrued by the employee and in an additional equal amount as liquidated damages reduced by the amount of such rate of compensation for each hour of compen-satory time used by such employee.’’. 
SEC. 4. NOTICE TO EMPLOYEES. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Secretary of Labor shall revise the materials the Secretary pro-vides, under regulations published in section 516.4 of title 29, Code of Federal Regulations, to employers for purposes of a notice ex-plaining the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to employees so that such notice reflects the amendments made to such Act by this Act. 
SEC. 5. GAO REPORT. 
Beginning 2 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act and each of the 3 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Con-gress providing, with respect to the report-ing period immediately prior to each such report— (1) data concerning the extent to which employers provide compensatory time pursu-ant to section 7(s) of the Fair Labor Stand-ards Act of 1938, as added by this Act, and the extent to which employees opt to receive compensatory time; (2) the number of complaints alleging a violation of such section filed by any em-ployee with the Secretary of Labor; (3) the number of enforcement actions commenced by the Secretary or commenced by the Secretary on behalf of any employee for alleged violations of such section; (4) the disposition or status of such com-plaints and actions described in paragraphs (2) and (3); and (5) an account of any unpaid wages, dam-ages, penalties, injunctive relief, or other remedies obtained or sought by the Sec-retary in connection with such actions de-scribed in paragraph (3). 
SEC. 6. SUNSET. 
This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall cease to be in effect on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.018 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3039 May 2, 2017 
date that is 5 years after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT) each will control 30 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from North Carolina. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.R. 1180. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from North Carolina? There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Today I rise in strong support of H.R. 1180, the Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, this bill is about free-dom, flexibility, and fairness. The free-dom for workers to choose what is best for themselves and their families, more flexibility for men and women to bal-ance work, life, and family, and greater fairness in how Federal policies treat workers and families. Under the legislation, private sector workers who are eligible for overtime pay would be able to choose between cash wages or paid time off. This sim-ple choice will help improve the lives of many hardworking Americans. This option has long been available to government workers. More than 30 years ago, Republicans and Democrats came together to amend an outdated Federal law and provide public sector employees more workplace flexibility. b1545 That is why comp time is a popular benefit enjoyed today by police offi-cers, firefighters, and other State and local government employees. But the Federal Government still denies many private sector workers the same oppor-tunity. This double standard simply isn’t fair. It is time to level the playing field for those in the private sector. Despite what we will hear from the other side of the aisle today, all we are doing is empowering workers with a choice. For some workers, more money in the bank may be the best choice for them. Nothing—I repeat, nothing—in this bill will take away that right. But other workers, if given the choice, would seize the opportunity to turn their overtime hours into paid time off. There are single parents who need more flexibility to spend time with their children; students who are struggling to juggle college and a full- time job; and a growing number of indi-viduals need more time to care for an aging relative. Time is precious, yet Democrats in Congress think the Federal Govern-ment should decide how people use it. They think they know what is best for workers and their families. In the name of protecting workers, our col-leagues and their so-called progressive allies have denied workers this choice for years. They continue to ignore the bill’s strong protections, including sev-eral that are more robust than what is available in the public sector. The bill preserves the 40-hour work-week, and comp time would accrue at the same time-and-a-half rate as cash wages. The legislation also requires a written comp time agreement between each individual worker and his or her employer, or between a worker’s union and employer. Additionally, workers can cash out their comp time at any time and for any reason. Employers who force their employees into a comp time arrange-ment would face costly penalties, and the Department of Labor would have full authority to crack down on bad ac-tors. Mr. Speaker, by providing more free-dom and flexibility, we can improve the quality of life of many Americans. We have an opportunity to make a positive difference in people’s lives simply by getting the Federal Govern-ment out of the way and allowing indi-viduals to choose what is best for themselves and their families. I want to thank Representative R
OBY for championing this effort, and I urge all Members to vote in favor of free-dom, flexibility, and fairness for the American people by supporting H.R. 1180. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes. Mr. Speaker, under current law, if an employee wants to work overtime, put the money in the bank where it can earn interest, and use it to cover the cost of taking some time off later with the permission of the employer, he can do that today without this bill. But under H.R. 1180, instead of get-ting paid for overtime work in the next scheduled paycheck, the employee might not get paid until as much as a year later, when his employer decides to let him take that comp time. This legislation simply weakens the protections available in the Fair Labor Standards Act—the original family- friendly workplace law—at the very moment that we really ought to be strengthening the law. Under H.R. 1180, it would be legal to withhold workers’ overtime pay for a long time. This would be otherwise a violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act. The bill would allow you to under-mine the 40-hour workweek by creating a mechanism that allows employees to earn time off to be with their families only if they spend extra time at work beyond a 40-hour workweek. It undermines a worker’s ability to earn overtime pay, which many work-ers rely on to send their children to college, save for retirement, or make a down payment on a house. Because the legislation makes it cheaper for employers to assign over-time to employees who agree to accept comp time instead of actual cash wages, this legislation makes it ex-tremely likely that the only employees who will be asked to work overtime are those who agree to get comp time in-stead of actual time and a half paid cash. Furthermore, the legislation creates significant uncertainty for workers. An employer could decide that an em-ployee cannot take comp time on the dates requested because the employer said it would be an undue disruption to business operations. My Democratic colleagues and I are working on a Working Families Agenda with real solutions that would boost wages for working people and help them balance work and family life. An employee should be able to earn time off without sacrificing overtime pay. This is exactly what the Healthy Fami-lies Act would do. It would allow work-ers to earn up to 7 paid sick days. Finally, Mr. Speaker, 92 groups that actually represent working people sent a letter urging the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce to oppose the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter which is led by the National Partnership for Women & Families. It points out that we should be taking up real solutions, such as legislation, to raise the minimum wage, Schedules That Work Act, family and medical leave, and other responsible solutions. These solutions would truly help work-ing families, yet the majority has re-fused to support any of these initia-tives. 
MAY1, 2017. D
EARMEMBER OF CONGRESS : We, the under-signed organizations, urge you to oppose the so-called Working Families Flexibility Act (H.R. 1180/S. 801), a smoke-and-mirrors bill that would offer working people a pay cut without any guaranteed flexibility or time off. As members of Congress on both sides of the aisle acknowledge, people today are struggling to manage the demands of job and family, and to make ends meet and plan for the future. We urgently need lawmakers to update our nation’s workplace policies to meet 21st century realities, but the Working Families Flexibility Act would be a grievous step in the wrong direction. It is, at best, an empty promise that would cause consider-ably more harm than good. The Working Families Flexibility Act would offer a false choice between time and pay. Supporters claim the bill would give hourly workers more flexibility and time with their loved ones by allowing them to choose paid time off, rather than time-and-a- half wages, as compensation for working more than 40 hours in one week (‘‘comp time’’). But people would only get more time with their families after spending extra hours away from them at work, and the bill does not guarantee that workers could use the time they earn when they need it. More-over, the bill would do nothing to address the need all working people—not just those who work overtime—have for guaranteed ac-cess to paid sick days and paid family and medical leave. Too few employers provide these protections now, especially to their hourly workers. The Fair Labor Standards Act currently allows employers to provide flexibility and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.019 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3040 May 2, 2017 
time off without compromising workers’ right to be paid fairly for the hours they work. The types of flexibility allowed under the FLSA include alternative start and end times, compressed or variable work hours within a week, split shifts, work at multiple locations, and paid or unpaid time off. Pro-ponents of the Working Families Flexibility Act set up a false dichotomy that would force workers to choose between flexibility and overtime pay when, in reality, the FLSA does nothing currently to prevent employers from offering both. The ‘‘worker flexibility’’ offered by the Working Families Flexibility Act would magnify the power imbalance between em-ployees and employers. The proposal would give the employer, not the employee, the ‘‘flexibility’’ to decide when, and even if, comp time could be used. The bill would allow employers to deny requests if an em-ployee’s use of comp time would ‘‘unduly dis-rupt’’ operations, or grant leave on a day other than the one requested. This means the Working Families Flexibility Act would provide no guarantee that workers could use their earned time to care for a sick child, at-tend a parent-teacher conference, or help an aging parent. Employers could veto an em-ployee’s request to use their time even in cases of urgent need. The bill would also allow employers to ‘‘cash out’’ an employee’s comp time in excess of 80 hours, or dis-continue the comp time program altogether, with just 30 days’ notice. This means an em-ployee’s carefully crafted plan to bank time for a child’s birth or surgery could be thwarted by an employer’s decision to cash out the employee’s time. The Working Families Flexibility Act would put workers’ economic security at risk and provide an interest-free loan to em-ployers. An employee who does not partici-pate in an employer’s comp time program could be penalized with fewer hours, bad shifts and lost overtime hours. The bill would permit employers to defer compensa-tion for unused comp time for as long as 13 months, creating an interest-free loan for employers and hardship for workers. It also would not provide any protections for em-ployees when firms collapse or go bankrupt, meaning workers could lose the value of their unused comp time altogether. The Working Families Flexibility Act would provide few protections for workers and no additional resources to the U.S. De-partment of Labor for education, investiga-tion and enforcement. The U.S. Department of Labor’s (DOL’s) Wage and Hour Division already struggles to enforce the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) with too few inves-tigators and a small budget—and DOL is fac-ing a draconian reduction in funding that threatens its ability to maintain current op-erations, let alone engage in robust enforce-ment. This bill would add significant new provisions to the FLSA, but it would not provide additional funds for education and enforcement efforts the new provisions would require. Workers would have few rem-edies in cases of employer misconduct pursu-ant to the bill, and would not be able to rely on an under-resourced Wage and Hour Divi-sion for assistance. Wage theft (nonpayment or underpayment of wages for hours worked) would be exacerbated because it would be easier for employers to avoid overtime com-pensation obligations without consequences. Instead of wasting time on smoke and mir-rors, Congress should focus on policies that would meaningfully improve people’s eco-nomic security and provide the time they need. We urge Congress to adopt: The Healthy Families Act (H.R. 1516/S. 636), which would make earned paid sick days available to millions of workers and build on the success of paid sick days laws that have been, or will soon be, implemented in seven states and 32 localities; The Family And Medical Insurance Leave (FAMILY) Act (H.R. 947/S. 337), which would create a national paid leave insurance pro-gram—modeled on successful state programs in California, New. Jersey, Rhode Island and, soon, New York and the District of Colum-bia—that would allow workers to take paid time to care for a new child; care for a seri-ously ill family member; address their own serious health condition; or manage certain military caregiving responsibilities; The Schedules That Work Act, which would give workers more control over their schedules and incentivize predictability and stability in shifts and work hours; and An increase in the minimum wage, includ-ing the elimination of the sub-minimum ‘‘tipped’’ wage, which would lift millions of families out of poverty. People simply should not have to work more than 40 hours in a week and forgo pay to earn time to care for themselves or their loved ones. We urge Congress to reject the Working Families Flexibility Act and in-stead adopt family friendly workplace poli-cies that provide true flexibility—not an empty promise that would make life appre-ciably more difficult for people who are al-ready struggling Sincerely, 1,000 Days, 9to5, National Association of Working Women, 9to5 California, 9to5 Colo-rado, 9to5 Georgia, 9to5 Wisconsin, A Better Balance, American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations (AFL– CIO), American Association of University Women (AAUW), American Federation of Government Employees, American Federa-tion of Teachers, (AFL–CIO), California Work & Family Coalition, Center for Law and Social Policy (CLASP), Center for Pop-ular Democracy, Coalition for Social Jus-tice, Coalition of Labor Union Women, Coali-tion on Human Needs, Communications Workers of America (CWA), Connecticut Working Families Party, Connecticut Wom-en’s Education and Legal Fund (CWEALF), Daily Kos, Demos, Economic Policy Insti-tute Policy Center, Economic Progress Insti-tute, Faith in Public Life, Family Forward Oregon, Family Values @ Work, Feminist Majority. Indiana Institute for Working Families, In-novation Ohio, Institute for Science and Human Values, Inc., Interfaith Worker Jus-tice, International Brotherhood of Team-sters, International Union, United Auto-mobile, Aerospace & Agricultural Implement Workers of America (UAW), Jewish Women International (JWI), Jews United for Justice, Jobs With Justice, Labor Project for Work-ing Families, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, Legal Aid at Work, Los Angeles Alliance for a New Economy (LAANE), Main Street Alliance, Maine Wom-en’s Lobby, Make it Work, McKenna Pihlaja, MomsRising.org, Mothering Justice. National Asian Pacific American Women’s Forum (NAPAWF), National Association of Social Workers (NASW), National Center for Lesbian Rights, National Coalition 100 Black Women Central Ohio Chapter, National Council of Jewish Women (NCJW), National Education Association (NEA), National Em-ployment Law Project, National Employ-ment Lawyers Association, National Insti-tute for Reproductive Health, National Net-work to End Domestic Violence, National Partnership for Women & Families, National Women’s Law Center, NC Justice Center, NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Jus-tice, New Jersey Citizen Action, New Jersey Time to Care Coalition, New York Paid Leave Coalition, Ohio Domestic Violence Network, Ohio Women’s Public Policy Net-work, OUR Walmart. PathWays PA, People For the American Way, People’s Action, PL+US Paid Leave for the U.S., Progress For All, Project IRENE, Restaurant Opportunities Center of Pennsyl-vania (ROC-PA), Restaurant Opportunities Centers United (ROC), Sargent Shriver Na-tional Center on Poverty Law, Service Em-ployees International Union (SEIU), South-west PA National Organization for Women, The Body Is Not An Apology (TBINAA, Inc.), Texas Organizing Project, The Voter Partici-pation Center, UltraViolet, Unitarian Uni-versalist Women’s Federation, Voices for Progress, Women Employed, Women’s Foun-dation of Florida, Women’s Law Project, Women’s Voices Women Vote Action Fund, Working America, Working Partnerships USA, Young Invincibles, YWCA USA. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this legislation, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ala-bama (Mrs. R
OBY), the author of the legislation. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Let me say how grateful I am for the leadership of Chairwoman F
OXXin the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee. She and her staff have been in-strumental in advancing this bill. I also want to thank my friend, my colleague from Alabama, B
RADLEY  B
YRNE , who serves as the chair on the Workforce Protections Subcommittee. He has been a champion for common-sense policies in the workplace, and I appreciate his hard work. Mr. Speaker, today’s workforce is more diverse than ever, especially as it concerns working parents. More than 70 percent of mothers today work out-side of the home; and that is different from 50 years ago, when that number was less than 30 percent. But while the workforce has changed quite a bit, our policies and laws that govern the workplace have not. As a working mom myself, I understand all too well how challenging it can be to balance career and family. Ask any working parent, and they will tell you just how precious their time is. They will tell you that they just need one more hour in the day to be able to take care of their family and all of those re-sponsibilities that come with it. I always say, Congress can’t legislate another hour in the day, but we can up-date our laws to allow more choice and fairness in how employees use their time. That is why I am proud to bring to the floor H.R. 1180, the Working Families Flexibility Act. Mr. Speaker, this bill does three im-portant things: it removes outdated and unnecessary Federal restrictions on the use of comp time in the private sector; it provides flexibility for work-ing moms and dads who need more time to spend taking care of their fam-ily responsibilities; and it dem-onstrates how commonsense conserv-ative principles can help Americans in their everyday lives. Here is how it works: an hourly wage employee would be able to voluntarily enter into an agreement with their em-ployer to put a portion of their accrued 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.025 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3041 May 2, 2017 
overtime towards paid time off instead of extra cash. An employee could sim-ply use the time-and-a-half overtime that they earned to take a paid hour and a half off of work instead of the extra money if that is what they want-ed. Ask yourselves: Should a working dad be forced to use up all of his vaca-tion time in order to get involved in his child’s school? Should a military mom, with her husband deployed, have to dip into her sick leave to make sure her kids have the support they need? Should someone with aging parents who require extra care have no option allowing them to devote more time and attention to their loved ones when they need it most? Under the Working Families Flexi-bility Act, those working moms and dads could have the option of using their accrued overtime toward paid time off, allowing them to take care of these responsibilities without losing the paycheck that they count on. Mr. Speaker, for anyone who works in the public sector, this comp time system probably sounds familiar. That is because, since 1985, government em-ployees have had access to comp time benefits. Why should the rules be different? If it is good enough for the government employees, why is it not good enough for the private sector? H.R. 1180 fixes this disparity by al-lowing for greater choice and fairness over how workers use their time. I have sponsored this bill for three straight Congresses now, so I am well aware of the criticism from the labor unions and their allies. They try to say this bill is somehow antiunion or antiworker. This is simply untrue. Of course, the truth is, many Big Labor groups will reflexively attack any pro-posal that would change a single word of the Fair Labor Standards Act. Iron-ically, labor unions themselves can, and often do, negotiate similar agree-ments for their members already. So I want to just go over a few of these criticisms quickly. Critics of this bill, as has already been stated in this debate, will tell you that it will some-how result in employees working longer hours for less pay. That is not true. The decision to receive comp time is completely voluntary. An em-ployee who prefers to receive cash pay-ment for overtime hours is always free to do so. Workers can withdraw from a comp time agreement whenever they choose. An employee who changes their mind or just can’t work out with their em-ployer when to use compensatory time can say, ‘‘You know what? I would rather have the cash payments that I accrued in my overtime,’’ and the em-ployer must provide that within 30 days. All existing protections in the Fair Labor Standards Act are maintained, including the 40-hour workweek, and how overtime compensation is accrued. Critics of this bill also say that it will allow employers to control when workers take their comp time. That is also not true. It is up to the employee to decide when to use his or her comp time. It is their time. My time is running out. There are other myths, and I hope during this de-bate that we will be able to go through what is myth, and what is fact, and I am happy to address that at any time. I want to thank again the chair-woman for her support, for her willing-ness to move this bill through com-mittee. We have got big issues in this coun-try to deal with right now: health care, funding the government, tax reform. And as we continue to work on those issues—and we will—nothing should stop us from doing what we can right now to help make life a little easier for moms and dads. The Working Families Flexibility Act does that by helping Americans better balance the demands of family and work. After all, this is their time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ), the vice ranking member on the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, unfor-tunately, too many workers in Oregon and across the country are still facing a great deal of economic uncertainty. They worry about rent payments, healthcare costs, saving for retirement, balancing family responsibilities and work, and making ends meet. Congress should be considering policy changes that support workers, not a bill that threatens their economic se-curity. This bill takes away overtime pay and, instead, a workers gets a vague IOU for compensatory time sometime in the future, and only if the comp time does not unduly disrupt the operations of the employer—whatever that means. I would like to share the story of Anjeanette. She said: 
I work as a waitress in a restaurant in Gresham, Oregon, that is part of a large chain. I have three children. I have never had a single paid sick day. A few years ago, when I was working in construction, I sprained my ankle badly and couldn’t go to work for a week. I didn’t have any paid sick days, so I lost a whole week’s pay, which meant I wasn’t able to pay all of my bills and I wasn’t able to pay for gas. 
Anjeanette is a single mother of three sons who also struggles to care for them when they get sick. In fact, when her youngest got the flu, her older son had to stay home from school to care for him. In May and June, we celebrate Moth-er’s Day and Father’s Day. This is a perfect time for Congress to focus on legislation that allows parents like Anjeanette to be more present in their kid’s lives and still pay their bills. Instead, this legislation would result in taking their overtime pay from their pockets. The so-called Working Fami-lies Flexibility Act is not a solution. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this legislation. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gen-tleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE), the chair of the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee, as well as a member of the Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1180, the Working Families Flexibility Act, and encourage all of my colleagues to do the same. This commonsense piece of legislation, sponsored by my friend and colleague from Alabama, M
ARTHA  R
OBY, would empower private sector workers with the flexibility to choose comp time as compensation for work-ing overtime hours instead of added wages. Specifically, the provisions of this legislation would be completely vol-untary for workers, allow them to ex-change their accrued time for full over-time pay at any time or for any reason, and would maintain the protections of the Fair Labor Standards Act, such as the standard 40-hour workweek. b1600 Mr. Speaker, I have heard our friends on the other side of the aisle express opposition to giving private sector em-ployees this choice. I would point out that the public sector employees have enjoyed the ability to use comp time to maintain a work-life balance for 30 years. We are simply doing the same thing for private sector employees that public sector employees have the right to do today. H.R. 1180 would benefit workers who want more flexibility to decide where they spend the time, with their fami-lies or pursue entrepreneurial or edu-cation ambitions outside the work-place, and these individuals should be admired for their efforts. At its most basic level, this legisla-tion is about choice and the belief that hardworking employees know their needs better than Washington bureau-crats. House Republicans believe it is time to adapt our labor laws to meet the needs of a rapidly changing 21st century workplace instead of imposing a one-size-fits-all, Washington-knows- best model. It is time to empower employees to make choices on what will allow them to better balance work with their per-sonal lives. This commonsense legisla-tion will ultimately improve not only their benefits but their lives. I want to again encourage my col-leagues to support H.R. 1180. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ), the ranking member of the Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Subcommittee of the Appropriations Committee. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this bill which would give workers less flexibility and less pay. The economic challenge of our time is that people are in jobs today that just don’t pay them enough to live on. They are struggling to make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.062 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3042 May 2, 2017 
ends meet. This bill would make that worse. It forces workers to decide between time-and-a-half overtime pay and paid time off when they work more than 40 hours a week. It enables employers to exert more control over employees’ wages and hours that hinders a work-er’s ability to plan family time, to have flexible and stable schedules, and, yes, to make ends meet. Rather than helping American work-ers earn better wages and more time off, this bill creates more power for employers to delay paying overtime wages for as long as 13 months. For people who need to work extra hours to pay those bills, this legislation forces them into an impossible choice be-tween time and money with no guar-antee of time off. This bill is nothing more than a false promise of time off and a pay cut. Working Americans deserve better. We have an obligation to pursue public policy that puts workers before cor-porations. Instead of forcing bad choices for workers about their time off, we ought to bring the Healthy Families Act to the floor which would enable workers to earn paid sick days, because no one should have to choose between getting healthy and putting food on the table. Instead of considering this legisla-tion which will hurt workers and their ability to earn fair wages, we should be considering the FAMILY Act, which would create a national paid leave in-surance program to allow workers to take time off while they are caring for a new child, a seriously ill family member, or their own serious health conditions. Instead of undermining workers’ schedules, we should be considering the Schedules That Work Act, which gives workers more control over their sched-ules, offers them real predictability and stability in their shifts and in their work hours. These are the policies that workers need, policies that reflect the realities of working in America today, the chal-lenges that workers face. This bill goes in the opposite direction. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose it. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. G
ROTHMAN ). Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to speak as well on the Working Families Flexibility Act. Over a period of time, a lot of the rules and regulations that this body has passed, it becomes apparent they are one-size-fits-all and lack common sense. I am glad to be a cosponsor of this bill which gives people the flexi-bility, if they work more than 40 hours in a week, they can take the cash if they need the cash. But for some peo-ple, either because of life cir-cumstances or because they are just less materialistic, they don’t want that cash. They would rather spend time with their family. I think particularly in today’s world where so many people live in two-par-ent families in which both people work, a lot of people would love to spend a day with their children instead of hav-ing their children in daycare. I think it is right that people should have the freedom to do that. We recognize for government employees we frequently have comp time in which if they work more than 40 hours a week, they can come back, spend more time with their family, or maybe just spend more time on recreation. It is high time we give that freedom to people in the private sector, high time to put family first, and we all have to remember that even though some people always want more money, some people say there are other things in life that are more important. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the Demo-cratic whip. (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, freedom to make less. What could be wrong with that? Freedom to make less. Now, I am an employer, and I tell my employees, you have the freedom to ei-ther work for time and a half or just take comp time. One employee says: Well, I will work for comp time. The other employee says: Mr. Boss, you know, I need that money. Well, the per-son I will choose to work will be the person who will do it for comp time. I don’t know whether there is a pro-vision to pay FICA on comp time or not in this bill, but I presume there is not. I presume there is an extraor-dinary saving to the employer, an in-centive to the employer to choose the employee who doesn’t need the extra money. Maybe their spouse makes a lot of money. Maybe not. This is the freedom to make less bill, and I rise in opposition to it as I did when it last came to this floor. Instead of requiring employers to provide their workers with overtime, as currently amended, this bill would allow them to replace overtime with comp time. Now, I have run a business. Most businessmen would not say it was a business because it was a law office. But I had employees, and I had to pay them. I wanted to pay them. I needed to pay them. When they worked over-time, I needed to pay them overtime. In other words, this bill provides if you work more than 40 hours a week, in-stead of getting time and a half for overtime, your boss can tell you no. In-stead, you get paid time off, but you don’t get to choose when you get to take it. Now, if you only have one employee, that is not a problem because they have a choice. But if you have two em-ployees and one employee makes the choice, as I pointed out, of getting comp time, such a deal for the boss. And, yes, probably a pretty good deal for the person who can afford to just take comp time and doesn’t need that time and a half. The problem is, of course, as the pre-vious speaker on our side said, we are having trouble getting people to a wage on which they can live and support themselves and their families. They need that time and a half. And while we say it is voluntary and their choice, as a practical matter, as I have just pointed out, it is not. Ms. FOXX. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. HOYER. I yield to the gentle-woman from North Carolina. Ms. FOXX. I would like to ask the gentleman if he could point out in the bill where you cede the power to the employer because that is not in this legislation. I would love it if you would just point that out to us in the legisla-tion. Mr. HOYER. Where it is is not articu-lated in the bill, but you don’t say if there are two employees in the exam-ple I have given, Madam Chair, wheth-er or not the employer can say: Em-ployee A, you are going to take some comp time, so would you work an hour and a half or 2 hours overtime? But Employee B, I know you can’t afford to do that, you have got to be home with your child, and if you are going to work, you need the overtime to pay, perhaps, for the extra childcare. There is nothing in your bill that precludes the employer from doing that; is there? I yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX). Ms. FOXX. It is totally voluntary on the part of the employee. Mr. HOYER. I understand that. My example was totally a voluntary com-mitment by someone who will work for comp time. This is a bill, as I said at the beginning, you can work more and get less. Mr. Speaker, we ought to defeat this bill because employees and every em-ployee organization that I know of has been articulating opposition to this bill because they know it will hurt employ-ees. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self 30 seconds. Mr. Speaker, this bill strengthens protections for workers and increases penalties for abuses. It contains strong anticoercion provisions that would pro-hibit an employer from directly or in-directly trying to intimidate or coerce workers. Employers found to have coerced em-ployees would be liable to the employ-ees for double damages. And all exist-ing remedies, including action by the U.S. Department of Labor, are avail-able to workers if an employer fails to pay cash wages for overtime hours. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), the chairman of the Small Business Com-mittee. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Working Fami-lies Flexibility Act. I want to com-mend my colleague, the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY), for intro-ducing this legislation which will help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.064 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3043 May 2, 2017 
private sector employees increase workplace flexibility. This week is National Small Business Week, a time to celebrate America’s 29 million small businesses which employ nearly half of the private sector work-force, and, as was mentioned, I happen to be the chairman of the House Small Business Committee. Small businesses are run by our neighbors and families and friends, and they offer working families the chance to get ahead. Small businesses are also known for treating their employees well and providing workplace flexi-bility. This bill will allow small businesses to give their hourly employees another option that public sector employees have enjoyed for many years, the choice of being paid off instead of cash wages for overtime hours worked. While some employees may prefer wages for the overtime hours they put in, others might want to use that time to attend their child’s piano recital or go to a sports event or caring for an el-derly parent. This bill gives them that choice. It is the employee’s choice, not the employer. The flexibility is crucial for families where there is a single parent or both parents work full time. Importantly, this bill does not force any employee to take comp time, and it provides protec-tions such as requiring the employer and employee to enter into a written comp time agreement. The Working Families Flexibility Act will allow small businesses to offer their employees a new benefit. As we celebrate National Small Business Week, let’s give small businesses an-other way to make the lives of working families a little easier. It seems like a lot of the folks on the other side of aisle oftentimes think that small businesses are going to try to get away with anything that they can possibly get away with, that they want to exploit their workers, they are going to take advantage of them, we just can’t trust them. Almost every small business in this country cares not only about their business, but they care about their employees. Mr. Speaker, let’s give them credit for something. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ), the ranking member of the Workforce Pro-tections Subcommittee of the Edu-cation and the Workforce Committee. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 1180 for a simple reason: the Working Fami-lies Flexibility Act does not give work-ing families more flexibility. In fact, it gives them nothing. The bill contains no meaningful rights for workers that they don’t al-ready have. Instead, it is employers who get the flexibility and the power to withhold overtime pay in exchange for a false promise of comp time in the future. b1615 This bill takes the simple idea that workers should be paid when they work overtime and creates a more com-plicated system in which employers can pressure their workers to accept comp time instead of cash and then refuse to give them that comp time until it is convenient. Even the American Sustainable Busi-ness Council opposes the bill, and I in-clude their letter in the RECORD . 
AMERICAN SUSTAINABLE  B
USINESS COUNCIL , April 24, 2017. Hon. V
IRGINIA FOXX, Chairman, Committee on Education and the Workforce, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. B
RADLEY BYRNE , Chairman, Subcommittee on Workforce Protec-tions, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. R
OBERT ‘‘BOBBY ’’ SCOTT, Ranking Member, Committee on Education and the Workforce, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. M
ARKTAKANO , Ranking Member, Subcommittee on Workforce Protections, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRPERSONS FOXX AND BYRNE , AND R
ANKING MEMBERS SCOTT AND TAKANO : On behalf of our members and supporter organi-zations, the American Sustainable Business Council (ASBC) is writing to express our op-position to the Working Families Flexibility Act (H.R. 1180/S. 801) of 2017. The misleadingly named bill, as introduced by Representative Martha Roby, is the wrong way to encourage employers to offer work-life benefits to their employees. This bill would create a major liability on the balance sheet of small businesses whose employees have ‘‘banked’’ away their over-time comp hours. This liability then be-comes a scheduling and accounting challenge when employees decide to trade in banked hours, requiring business owners to make unexpected shifts in personnel assignments and paychecks. Obviously, small businesses with fewer resources and employees would be even harder hit by these onerous logistical challenges than larger corporations. It is important that more supporting meas-ures are taken to ensure the success of small business. In the spirit of pursuing pro-busi-ness legislation, the Working Families Flexi-bility Act proves itself to be anything but flexible for employees and even more burden-some for employers. The sheer volume of tracking requirements has the potential to result in improper penalties being assessed by various government agencies. The bill will stymie, not foster, economic activity in the private sector. In addition, this bill would create head-aches for any employer who must track banked hours across multiple employees and make the required organizational rearrange-ments. These factors could put business own-ers in the position of making uncomfortable decisions regarding their employees which could, in turn, lower the morale of their workforce. Current law does not deny employers and employees the ability to develop mutually beneficial flexible scheduling if they so choose, which makes this an unnecessary new law. If Representatives Roby is truly concerned about creating flexibility for working families, there are other, less oner-ous options. The Healthy Families Act, for instance, would provide workers the right to earn up to seven earned paid sick days each year to recover from illness, to care for a family member, to seek routine medical care, or to manage other unpredictable necessities of day-to-day life. Employers who provide this type of leave already would not have to pro-vide additional sick time. This method is a more predictable and easier approach to im-plement for employers. ASBC is a growing national coalition of businesses and business organizations com-mitted to advancing policies that support a vibrant and sustainable economy. ASBC rep-resents over 250,000 businesses and more than 300,000 business professionals, including in-dustry trade associations, local and state chambers of commerce, microenterprise, so-cial enterprise, green and sustainable busi-ness, local and community-rooted business, women and minority business leaders, and investors. The Working Families Flexibility Act is a poorly designed bill for both employers and employees. In the interest of working fami-lies who need true flexibility, and the busi-nesses who rely on those family members, we urge you to vote against it. Sincerely, RICHARD EIDLIN , Co-Founder & Vice President of Public Policy. 
Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, this is a terrible deal for working families. This bill should be called the betrayal of working families act. Mr. Speaker, I do not believe my col-leagues in the majority are inten-tionally eroding the rights of working families. I do not believe they lack re-spect or compassion for the millions of hardworking Americans who feel stuck and powerless in this economy. But I do believe that, when faced with a choice between protecting work-ers and rewarding corporations, they routinely fall on the side of corporate interests. The evidence is in this bill. The evidence is in their vote to roll back workplace safety reporting stand-ards. The evidence is in their vote to block the fiduciary rule, and the evi-dence is in the majority’s continued re-sistance to restoring overtime protec-tions for millions of middle class work-ers. President Trump promised to give power back to the people. This legisla-tion betrays that promise, and it be-trays the people who desperately need a voice in Washington. I call on my colleagues to oppose H.R. 1180. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentle-woman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ), a member of the Ways and Means Com-mittee. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of H.R. 1180, the Working Families Flexibility Act. Hardworking Americans who are paid hourly wages and work overtime should have the choice to receive the money or annual leave to spend how they choose. Under our outdated law, they don’t have this choice today. This commonsense legislation will fix that and directly benefit workers and their families. As a single working mom myself, I know firsthand the difficulties parents encounter when trying to balance work and family responsibilities. For hourly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.065 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3044 May 2, 2017 
workers having the voluntary option to take either money or more time with their families opens up a world of pos-sibilities for folks to spend more time with their kids, run errands, or make appointments. This is an option provided to workers in the public sector. Why wouldn’t we want to give this option to all Amer-ican workers? I support this family friendly legisla-tion. I encourage my colleagues to sup-port it as well. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ). Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this misleading name, Working Families Flexibility Act. Quite simply, this is a bait-and- switch proposal. It awards employers flexibility, not the families who need it. It fails ordinary working men and women, like the mom who has no over-time stored up and must go into credit card debt after having a baby or the dad who has worked long, crushing overtime hours but can’t afford to give up his pay in order to stay home with his ill son. Mr. Speaker, Democrats have better solutions: 12 weeks of paid family leave, guaranteed paid sick days. These are proposals that will modernize our workplace. It will lead to better work-ers and stronger families. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentle-woman from Tennessee (Mrs. B
LACK -
BURN ). Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman F
OXX and Chairman R
OBYfor the outstanding job that they have done on this. Listening to my colleagues, you would think that there is a lack of un-derstanding, if you will, to that old saying that women want more time. As one of my constituents asked me today: If you pass this bill, is it going to mean that I can bank my time dur-ing tax season, take time and a half and use it to take a field trip or a school trip with my child? I said: Absolutely. Because this is a bill that puts you in charge of how you want to be compensated for overtime work. Do you want the money? Do you want the added time so that you have control of your schedule? Yes, this is about empowering the employee. It is so interesting, the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 put in place something for the public sector. They forgot about the private sector. You could look at this and say, well, it is a correction within the law so that not only public sector employees, but also private sector employees have the abil-ity to say: I choose to have more time at this point in my career. I want the flexibility. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ). Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this bill, H.R. 1180, the Working Families Flexibility Act. There is nothing in this bill that pro-vides any flexibility to working fami-lies. In fact, Mr. Speaker, we all seem to have names for this bill, but mine is that it should be called the employer flexibility act because that is what it really does. It gives employers flexi-bility to not pay for time worked. It is a smoke-and-mirrors promise that ulti-mately helps employers but hurts workers. The choice between overtime pay and comp time is a false choice for work-ers, Mr. Speaker. We know what hap-pens in the reality of the workplace. The vague promise of time off in the future is often never realized, and many hourly workers may feel com-pelled by employers to forfeit their overtime pay to accept comp time. Workers do need more flexibility, more money, and more control over their lives, but this bill is a cruel joke on workers. At a time when America’s working families are strapped for both time and money, this bill takes time away from families and offers them less money in every paycheck. In the end, there is no guarantee that employ-ers will let their employees take the time off when they need it. Here is the story of Camilla, from my home State of Washington. This is what she wrote: It was my first job out of college. I was given comp time in lieu of overtime pay. I worked so much overtime that, in just over 6 months’ time, I had accrued 2 weeks of comp time. When I scheduled my time off, I was told I could not take the time off, as I had not worked there for a full year. I had already purchased airfare. I ended up quit-ting my job. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge our Republican majority to go back to the table and return with legislation that provides real flexibility to American families: raise the minimum wage; ensure that hourly workers have paid sick leave; make sure that families don’t suffer from pay discrimination. That is what the American people expect us to be working on. Not false choices in the name of flexibility. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Georgia (Mr. A
LLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 1108, the Work-ing Families Flexibility Act. Many Americans can relate to the difficulties of balancing work duties with family obligations. It is not al-ways easy to attend a parent-teacher conference, care for an aging parent, or stay home with a newborn when out-dated Federal laws create constant bar-riers to workplace flexibility. H.R. 1180 will amend the outdated Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 and bring much-needed reform to the work-place. It will give employers the free-dom to offer employees a choice be-tween cash wages and comp time for overtime hours worked. I emphasize this is a voluntary op-tion, which means that employees who want to receive cash wages can con-tinue to do so; and if they choose to ac-cept comp time and change their mind, it allows workers to withdraw and re-ceive cash wages whenever they choose. By passing this bill, American work-ers will gain more flexibility in the workplace, allowing them to have more time to spend with the people they love. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation that supports our American workers. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. Mr. Speaker, there was mention about the legislative history back in the 1980s. The fact is there was no men-tion in legislative history that Con-gress passed the comp time legislation to be family friendly or to provide flexibility. The legislation was passed purely to respond to States’ and local-ities’ concerns about fiscal pressures created by the Supreme Court case Garcia v. San Antonio Metropolitan Transportation Authority. So I think it ought to be clear that these are en-tirely different issues. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ESPAILLAT ). Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 1180, the so-called Working Families Flexi-bility Act. The name of this bill is pretty deceiv-ing. In reality, this legislation only worsens the significant problem of wage theft. Violators of our wage and hour laws do not need another way to cheat workers out of their pay, but that is exactly what H.R. 1180 gives them. The problem of wage theft has reached epidemic proportions, and overtime violations are too common. All H.R. 1180 does is give dishonest em-ployers who want to steal workers’ paychecks any number of smoke screens—like denying requested and hard-earned time off because it would be an undue burden to business oper-ations—to hide behind. Further, we know from experience that significant litigation over pay-ment of wages owed under comp time programs in the public sector exist. Yet this legislation includes no addi-tional funding for the Department of Labor to enforce or implement these provisions. Even worse, this legislation is being considered while President Trump has proposed a severe 21 percent budget cut to DOL. It simply makes no sense to give unscrupulous employers another mechanism for stealing workers’ hard- earned paychecks while providing no additional resources for employees who need help recovering their stolen pay. I would like to share a story from a New Yorker who has felt the direct and negative consequences of wage theft and comp time. During her 40-plus years as a secretary, word processor, and paralegal, she worked hundreds of extra hours and was frequently prom-ised comp time. She never received it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.068 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3045 May 2, 2017 
Not once. Further, any overtime pay was usually conveniently forgotten, and she feared she would lose her job if she asked for her rightful pay or prom-ised time off. Rather than protect employees like this woman, H.R. 1180 will do the oppo-site and produce more of these unjust horrendous stories. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
HIMKUS ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from New York. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I of-fered an amendment during the mark-up of this bill which would have stopped this legislation from enabling bad actors to cheat workers out of their pay. It would have exempted will-ful and repeated violators of the min-imum wage and overtime protections from this act, but my Republican col-leagues unanimously voted against this amendment, a clear indication of where they stand on protecting hard-working Americans. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ala-bama (Mrs. R
OBY), the author of the bill. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, in response to the gentleman’s comments that he just made, it is well worth repeating: this bill actually strengthens protec-tions for workers and increases pen-alties for abuse. It contains in it strong anticoercion provisions. We have to be factual about what is actually in the bill. This bill prohibits an employer from directly or indi-rectly, as suggested by the gentleman, trying to intimidate or coerce workers. Employers found to have coerced em-ployees would be liable to those em-ployees for double damages. Of course, in response to the previous statements, all existing enforcement remedies, including action by the U.S. Department of Labor, are available to workers if an employer failed to pay cash wages for overtime hours or un-reasonably refuses to allow workers to use their accrued comp time. b1630 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask the gentlewoman to show where in the bill the penalties are actually more than they are today? Ms. FOXX. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to take the gentleman’s time to ex-plain where in the bill. It is section 4, and we will give you the text of it. Give us a second. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. And how is that different from what the Federal law is now? Ms. FOXX. How much time, Mr. Speaker, do I have? Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, in the meanwhile, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Actually, the idea of the 40-hour day began over—yesterday makes 130 years at Haymarket Square in the city of Chicago, my hometown. And the idea is very simple: that after 40 hours of work, which is a reasonable time in most industrialized countries in the world, that people then get overtime pay. It is something that helps strengthen families and is good for workers to have money in their pock-ets. But the idea here, under the guise of flexibility—which is a really nice word—is it allows employers to deny extra hours to workers who want over-time. Instead, they can pick those who are willing to work long hours without pay for promises in the future that they would be able to have comp time, that they would be able to make it up at a time of their boss’ choosing. Oh, they say over a negotiation, but go ahead and try and negotiate with your employer about that. While the majority argues that pro-viding comp time to private sector workers creates parity between the public and private sector, workers in the public sector have many more pro-tections than workers in the private sector right now. Union density in the public sector is five to six times the union density of the private sector. Workers represented by unions have far more bargaining power than unrepresented workers, greatly increasing the potential for employer abuse of comp time and de-creasing the employees’ ability to de-fend themselves from such abuses. Workers in the public sector have more job security, higher wages than their private sector counterparts. This means public sector workers are less likely to be putting their jobs at risk. So this is just a bad idea, hurts work-ers, hurts families, hurts the long-standing idea of the 40-hour workweek. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, the gen-tleman had asked a question, and we are prepared to answer on his time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY). Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to point the gentleman to page 4 of the bill, in section 4, beginning on line 21: ‘‘An employer that provides com-pensatory time under Paragraph 1 to employees shall not directly or indi-rectly intimidate, threaten, or coerce or attempt to intimidate, threaten, or coerce any employee for the purpose of . . . ’’ And then it goes through ‘‘re-quiring any employee to use such com-pensatory time.’’ If you turn to page 7 of the bill, under section 3, remedies, subsection F, it di-rectly addresses the damages. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 15 seconds just to include in the R
ECORD section 216 of the Fair Labor Standards Act, which says essen-tially the same penalties are available in the present law as in the bill. § 216. Penalties (a) Fines and imprisonment Any person who willfully violates any of the provisions of section 215 of this title shall upon conviction thereof be subject to a fine of not more than $10,000, or to imprison-ment for not more than six months, or both. No person shall be imprisoned under this subsection except for an offense committed after the conviction of such person for a prior offense under this subsection. (b) Damages; right of action; attorney’s fees and costs; termination of right of action Any employer who violates the provisions of section 206 or section 207 of this title shall be liable to the employee or employees af-fected in the amount of their unpaid min-imum wages, or their unpaid overtime com-pensation, as the case may be, and in an ad-ditional equal amount as liquidated dam-ages. Any employer who violates the provi-sions of section 215(a)(3) of this title shall be liable for such legal or equitable relief as may be appropriate to effectuate the pur-poses of section 215(a)(3) of this title, includ-ing without limitation employment, rein-statement, promotion, and the payment of wages lost and an additional equal amount as liquidated damages. An action to recover the liability prescribed in either of the pre-ceding sentences may be maintained against any employer (including a public agency) in any Federal or State court of competent ju-risdiction by any one or more employees for and in behalf of himself or themselves and other employees similarly situated. No em-ployee shall be a party plaintiff to any such action unless he gives his consent in writing to become such a party and such consent is filed in the court in which such action is brought. The court in such action shall, in addition to any judgment awarded to the plaintiff or plaintiffs, allow a reasonable at-torney’s fee to be paid by the defendant, and costs of the action. The right provided by this subsection to bring an action by or on behalf of any employee, and the right of any employee to become a party plaintiff to any such action, shall terminate upon the filing of a complaint by the Secretary of Labor in an action under section 217 of this title in which (1) restraint is sought of any further delay in the payment of unpaid minimum wages, or the amount of unpaid overtime compensation, as the case may be, owing to such employee under section 206 or section 207 of this title by an employer liable there-for under the provisions of this subsection or (2) legal or equitable relief is sought as a re-sult of alleged violations of section 215(a)(3) of this title. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Ala-bama (Mrs. R
OBY). Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I would just like to say in addition: You are saying that it is the same remedies under the current law. But you have to remember, the cash-out provisions are also a strengthening of employees’ rights under this bill; that at any time that the employee wishes to cash out, within 30 days, the employer must honor that and provide the accrued overtime and cash wages. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I would like to point out a couple of things in response to some of what our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.069 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3046 May 2, 2017 
colleagues have said. This bill is giving workers the freedom to choose. I want to reiterate that. Our colleagues on the other side of the aisle are always big on giving women, in particular, the right to choose when it comes to abortions. This gives women and men both a right to choose when it comes to their time; and, to me, there is no more com-modity more precious to us than our time. I also want to say that our colleagues have said there are no meaningful rights that they don’t already have. Well, Mr. Speaker, if the workers in the private sector already had these rights, we wouldn’t be putting this law up for a vote. Our colleague from Illinois, a few minutes ago, outlined all these wonder-ful benefits that the public sector em-ployees have, and she is right. The pri-vate sector people would love to have the same rights that the public sector people have that are paid for by hard-working taxpayers. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. I include in the R
ECORD letters from AFSCME and the National Education Association in opposition to the legis-lation. 
AFSCME, April 4, 2017. S
UBCOMMITTEE ON WORKFORCE PROTECTIONS  
OF THE COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE  W
ORKFORCE , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 1.6 million members of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), I urge you to oppose H.R. 1180, the Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017. H.R. 1180 claims to help American workers better balance the needs of family and the workplace by allowing employers to offer private-sector employees the choice of paid time off in lieu of cash wages for overtime hours worked. But contrary to its stated pur-poses, the proposed law will result in more overtime hours for employees for less money and without any guarantee of compensatory time when needed. For over 80 years and counting, the Fed-eral Labor Standards Act (FLSA) establishes the basic requirements for wage and hour protections including overtime compensa-tion. Under FLSA, overtime compensation must be provided for covered employees working more than the maximum period of 40 hours per week. However, H.R. 1180 pro-vides no guaranteed right for an employee to use banked compensatory time when needed, even in the case of a personal or family emergency. Instead, this legislation gives discretion to the employer to permit use of compensatory time only ‘‘within a reason-able period after making the request if the use of the compensatory time does not un-duly disrupt the operations of the em-ployer.’’ This legislation calls for an irresponsible change to the FLSA that will negatively im-pact worker’s actual take home pay, and the valued time spent with their family when both are needed for workers’ financial sta-bility and to address family obligations. Also, if an employee’s request to use comp time is denied because the employer unilat-erally decides it is ‘‘unduly disruptive’’, the law provides no recourse. And then, even when provided the compensatory time, the use of that time is controlled solely by the employer. In short, employees can be denied overtime pay, and effectively be prevented from meeting their family needs. Our experience in the public sector has re-vealed that employers’ control over the use of compensatory time inflicts very real hard-ships on the public employees entitled to compensatory time for their overtime work. Employees request specific dates for valid reasons. Employees need the earned time off for milestones such as children’s birthdays, family and friends’ weddings, funerals, scheduled vacations and other date-specific activities. Giving the employer veto power has been burdensome and abused by employers in the public sector and it has been cause for litiga-tion. In theory, employees may take com-pensatory time within a reasonable period after making the request. In practice, it cre-ates problems for employees denied the time when they need it and the language of the law becomes a false promise. Balancing the demands of family and the workplace are already a challenge for far too many workers. At a time in our country when our priority should be investing in sta-ble jobs with good wages and benefits, our attention should not be on legislation that would further hurt workers who are already subjected to very little formality with re-spect to an agreement to take compensatory time off in lieu of overtime pay. Nothing in the current compensatory time- off application of the FLSA prevents em-ployers from giving leave to employees who work long hours. Neither does the new pro-posal offer the critical protections workers need in the 21st century. Workers need solu-tions that actually help them manage work and family responsibilities; not a law that will provide less flexibility to a workforce under the guise of providing more. H.R. 1180 attacks workers’ paychecks, time off and flexibility; and AFSCME strongly op-poses this bill. Sincerely, S
COTT FREY, Director of Federal Government Affairs. 
NATIONAL EDUCATION ASSOCIATION , May 1, 2017. U.S. C
ONGRESS , Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the three million members of the National Edu-cation Association and the 50 million stu-dents they serve, in advance of this week’s vote we urge you to vote NO on the Working Families Flexibility Act (H.R. 1180). Votes on this issue may be included in NEA’s Report Card for the 115th Congress. This deceptively named bill would hurt, not help, working families. Instead of extra pay for overtime, low-wage workers could re-ceive ‘‘comp’’ time—paid time off. But the employer, not the employee, would decide when time off is granted. There is no guar-antee workers could take time off when they need it most—for example, to care for a sick child, attend a parent-teacher conference, help an aging parent, or other attend to other pressing responsibilities. Employers could defer compensation for unused comp time for up to 13 months, a real hardship for low-wage workers who struggle to make ends meet. Employers could also unilaterally de-cide to ‘‘cash out’’ comp time in excess of 80 hours or discontinue their entire comp time program with just 30 days’ notice, leaving employees in the lurch. In short, in exchange for longer hours at lower pay, workers get the possibility—but no guarantee—of extra time to care for their families or time off when they really need it. All working people—not just those who spend more than 40 hours a week on the job— need guaranteed access to paid sick days and paid family and medical leave. Too few em-ployers provide these protections now, espe-cially for employees paid by the hour. Again, we urge you to vote NO on the Working Fam-ilies Flexibility Act and focus instead on truly family-friendly policies that reflect the realities of the 21st century workplace. Sincerely, MARCEGAN, Director of Government Relations. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I want to point out that AFSCME, the NEA, ATU, and other public service unions have written letters in opposi-tion. One from AFSCME: ‘‘Our experience in the public sector has revealed that employers’ control over the use of com-pensatory time inflicts very real hard-ships on public employees entitled to compensatory time for their overtime work. Employees request specific dates for valid reasons. Employees need the earned time off for milestones such as children’s birthdays, family and friends’ weddings. . . .’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself an additional 30 seconds. ‘‘Giving the employer veto power has been burdensome and abused by em-ployers in the public sector and it has been cause for litigation. In theory, employees may take compensatory time within a reasonable period after making the request. In practice, it cre-ates problems for employees denied the time when they need it and the lan-guage of the law becomes a false prom-ise.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I have listened to the debate on the floor, and I want to join my fellow col-leagues—women and men of the Demo-cratic Caucus—on opposing the Work-ing Families Flexibility Act of 2017. I just have one anecdotal story that reflects the constituents that I rep-resent. Take that woman who I saw— when going to my elementary schools, visiting them, I saw a mother who got up at 4 in the morning to take three buses to drop her young child off at an elementary school, and then get two buses back to work, an hourly wage maker. She does it because, one, she is supporting her child and, two, she has got to work. This bill is a complete undermining of all of the hardworking men and women who need their money to pay a light bill, to pay rent, maybe even a mortgage, to pay the normal expenses that many take for granted. And this bill wants to substitute compensatory time for overtime pay. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.071 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3047 May 2, 2017 
So I cannot imagine that anyone with a heart would have this legisla-tion as a substitute for this hard-working mother to be paid overtime. I just can’t imagine that compensatory time off cannot pay the light bill, can-not pay rent, cannot pay healthcare costs, which we see are immediately being taken away from 24 million Americans. So I oppose this legislation because I want to stand on the side of the hard-working mother who needs her re-sources for a school uniform, a school trip, a rent payment, a light bill. Mr. Speaker, this bill should be op-posed. It does not serve the American people. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia has 6
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I include in the R
ECORD a letter from the Amalgamated Transit Union against the bill. 
AMALGAMATED TRANSIT UNION, Silver Spring, MD, May 1, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the Amalgamated Transit Union (ATU), the larg-est labor organization representing public transit workers in the United States, I am urging you to oppose the Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017 (H.R. 1180). The title of the legislation is extremely misleading, as the bill actually provides flexibility only to employers—not workers—and hurts working families who are already struggling to make ends meet. In response to an epidemic of workers plagued by mandatory excessive hours, Con-gress in 1938 made the wise decision to pass the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA), estab-lishing the 40-hour workweek that we all take for granted today. This landmark legis-lation, requiring that employers pay a time- and-a-half cash premium for overtime work, serves as the only deterrent from employers demanding excessive hours by making over-time work more expensive for them. H.R. 1180 would remove this barrier. Forced overtime is already a serious prob-lem in the transit industry, and many of ATU’s bargaining units are increasingly in the private sector and thus subject to FLSA rules. If privatized transit operations were provided with the ‘‘flexibility’’ to offer work-ers comp time instead of being paid time- and-a-half for overtime, we would see prolific abuse of overtime. Intercity bus operators are already exempt from FLSA overtime provisions, and as a result, there has re-cently been one horrific crash after another on U.S. Highways caused by driver fatigue. In fact, according to the National Transpor-tation Safety Board (NTSB), driver fatigue is responsible for a staggering 36% of fatalities due to intercity bus crashes. If H.R. 1180 is passed, it would lead to widespread fatigue throughout the transit industry as well. Quite simply, more buses will be involved in crashes due to fatigued drivers, and innocent people will die. Moreover, the so-called flexibility under this bill is one-sided, putting management in total control. Private transit companies, which generally cast safety concerns to the wind and have no regard for anything other than the bottom line, would be able to decide if a requested absence on a particular day would ‘‘unduly disrupt’’ business operations and specify an alternative date which is not at all convenient for an employee. The need to discourage working people to the brink of exhaustion is as necessary today as it was nearly 80 years ago. America needs to maintain the disincentive for employers to force workers to spend more time away from their families. If additional hiring is needed, then workforces should be expanded. In the transportation industry, this is a mat-ter of life and death. H.R. 1180 is bad for workers, dangerous for transit passengers, and another example of a solution in search of a problem. Please op-pose and work to defeat this ill-advised legis-lation. Thank you for your consideration of our views. Sincerely, LAWRENCE J. H ANLEY , International President. 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, under this bill, there are no advantages to the employee. Without this bill, an employee can work overtime, make the money, and then have enough money to afford to be able to take subsequent time off without pay. That is about what this bill does. But with the bill, it allows the em-ployers to work people overtime and avoid paying the overtime wages. The employer just lets the people take their comp time when work is slow, so the employer never has to pay the overtime. This bill allows the employer to de-cide when the comp time can be taken. The employee can request, but the em-ployer has the final word because the bill says that the comp time can be de-nied if the time off unduly disrupts op-erations. And guess who gets to decide that measure? Those employees who want to work extra time to make extra pay will lose that opportunity to fellow employees who agree to ingratiate themselves to the employer by saving their employer money by accepting comp time instead of overtime pay. There is no coercion. Preference is just given to those who will accept the comp time and not the real wages. Mr. Speaker, this bill offers nothing to the employees. It offers the em-ployer the opportunity to avoid paying overtime. That is why all of the rep-resentatives of workers oppose the leg-islation, and I think we should, too. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. We have heard from our colleagues that we are just not doing enough for working people, and we have also heard from our colleagues that all employers are evil people. I tell you, Mr. Speaker, it is aston-ishing to me that we have as many peo-ple working in this country as we do under all these evil employers. They must have run into just the worst peo-ple in the world. I don’t ever run into people like that. Everybody I know that has employees is cherishing them because they need them, and they treat them right. They have often said there are other things that we can do. But, Mr. Speak-er, we have this bill in front of us, and it gives workers something that our colleagues cannot give them: the free-dom to choose and to have more time. Edward Everett Hale said: ‘‘I am only one; but still I am one. I cannot do ev-erything; but still I can do something; and because I cannot do everything, I will not refuse to do the something that I can do.’’ That is what this bill does. Congress-woman ROBYhas introduced a bill—and many people have signed on—that will do one thing for people in the private sector. It will give them the same rights that people in the public sector have, to turn overtime into comp time. It is a pro-worker, pro-family pro-posal that will make a positive dif-ference in the lives of many Ameri-cans. The Federal Government shouldn’t stand in the way of more flexibility in the workplace. Today we have a chance to empower single parents, moms and dads with a newborn, students trying to earn a col-lege diploma, and so many other indi-viduals who simply need more time to meet their needs. b1645 We have heard a lot of excuses from Democrats today. It is the same story we have heard for years in an effort to deny workers the freedom to do what is best for them based on their own val-ues. However, the concerns we heard have been addressed. This bill provides very strong worker protections to en-sure the decision to choose comp time is voluntary. It gives workers a choice and puts them in control of their time. Let’s vote in favor of freedom and flexibility for American workers today. Let’s give private sector employees the same choice that government workers have. Let’s establish fairness in our Nation’s workforce policies. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to help more Americans balance the de-mands of work and family by sup-porting the Working Families Flexi-bility Act. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition H.R. 1180, a bill that would rob workers of pay they’ve earned. This proposal guts overtime protections and forces working men and women to make the false choice between time with their loved ones and a fair wage. Instead of offering ‘‘flexibility’’ to working families, employers should be following the letter of the law and pay workers fairly for the hours they work. Employers shouldn’t be able to put their work-ers’ well-being at risk under the guise of giving workers a choice. If Republicans truly wanted to help working families, they would guarantee paid sick days and paid family leave instead of offering the ‘‘flexibility’’ for employers to choose how work-ers live their lives. This bill is a bait and switch that amounts to nothing more than another at-tack on worker’s rights. I strongly oppose this bill and urge my colleagues to vote no. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, nearly ten years ago Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.072 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3048 May 2, 2017 
Ted Kennedy and I introduced a bill called the Working Families Flexibility Act. The bill before us today has the same name and its supporters may try to claim it fixes the same problems we were trying to fix, but, Mr. Speaker this is not Senator Kennedy’s bill and in fact it bears little resemblance to the bill he and I worked on and that Sen. B
OBCASEY and I have reintroduced this week. Let me be clear, the bill before us today cre-ates zero new rights for workers. Zero. In fact, under this bill working families would have even less flexibility than they do now to care for a child or sick family member. This GOP bill allows employers to withhold desperately needed overtime pay for months at a time. It lets bosses hold back overtime earnings, and only pay them out when employees re-quest the money they have earned. And even if employees do ask, which is ri-diculous since it is money that they earned and should not have to ask their bosses if they can get paid for work they already did— bosses are given a month to write that over-time check. And if it wasn’t clear enough that this bill is not about helping working families, this bill puts all decisions about when employees can use flex time in the hands of their bosses. Want to take an extra week off in the sum-mer when kids are out of school? Too bad, that doesn’t fit with your boss’ plans. Even if you work hard for six months to build up that extra comp time, your employer can still deny that request. We should be ashamed that the U.S. stands out in the world as a country that requires the least family-friendly benefits for workers. How can we call ourselves a country dedicated to family values when we don’t support working families? The real value of the minimum wage has severely eroded, and the new administration has blocked a badly needed update to our overtime protections. We have no mandated paid parental leave. No paid sick days. No fair, predictable sched-uling. No flexible work arrangements. And American families are paying dearly for our inaction. So let’s not call this bill the Working Fami-lies Flexibility Act. That’s an insult to millions of working fami-lies across the country and it’s an insult to the late-Senator Ted Kennedy who did so much for the working families of this Nation. I urge my colleagues to oppose. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 299, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Yes, I am op-posed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: Mr. Scott of Virginia moves to recommit the bill H.R. 1180 to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce with instructions to report the same back to the House forth-with, with the following amendment: At the end of the bill, add the following new section: 
SEC. 7. MINIMUM SICK DAYS. 
This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall not apply to any employee who does not receive from his or her em-ployer fewer than seven paid sick days, which days may be used to seek medical care for a pre-existing health condition. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill nor send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final pas-sage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, the underlying bill would undermine workers’ access to overtime pay and provide them with no real benefit in return, and that is why all of the groups representing workers oppose it. So, instead of undermining employment protections that boost wages for working Americans such as overtime pay, we should work towards ensuring that American workers can remain healthy while on the job. Critical to that goal is guaranteeing true workplace flexibility by ensuring that workers do not have to choose be-tween their health and their paycheck. So, if the majority is truly concerned about American workers, then the ma-jority should work with us to provide workers the paid time off they need to care for themselves and their families. They could easily do that by sup-porting the Healthy Families Act, which would give workers the right to earn up to 7 paid sick days. This motion to recommit would pro-tect workers by ensuring that only em-ployees who are subjected to this comp time arrangement would be those who have at least 7 paid sick days. Pro-viding paid sick days is not only good for working families, it is also good for business, public health, and our overall economy. Providing paid sick days de-creases employee turnover and pre-vents illness from being spread throughout the workplace. If we are truly concerned about workers, we should not ask them to spend more time away from their fami-lies and forfeit their overtime pay in order to take the time off when they are sick or when they need to care for a sick child. Mr. Speaker, while we are consid-ering this bill, we are also considering healthcare legislation that Repub-licans are trying to pass which would rob American families of protection under the Affordable Care Act that re-quires coverage for preexisting condi-tions. We know that President Trump has promised to repeal the ACA on day one, and Republicans have spent 7 years complaining about the law and voting time after time to repeal all or parts of the law, but they have never developed a comprehensive proposal to actually deliver on their promises of better care at lower costs. If we are going to make changes to the Affordable Care Act, we should im-prove health care for working families, not make it worse. Incredibly, every proposal the Republicans have come up with actually makes things worse. Under the recent Republican plan, 24 million fewer people would be covered, and everybody else will pay more and get less. While their plan inflicts pain on those most in need, the wealthiest 2 percent of Americans get massive tax cuts. Under that plan, the typical working family would suffer an increase in healthcare coverage costs of about $2,000 a year, for the average family with a head of household age 55 to 64, the bill would increase costs by over $7,000. Recent changes in the Republican health plan would unravel many of the protections that American families currently enjoy in their healthcare coverage, including ending current pro-tections for people with preexisting conditions. The Republican health plan would return us to the days when health insurance coverage was unaffordable for many individuals with preexisting conditions. That bill di-rectly violates the commitment made by President Trump and House Repub-licans to protect individuals with pre-existing conditions. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to drop their attempts to take away qual-ity health insurance coverage for those with preexisting conditions. Instead, we should adopt this motion which takes a small step in ensuring that workers can access paid sick leave that allows them to remain healthy, includ-ing accessing medical treatment need-ed to treat or address preexisting con-ditions. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the motion, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the motion to re-commit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from North Carolina is rec-ognized for 5 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I oppose the motion to recommit. For years, so-called Progressives have clung to outdated Federal work-force policies from the 1930s. Why? They think government knows what is best for hardworking men and women in this country. This is a theme they abide by day after day. This motion is just another attempt to deny workers the freedom to decide what is best for them and their fami-lies. Once again, Democrats are defend-ing a double standard—yes, a double standard. They voted to give govern-ment workers a choice on comp time. Why shouldn’t those in the private sec-tor, those whose taxpayer dollars pay 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.038 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3049 May 2, 2017 
the salaries of government employees, receive the same choice? It is time to eliminate this double standard. It is time to modernize our Nation’s labor rules to meet the needs of the 21st century workforce. It is time for greater freedom, flexibility, and fairness for American workers. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the motion to recommit and ‘‘yes’’ on the Working Families Flexibility Act. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered; and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 192, nays 234, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 243] YEAS—192 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NAYS—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—4 
Chaffetz Meng Reed Slaughter 
b1717 Messrs. WEBSTER of Florida, EMMER, MEEHAN, AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, WESTERMAN, OLSON, RUS-SELL, SAM JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. PALAZZO, Mrs. BLACKBURN, Messrs. DENHAM, FORTENBERRY, and KATKO changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. DOGGETT, NEAL, and RUP-PERSBERGER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia). The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 229, noes 197, not voting 4, as follows: 
[Roll No. 244] AYES—229 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.076 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3050 May 2, 2017 
Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—197 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—4 
Chaffetz Meng Reed Slaughter 
b1725 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York changed her vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. TURNER changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 237, noes 176, answered ‘‘present’’ 3, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 245] AYES—237 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Cooper Correa Courtney Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Green, Al Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Hultgren Hunter Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Larson (CT) Latta Lewis (MN) Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Renacci Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Takano Taylor Thornberry Tiberi Titus Trott Tsongas Wagner Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—176 
Aguilar Amash Babin Barraga´n Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Clarke (NY) Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Comer Conaway Connolly Conyers Costa Costello (PA) Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Diaz-Balart Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Farenthold Faso Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Keating Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Knight LaHood Lance Langevin Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Murphy (PA) Neal Noem Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (AL) Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Sewell (AL) Sires Smith (MO) Soto Stivers Swalwell (CA) Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wilson (FL) Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—3 
Grijalva Rice (SC) Tonko 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.040 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3051 May 2, 2017 
NOT VOTING—14 
Brat Chaffetz Ferguson Frelinghuysen Gohmert Kelly (IL) Larsen (WA) Maloney, Carolyn B. Meng Panetta Perlmutter Reed Slaughter Tipton 
b1734 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained and missed rollcall vote Nos. 240, 241, 242, 243, 244, and 245. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on votes 242 and 243. I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on votes 240, 241, 244 and 245. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 244, HONORING INVESTMENTS IN RECRUITING AND EMPLOYING AMERICAN MILITARY VETERANS ACT OF 2017 Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–108) on the resolution (H. Res. 305) providing for consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 244) to encourage effective, vol-untary investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual Federal awards to employ-ers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
POLL SHOWS MEDIA IS NOT MAINSTREAM (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the national media’s continued crusade against President Trump further dem-onstrates that they are not main-stream. A Morning Consult poll found that a majority of Americans believe the media is ‘‘out of touch with everyday Americans.’’ Most significantly, 37 per-cent said they trusted President Trump to tell the truth, while only 29 percent said the media is truthful. The media’s open hostility to the President continues to erode his credi-bility. A poll by the University of Vir-ginia Center for Politics found that 88 percent of Trump voters agree with him that the media ‘‘is the enemy of the American people.’’ Let’s hope the media will put aside their bias and give the President fair and objective coverage. It may be the only way for the media to rebuild their credibility. 
f 
AMERICA’S WORKERS NEED JOBS AND A RENEGOTIATED NAFTA (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, President Trump claims to have brought pro-found change in his first 100 days in of-fice, but thus far, on jobs, our trade deficit continues to rise. Rather than fulfill his promise to di-rectly renegotiate NAFTA, the Presi-dent signed another ‘‘dodge ’em’’ exec-utive order asking for a 6-month delay by reviewing all U.S. trade agreements. That could take forever. His NAFTA backtrack presents a serious problem for Americans who continue to lose their jobs to NAFTA’s broken prom-ises. None will be more impacted than Americans working in the automotive sector. Last year, our country’s auto-motive trade gap with Mexico was deep in the red again. As a result, our coun-try imported 800,000 more cars from Mexico than we exported. This is what it looked like back in 1993. This is what it looks like today. Is it any wonder that Americans are con-cerned about jobs? In agricultural trade among NAFTA partners, 2 million small-scale Mexican farmers were thrown off their farms and out of work. This fueled the immi-gration crisis and subwage workers across our continent as poverty contin-ued—no different than 1993. America’s workers don’t need any more studies or delays. We need jobs and a renegotiated NAFTA now. f 
CELEBRATING ISRAEL’S 69TH ANNIVERSARY OF INDEPENDENCE (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate our ally Israel on its 69th anniversary of independ-ence. For nearly seven decades, Israel has become a beacon of promise and suc-cess amid continued challenges. Since the declaration of the State of Israel back in 1948, they have consistently shown the power of democracy and strength in a volatile part of the world. The people of Israel have also proven themselves to be loyal allies to the United States during tumultuous times, serving as a constant reaffirma-tion of our unbreakable bond. Their resolve cannot be understated, either. Israel consistently keeps its citizens safe, despite security threats on a daily basis. The fact that Israel continues to flourish amid constant ef-forts to terrorize and daunt them is a signal of the nation’s strength. So today we join those in Israel, as well as others around the world, in celebration. Mr. Speaker, let us continue to pro-tect and preserve the unending and un-wavering friendship and relationship between America and Israel. WE NEED TO IMPROVE OUR HEALTHCARE SYSTEM, NOT TEAR IT DOWN (Mr. CA´RDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, the Lord works in mysterious ways. Any person today can go online and look at the speech that Jimmy Kimmel made live on television. He talks about his newborn little boy. He talks about how, within a few minutes, they had to whisk him over to another hospital to give him an emergency operation on his heart. He was very emotional. But he didn’t just talk about him and his wife and his little daughter and his newborn son. He talked about how no person, no family, or no child should ever have to be denied that oppor-tunity for that lifesaving operation, es-pecially right here in the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, the Lord works in mys-terious ways because this is the perfect time for every American to go online and look at the Jimmy Kimmel speech. It is not politics, ladies and gentlemen, it is love. It is respect not only for his little boy, but for this great country and how we can be greater. That is why we need to improve our healthcare sys-tem, not tear it down. f 
NATIONAL CHARTER SCHOOLS WEEK (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, this week is National Charter Schools Week, and I rise to recognize Arizona’s leadership amongst the charter school commu-nity. Over this past school year, a record number of students attended 547 char-ter schools in Arizona; and last week, a new survey found that five of the coun-try’s top seven high schools were Ari-zona charter schools, including one from my own district, Arizona’s Fifth Congressional District. I am extremely proud of our charter schools. Arizona charter schools are thriving because of two decades of tireless work from advocates to give thousands of students more educational choices and opportunities to succeed. These leaders have fostered a culture that balances autonomy and accountability to pre-pare their students for higher edu-cation and the workforce. As the rankings prove, Arizona’s policies are drastically improving stu-dent achievement and should be emu-lated by the rest of the Nation. 
f 
SMALL BUSINESS WEEK (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.041 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3052 May 2, 2017 
Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today during Small Business Week in recognition of the entrepreneurs and small-business owners that form the foundation of our American economy. More than half of all working Ameri-cans either own or are employed by small businesses. In Congress, our job is to promote an environment where small businesses grow and succeed and communities and working families can prosper. To do that, we need to educate our kids to close the skills gap too many busi-nesses face in trying to find the talent they need to grow their companies. We need to reimagine and renew our crumbling infrastructure for the 21st century economy. We can help small businesses invent things here, make things here, and ship them around the world. We need to reform our immigration system to reduce the complexity em-ployers face when trying to legally hire talented, industrious people. I urge my colleagues to consider this week, Small Business Week, what we can do together to support American small businesses—the greatest job cre-ation engines of our economy. 
f 
b1745 CELEBRATING SMALL BUSINESS WEEK (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, there is no doubt that small businesses drive the American economy. Across the United States, small businesses create about two out of every three new jobs. Since 1963, every President has des-ignated this week National Small Busi-ness Week to celebrate these economic engines and encourage policies that allow them to thrive. When our local small businesses succeed, they create opportunity, invigorate communities, and preserve the district character of our local economy. That is why I have committed to visit 100 small businesses across my district this year and every year, to better appreciate the needs of local small businesses and help them create good-paying jobs in our commu-nity. During my visits, I have heard com-mon themes: a Tax Code that is too complex, burdensome one-size-fits-all regulations from Washington, and law-makers too focused on partisan bick-ering rather than on working together to grow our economy. As we turn our attention to small businesses this week, let’s put these concerns at the forefront and get to work on solutions. 
f 
OPPOSE REPUBLICAN HEALTHCARE BILL (Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend her remarks.) Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, tonight I rise to speak in op-position to the Republican healthcare bill that is once again under consider-ation in this House. Mr. Speaker, it feels like Groundhog Day all over again. The bill is back, and rather than coming to the table to discuss ways we can all work together to improve health care for every Amer-ican, Republicans are again trying to jam through a misguided bill that would threaten the health care of thou-sands of Granite Staters and literally millions of Americans. Just a few weeks ago, I joined with my colleagues to highlight a particu-larly egregious provision of this bill that would jeopardize access to health care for 7 million veterans. Weeks later, these provisions remain in the bill, and this is unacceptable. We had the time, and the Republicans failed to fix this. It is wrong for America, and it is wrong for millions of veterans. I urge Members to oppose the bill. f 
AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT IS BETTER FOR AMERICANS (Mr. HARRIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about the good things that are going to happen on Thursday if we bring the House Republican plan to the floor. For the first time in 6 years, we are actually going to lower premiums for Americans. We are actually going to take the problems with the ObamaCare bill, the failures of the ObamaCare bill, and correct them. You just heard, for instance, about Jimmy Kimmel. I guess the comedian published a YouTube video. I suggest you watch the YouTube video and then just google about newborn coverage. Mr. Speaker, we have the Health In-surance Portability and Accountability Act—it has been on the books for dec-ades—that covers newborns. This is not an issue. We are a compassionate na-tion, Mr. Speaker. You and I were both physicians. We understand that we have to take care of Americans. The American Health Care Act that is forthcoming from the Republicans does exactly that. It not only covers people with preexisting conditions, it adds two layers of protection for them. So, Mr. Speaker, I urge all Americans look at it and just see how much better their health care will be and how much more affordable it will be after we pass the American Health Care Act. 
f 
PASS A HEALTHCARE BILL THAT WORKS FOR THE AMERICAN PEO-PLE (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, I re-cently wrapped up a townhall tour across my district in Hawaii, visiting every single island. A common theme that I heard from folks was one of con-cern and questions about this Repub-lican healthcare bill that we may be voting on later this week. They are worried about their aging parents not being able to pay for their premiums and prescriptions and that newly added provisions that threaten those with preexisting conditions with skyrocketing costs will have such a devastating impact. Every time we hear about the new versions and new changes to this bill, it gets worse than the one before. Among a host of new problems, the lat-est version strips away protections on healthcare benefits like maternity care, substance abuse, mental health services, while also expanding an al-ready-crippling age tax against our seniors, against our kupuna. No matter how you package it, this bill is a handout to insurance and phar-maceutical corporations while break-ing the bank for those most in need of care. I urge my colleagues to stand in strong opposition to this bill and, in-stead, pass a healthcare bill that works for the American people. f 
RAISING AWARENESS OF MARINES UNITED OFFENSIVE FACEBOOK PAGE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the topic of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, the women of the Democratic Wom-en’s Working Group are here today with other Members that we have in-vited to raise awareness about the of-fensive Marines United Facebook page and others like it. On these pages, male marines posted nude or intimate photos of female serv-icemembers and veterans without their consent. This affected hundreds of women, with an audience of an esti-mated 30,000 marines with access to the Facebook page. The Democratic women recently held a hearing on this alarming situation which, incidentally, began less than a month after the first Marine infantry unit was assigned women, and that was January 5. At our hearing, we heard testimony from advocates for servicemembers, a former marine, and a journalist who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.084 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3053 May 2, 2017 
covered this issue extensively, and most importantly, we heard from Erika Butner and Marisa Woytek, two brave, resilient marines. Marisa is a current lance corporal. She proudly followed in her father’s footsteps, and she joined the Marines because, as she stated, she wanted to be part of something bigger than her-self. Erika enlisted in the Marines for many of the same reasons in 2011, fully aware that she could be deployed to a combat zone. A lifelong patriot, she was ready, and willing to take that chance. But in her own words—little did she know that the ‘‘war she would fight would be among her very own brothers in arms.’’ At our hearing, the women described harassment and exploitation at the hands of their Marine brothers, and, quite frankly, it made us feel sick to our stomachs. Their male counterparts put up Erika’s and Marisa’s photographs and made lewd and derogatory comments— asking other men to vote on whether they would ‘‘smash or pass’’ on these women, meaning would they have sex-ual relations with them. The women were threatened with rape and violence, with Facebook posts like: ‘‘We should throw marines into a tub of acid and rip-off their eyelashes.’’ Sadly and shockingly, Marisa and Erika were not alone. Thousands and thousands of photos of women were shared on these Facebook pages. I want to say to Marisa and Erika and all of these women: We share your anger and your hurt, and we are so grateful to you for coming forward with your stories. I am a mother of a United States Ma-rine veteran who served in both Af-ghanistan and Iraq—a proud mother— and I understand the selfless sacrifice a marine makes when he or she puts on their uniform. So I am outraged, as are my colleagues whom you will hear from today, that so many brave ma-rines were subjected to this kind of harassment and exploitation while willing to sacrifice for our country. It is not only personally degrading to courageous patriots, it hurts the effec-tiveness of our military and the ability to recruit women. So today’s Special Order is another opportunity to amplify the voices of Marisa and Erika and to send a mes-sage that we stand with them and we will fight for their honor. I want to thank Congresswoman J
ACKIE SPEIER and Congresswoman M
ARTHA MCSALLY , who I hope will be here with us today. They are actually, very sadly, at another hearing where the topic is sexual harassment in our military academies. After our hearing, they went on and they introduced a bill to make it ille-gal for military members to share photos without consent. This is a bi-partisan effort. I am proud to be a co-sponsor, as are many of my colleagues, again, whom you will hear from in a few minutes; and we owe it to Erika and Marisa and all of the other women that have been subjected to this abuse to pass this legislation and to work to-gether to change the culture of dis-respect that allowed it to happen. Now, Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. LEE), a great leader in this Congress, a mem-ber of our Appropriations and Budget Committees and Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs, and Related Agencies. Representative L
EE, we are pleased that you are with us tonight. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank Congresswoman F
RANKEL for being such an exemplary chair, and also our vice chair, B
RENDA LAWRENCE . You have put together quite a team and really are raising the issues that really don’t get raised oftentimes on behalf of our women. Also, to Congresswoman J
ACKIE  S
PEIER , who I believe is in a hearing right now dealing with this very, very important issue, I want to thank her and all of our women in the Demo-cratic Women’s Working Group for or-ganizing this very important Special Order to address the nonconsensual sharing of sexual images in the United States military. I just have to say a couple of things. First of all, as a member of the Mili-tary Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Subcommittee and as a woman, I am appalled by the sharing of these private photos. It is really disgraceful. It is disgraceful that our military continues to uphold a cul-ture of sexual harassment and dis-respect toward women servicemembers. Now, let me be clear. The attitudes towards women exposed by websites like the Facebook group Marines United are troubling and dangerous. Not only do such actions threaten our mission, they strip our brave service-members who are women of their dig-nity. No woman should have her pri-vate photos exposed on the internet, especially not by her fellow service-members. I was pleased to see the recent Navy and Marine Corps decisions to make the distribution of intimate photos a criminal offense. That is a good thing. We really must do more. Now, when questioning members of the Army, Air Force, Navy, and Ma-rines at a subcommittee hearing, it be-came clear to me, based on their re-sponses, that the culture of the mili-tary must change. Members of the Democratic Women’s Working Group continue to try to help change this culture and are committed to ensuring that that type of activity is prohibited in all branches of our military. That is why I am pleased to cosponsor Congresswomen S
PEIER ’Sand M
CSALLY ’Sbill, H.R. 2052, the PRI-VATE Act, which is a bipartisan bill that would make it illegal within the Uniform Code of Military Justice to distribute intimate images of a person if that person had a reasonable expec-tation of privacy. Now, let me be clear. The Depart-ment of Defense must expand its ef-forts to foster a culture of dignity and respect that the military service de-mands. And, Congresswoman FRANKEL , I just have to mention a conversation I overheard. I was on a plane flying from point A to point B, and there were two marines sitting next to me, and they were talk-ing very loudly to each other. b1800 That entire time that we were on the flight, their conversation was about de-grading women who were serving with them in the military. It was quite shocking. This was just their conversa-tion in the normal course of conversa-tion on an airplane. I was, quite frank-ly, shocked and disgusted. Today’s report from the Pentagon shows promising progress, though. Sex-ual assaults are on the decline, and servicemembers are now more likely to report attacks. But the data also re-veals that two-thirds of women who do report assaults face backlash in their unit. It comes as no surprise, then, that many victims choose to suffer in silence. That should not be. We know that tech firms like Facebook have a role to play in helping address this kind of unacceptable be-havior. Facebook’s recent announce-ment to help prevent nonconsensual pornography is a huge advancement in combatting this epidemic—and that is what it is, an epidemic—and addressing these heinous acts. While the new feature takes down images that are reported, this depends on users being vigilant and submitting reports. Too often people do not report such behavior. We must be clear that we do not condone this type of behav-ior and ensure that those with the courage to speak up do not face retalia-tion. I want to make it clear. Exploiting sexual images of fellow servicemem-bers online is unacceptable, and it should be a crime. Rest assured, as a woman, as a mother, grandmother, daughter of a veteran, and a member of the Military Construction and Vet-erans Affairs Appropriations Sub-committee, I will work day and night to address the threats to our country and to our women servicemembers. Women in the military are critical to our national security. They should have a safe workplace free from sexual assault and harassment and intimida-tion. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman F
RANKEL and Congresswoman B RENDA  L
AWRENCE and also Congresswoman S
PEIER for their leadership and for keeping this issue alive and for making sure the public understands that there are Members of Congress who have said: enough is enough. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Very well said, Representative L
EE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. L
EEfor her excellent serv-ice and advocacy. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield the floor to the gentlewoman from the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.086 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3054 May 2, 2017 
State of Michigan (Mrs. L AWRENCE ), my co-chair and our vice chair of the Women’s Working Group, a very illus-trious Member, and she serves on the Transportation and Oversight Commit-tees. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman F
RANKEL for her leadership on the Women’s Caucus. The Women’s Caucus is a bipartisan wom-en’s committee. I was honored when I was given the opportunity to serve on this committee because I know for a fact in America, for all of the strides and accomplishments that we have had as women, that we still have so many issues and challenges that we must ad-dress. Whenever there is an issue that dis-respects or an issue that is a barrier for a woman, it is incumbent upon us to step up and to speak out because si-lence or turning our head is condoning the behavior. Now, we stand here today as women, but there will be men joining us and have joined us because the behavior that we have learned about in the Ma-rines, one of our military branches, is unacceptable. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the issue of nonconsensual activities in the U.S. military. It has been revealed that nonconsensual nude photos of servicemembers were posted to social media, and it was even enhanced by disturbing comments that were unac-ceptable and really disrespectful. This offensive behavior strikes at the very heart of the Marines. The Ma-rines, who we trust and admire and know that they go out and serve this country in so many ways, and we have such honor and respect for them—but this behavior, Mr. Speaker, undermines the trust and the confidence that the marines have in each other. The Ma-rines stand up and, as a team and as a body and as a military, take a code that they will protect each other, and it compromises the respect that the American people have for our military. Our servicemembers must have the confidence that their brothers and their sisters in uniform always have each other’s back. There is simply no room in the military or in our society for behavior that humiliates and de-grades women servicemembers. Women who are in the Marines have earned the respect of their brothers and sisters, and they deserve the trust. Many vic-tims, just like in the civilian work-force, are afraid to report the assault. We want to encourage them to file their complaints. I had, at one time, served my country as an EEO investigator in the private sector. As an equal employment oppor-tunity investigator and having cases of sexual harassment, I would sit in a pri-vate counseling session with a victim as she relived it to tell me what hap-pened and how so often they struggle with: Should I tell someone? I am em-barrassed. Maybe I should have done more. Or why did I accept it? And then some will say: I will just quit. I just don’t want to go through the humiliation of telling my story. Because when you file a complaint, for it to be processed, it becomes public. I want to say to every woman that if you really understand how inappro-priate, how much you do not deserve to be treated that way, and you want to make sure that no other woman ever is treated that way, I want you to know that we as Congress will stand with you to support your right to report it, to make sure we hold those account-able who did it. I want to say to everybody that I stand here today as a Member of Con-gress and as a Member of the Women’s Caucus to say that you have support. In 2015, the latest year for which military assault data is available, more than 6,000 sexual assault cases were reported. Only 10 percent of men report their sexual assaults in the mili-tary. Only 40 percent of women do the same. Sexual assault is wrong, whether it is for a man or a woman. According to the Human Rights Watch report re-leased in 2015, the rate of retaliation for reporting a sexual assault in the military is 12 times higher than the rate of report resulting in a conviction for the predator. We understand the problem, and we want to be a part of the solution. Mr. Speaker, I will close with this. We stand here today knowing that we have a problem. But I am confident in my belief and trust in our military, and I am confident that the women and men in this Congress will stand to-gether and we will fix this problem so we can continue to have our military brothers and sisters serve together without being attacked by their own. Ms FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I want to thank Representative L
AWRENCE for her excellent advocacy today. Mr. Speaker, I now want to yield the floor to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ), my very good friend. She is the ranking member on the Veterans Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, and chair of the bipartisan Task Force to End Sex-ual Violence. Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be here to-night for this Special Order on the Ma-rines photo sharing scandal. I am pleased to be with you but dis-turbed about the underlying incident. I don’t think there is anyone in this country who is watching this evening who doesn’t share our sentiment. This is shocking. It is disturbing. And most importantly, it is degrading to the women in the Marines. I have to just imagine what it would take to become a marine and to be a woman in the Marine Corps. The train-ing, the dedication, the commitment that these people have set their lives toward serving our country. I am very pleased to join my col-leagues today to express my dis-appointment and, indeed, outrage at the conduct of literally thousands of marines who violated the standards of the Marine Corps and displayed dishon-orable conduct and terrible judgment by distributing sexually explicit photos of Active-Duty and veteran women ma-rines online. The behavior on the Facebook page Marines United is wholly unacceptable and is not only morally repugnant but undermines the safety, the security of female marines and, indeed, our na-tional security. Women marines were, in some cases, identified by name, rank, and location. These women who are bravely serving our Nation in uniform were put at risk of blackmail, of violence to them-selves, or worse. This cannot and will not be tolerated by the United States Congress, by the leadership of the Ma-rines, and by Americans across this country. The Marines represent the greatest fighting force in the history of the world, and actions like this cannot be allowed to undermine their effective-ness and unit cohesion. As the founder of the bipartisan Task Force to End Sexual Violence, I join my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to under-stand the persistent challenges that the culture of sexual violence poses on school campuses, in the workplace, on-line, in the military, and throughout our society. We are beginning to change the con-versation around sexual violence and intimidation, but there is much more work to be done. I strongly support the bipartisan legislative action to back up the cultural change that we know is starting to take place. The PRIVATE Act, led by Represent-ative MARTHA MCSALLY , would amend the Uniform Code of Military Justice to ensure that the type of explicit shar-ing that was seen in the Marines United scandal is expressly prohibited. Mr. Speaker, I want to particularly thank Representative M
CSALLY and our Democratic colleague Representa-tive J
ACKIE SPEIER for their leadership on the Armed Services Committee in protecting the interests of women in our military. I know that leadership within the Marines and the Armed Forces is tak-ing the issue of sexual harassment and sexual violence very seriously, and I appreciate their commitment to im-proving safety for all our servicemem-bers, regardless of gender. This is an issue that transcends politics. I have been encouraged by the bipartisan sup-port that this issue has received. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues to end sexual vio-lence and intimidation in the military and, indeed, throughout our society. Mr. Speaker, I want to just take a moment to share with you the testi-mony of Lance Corporal Marisa Woytek, as indicated by our leader today, Representative L
OISFRANKEL . She quoted some of the testimony, and I wanted to share a few other parts with you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.088 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3055 May 2, 2017 
These are two marines who came and spoke to our bipartisan Women’s Cau-cus, and they described what had hap-pened to them; that these personal ex-plicit pictures had been shared on the internet, that their names, their rank, their duty station, had all been shared without their consent. b1815 I want to talk to you about the back-lash since they had the courage to speak out, because as we investigate further in the Bipartisan Task Force to End Sexual Violence—whether it is in high schools, whether it is on college campuses, whether it is in the mili-tary—when someone has the courage to identify the harassment, sexual as-sault, intimidation, there is an incred-ible backlash on social media. She writes: ‘‘Within the past 24 hours alone, I have had former Marines harass me on-line, and say and state that they ac-tively look for sexually explicit pic-tures of me. One of the former Marines who has been harassing me has also been a predator to many women online denigrating women in Marines United, and has even gone as far as saying he would throw an Active Duty female Marine ‘into a barrel of acid.’’’ These are our best and brightest. These are the people that we rely upon to keep our country safe, to uphold the dignity of our values overseas. She continues: ‘‘Another Marine stated to me di-rectly that he was ‘passing my info around to Marines, so far the rough es-timate is 3,000. Good luck ever being able to show your face again.’’’ This is a woman who has trained, who has dedicated her life, and whose family is proud to call her a marine. And I, as a Member of Congress, am proud to call her a marine. She does not deserve this in the workplace. One last quote: ‘‘Another former Marine asked ‘Who has this bitch’s pictures, I want to blast them all over.’’’ I have to ask my colleagues for a bit of personal privilege to even use that word on the floor of the House of Rep-resentatives. That is not a word that should ever be used for a marine in the United States Marine Corps. So I think you can tell this is deeply troubling to us as Members of Con-gress, deeply troubling—it should be— to the leadership of the Marine Corps, all the way up to and including our Commander in Chief. This is simply un-acceptable. As members of the Bipartisan Task Force to End Sexual Violence, as mem-bers of the bipartisan Women’s Caucus, as Members of the United States House of Representatives, we will not let it stand. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  testimony of a female marine. 
TESTIMONY OF LANCE CORPORAL MARISA  W
OYTEK  My name is Marisa Woytek. I am a Lance Corporal in the United States Marine Corps. I enlisted, like many of my brothers and sis-ters because I wanted to be part of some-thing bigger than myself. I joined to follow in my fathers’ foot steps who served honor-ably in the Marine Corps. Over the past few years of being active duty, I’ve experienced the amazing things the Marine Corps has to offer. I experienced, brotherhood and sisterhood, I experienced comradery, and I have many fond memories that I will carry with me until the day I die. But with the good, comes the bad. Since my first few weeks in the Marine Corps outside of boot camp, I have seen on numerous occa-sions the denigration of Marines, especially female Marines by fellow Marines. Some ac-tive duty and some former Marines have been posting picture women for the so called game of ‘‘Smash or Pass’’, and some have in-cluded personal and explicit pictures includ-ing these women’s names, ranks, and duty station without their consent. Since speaking out, I’ve received backlash on social media. Within the past 24 hours alone, I have had former Marines harass me online, and say and state that they actively look for sexually explicit pictures of me. One of the former Marines who has been harassing me has also been a predator to many women online denigrating women in Marines United, and has even gone as far as saying he would throw an active duty female Marine ‘‘into a barrel of acid’’. Another Ma-rine stated to me directly that he was ‘‘pass-ing my info around to Marines, so far the rough estimate is 3,000. Good luck ever being able to show your face again’’. Another former Marine asked ‘‘Who has this bitch’s pictures, I want to blast them all over’’. My brothers and sisters are why I am here today. The majority of Marines are intel-ligent, well rounded, and respectful people. Those Marines are who the world should be praising. The disgusting actions of a few do not define an entire branch. We must remem-ber that the Marine Corps is an institution that prides itself in honor, courage, and com-mitment. Most Marines practice these values everyday, and those who do not bring dis-honor to themselves and to the United States Marine Corps. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank Representative K
USTER for that forceful advocacy. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), one of our greatest fighters for human rights, for women’s rights; the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investiga-tions. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman F
RANKEL , our chair, our leader, and all of my col-leagues that appeared today. What a powerful force of women who are stand-ing by our Marines. Now, let me be very clear: All of our men and women in the United States Marines have earned and deserve our respect and trust. All of the women in the United States Marines deserve our trust and our respect. So it saddens me today to have to rise and bring to the attention of so many this unbelievable abuse of the men and women—men because their reputation is tarnished, through no fault of their own, who are not affili-ated with Marines United; and women who feel that their service to this Na-tion has been denigrated. Let me cite for you the words of 23- year-old Erika Butner: ‘‘As a Marine Corps veteran, I am dis-heartened and disgusted with this scan-dal.’’ Victim blaming and the excuse that some are giving that boys will be boys needs to stop. Butner says she first heard of the group in August when a friend of hers was posted to the page without her consent. In January, she notified the Naval Criminal Investigative Service and Google about a shared drive posted to the group that contained naked photos of more than two dozen service-members. Comments posted to the group described the victims graphi-cally and, in some cases, advocating that they be raped or sexually as-saulted. Names, ranks, and duty sta-tions of the victims were also shared. The Marines United page has been taken down, but there are supposed to be some 30,000 users of that site. Can you imagine that this is my story for America: that young women marines who put on the uniform and, therefore, are willing to lay down their life and bleed for this Nation and die will be subjected to this? So I join my colleagues in standing against it, and I ask my friends in the United States Marines—and I have many. I have staff persons who have been members of the Marines and a wounded warrior on my staff right now who loves his Marines. But enough is enough. We will not tolerate the objectification of women, we will not tolerate the nonconsensual pornog-raphy, and we will not live with sexual assault. That is why, for starters, I am proud to be a cosponsor of Congresswoman SPEIERS ’ resolution for claiming April as Sexual Assault Awareness and Pre-vention Month. Also, I am very pleased of the privacy bill that is being put for-ward to never have this occur again. Every 98 seconds another American is sexually assaulted, and there are an av-erage of 321,500 victims per year. So this ties very clearly into what these United States Marines, who hap-pen to be women, are facing. This is a horrendous reality for women here in the United States, but it is a reality for women in uniform who are defend-ing our freedom abroad. That is what I want to focus on as I complete my re-marks. These female marines go to faraway places and are in the battlefront and the battle lines, standing alongside with their male counterparts. They are expected to go through basic training without any waivers. They are ex-pected to carry that gun without any waivers. They are expected to wear that uniform in dignity without any waivers. Nude photographs of female marines and veterans across the military were shared on Marines United, and those photographs showed women in various stages of undress, and they were gross-ly obscene. Some posts on Marines United suggested sexually assaulting women marines and that women did 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.089 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3056 May 2, 2017 
not belong in the United States mili-tary or this particular branch. Once again, these photos were posted without the knowledge and the consent of the women whose photos were post-ed. This conduct, as I said, is unaccept-able. The Marines Corps’ creed of good order and discipline is being under-mined when it cannot police Marines who use social media to promote anti- Semitism, sexism, and racism. These messages of hate are oppressive and de-mean human dignity. Let me close by saluting our United States Marines because I do know that they have decades and centuries of lay-ing their lives down. That is not the issue here as I stand before you today. What the issue is, of course, is that United States Marines deserve the dig-nity and the respect, even if they are women and, I might say, especially be-cause of what has occurred because they are women. They ask for no def-erence. They ask for no waivers. They ask for no apologies in terms of them being United States Marines. They simply want that dignity and respect that we all owe them. I salute them and we stand alongside them. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I think we have made it clear that when a member of the military is un-fairly abused, we are all abused, we are all dishonored. This is not a Democratic issue. This is not a Republican issue. This is an American issue. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ), one of our great Americans, an Air Force veteran who serves on our Armed Services Committee. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this bipartisan ef-fort to protect victims of nonconsen-sual sharing of intimate media in the Armed Forces and to hold those who engage in this dishonorable practice accountable under the military law. This is a bipartisan effort, and I appre-ciate that. It should be. This is a ter-rible thing that we have to fix. I am a five-time commander. I was on the front lines fighting this as a com-mander. I court-martialed those who abused others. I proudly did so. I was recognized as having the best Sexual Assault Response Program in the Air Force back in 2008 and 2009. Also, I am proud to stand here in this bipartisan effort as a husband, a father of a daughter, and a grandfather of three little granddaughters. We have got to do better, and we stand in this together to make a difference. Last month we observed Sexual As-sault Awareness Month, and I spoke to the body on the obligation we share as elected leaders to support those who have been victims of sexual violence and exploitation. It is, therefore, fit-ting that we continue this campaign by turning our good words into legislative action. I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for inviting me to speak on this subject. As members of the Armed Forces, we are taught the values of honor, integ-rity, loyalty to our Constitution, to our flag, and to the Republic for which it stands. From our earliest days in uniform, we are also imbued with an unbreakable commitment and trust in each other as warriors and teammates. These are not abstract concepts of quaint notions of a bygone age. Rather, they are the foundation of combat readiness and competence under fire. Mr. Speaker, I submit these ideals are the very essence of our strength of arms as a nation. That is why when someone in our midst betrays this trust and dishonors our code, the consequences go far be-yond an individual act of depravity. It strikes at the heart of our core values and threatens the foundation of our combat readiness. And when the vic-tims of these crimes perceive they are condoned by the very institution they serve, the damage is greater still. That is why Congress has an obliga-tion to act and to remove any doubt that those who traffic in intimate pic-tures of their teammates and wrong-fully share them not only violate the bonds of human decency, but are breaking the law. That is why I am proud to stand in a bipartisan effort and also with Rep-resentative MCSALLY and colleagues on both sides of the aisle as an original co-sponsor of H.R. 2052, the PRIVATE Act, to amend the Uniform Code of Military Justice to prohibit the wrongful broad-cast of intimate visual images. This is important to change the UCMJ. It will protect the victims of this crime, hold those who engage in these acts ac-countable, and make absolutely clear— zero doubt—to every member of the Armed Forces that such conduct is un-acceptable and will be prosecuted under the law. Those of us in the House who have served in uniform and have been en-trusted with the responsibility of com-mand know firsthand the importance of disciplined adherence to standards and of creating a climate of mutual trust that treats all members with dig-nity, fairness, and respect. For those of us who have fought to enforce our laws and protect the vic-tims of all forms of sexual assault and exploitation in the military, this is not just what is right; it is also very per-sonal. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand with my fellow Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle in support of this important legislation, support for our military, support for our culture, sup-port for the defense of our country. I thank those who are leading the effort tonight. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank Representative B
ACON , first, for his service to our country and for speaking from the heart. We are very pleased to join him in this effort. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ), who serves on the Foreign Affairs and the Natural Resources Committees. I want to say that Representative TORRES is, like myself, the mother of a military veteran. Her son is a member of the Air Force. In bringing the gen-tlewoman up here, she probably experi-ences a lot of what I did. I think for parents whose children are in the mili-tary, man or a woman, there are so many of those times where you just dread that knock on the door. b1830 You have seen your child put on uni-form, and the pride that they feel. Now, could you imagine having gotten a call from your son that someone had posted a nude picture of him on a Facebook page and he was being hu-miliated? It is just hard to believe. I know you are going to share some of your insight into all this. I am pleased to have you here. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ). Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman F
RANKEL and Con-gresswoman J
ACKIE SPEIER of the Democratic Women’s Working Group for hosting tonight’s Special Order and for their constant advocacy on behalf of the victims of the Marines United scandal. The gentlewoman is correct. While I was not blessed with a daughter, I was blessed with three sons, one who I am proud to call a veteran of the United States Air Force. My son Christopher was the first one to leave home, and I can’t imagine, as a mother of a child who is leaving him for the first time going into basic training, receiving the types of calls that these parents must have received, completely heartbreaking. One of the stories that my son shared with me was of a suicide that happened that involved one of his classmates, and how the parents found out about her suicide through a Facebook post because everyone was sharing a condo-lence note. So these things happen; and while we cannot and may not be able to always control the actions of these young men and women, there is a basic under-standing and expectation from parents like myself that when we send our boys, and our young men and our young women, daughters and sons, to the military, that they will be taken care of; and when they file a complaint, that those complaints will be taken se-riously and fully investigated. They de-serve nothing less. Sexual harassment in the military certainly isn’t new, but this scandal is a wake-up call that we cannot afford to ignore. The victims of Marines United don’t just deserve our sympathy and our support, they deserve a commit-ment to doing everything that we can to finally bring an end to sexual har-assment in the military in all forms. This isn’t a case of boys being boys. This is a disgusting violation of women who have taken an oath to defend our Nation. I would like to read part of Erika Butner—corporal, U.S. Marine Corps, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.091 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3057 May 2, 2017 
2011 to 2016—part of her testimony here today. She begins by stating her name and thanking you for the opportunity to testify at the August 8, 2011, hearing. And she states: ‘‘I enlisted in the United States Marine Corps knowing I could have potentially deployed to a combat zone. If presented the oppor-tunity, I would have given my life for this country without hesitation. Never once did I think the war I’d fight would be among my very own brothers in arms. ‘‘During the time I spent in the Ma-rine Corps, various clothed photos of me were taken from my personal social media accounts without my consent and shared on sites that are like Ma-rines United with great frequency. They would post my photo and caption it, ‘Smash or Pass,’ in other words, ‘Would you have sex with this woman or not?’ followed by extreme vulgar, degrading, and repulsive comments, in-cluding rape talk. My so-called broth-ers in arms shared clothed photographs of me on Marines United, posted my contact information, and discussed all the unspeakable things they would like to do to me. ‘‘Comments I saw on other posts of the site included how female marines aren’t ‘real’ marines and belong in the kitchen. One post suggested friendly fire to the women who are now being integrated into the infantry units. An-other male veteran described how he would rip off an Active-Duty female’s eyelashes and then throw her into a tub of acid. Many veterans think be-cause the UCMJ does not apply to them, they’re immune from legal ac-tion. ‘‘This culture of sharing photographs has been going on long before Marines United, and even before Facebook. With the use of social media and other file-sharing sites, this behavior has de-veloped into something that has led to harassment and the degradation of men and women servicemembers. If this be-havior had not come to light, I believe it would have continued as a dark se-cret of the military.’’ Her statement goes on. I will not read the rest of it but continue by say-ing that these aren’t faceless strangers. They are our daughters, our sisters, and our friends. They are American he-roes who volunteered to serve our country. As a mother of a veteran, I know that our military is better than this. Our men and women in uniform represent the very best of this Nation, and I am proud to stand with my colleagues this evening in support of bringing about the changes we need to put a stop to the sharing of nonconsensual pornog-raphy in the military and, ultimately, bring an end to sexual and gender- based violence and harassment in our Armed Forces. The next letter that I write to one of the academies recommending a young lady from my district, I want the reas-surance from our military that her safety, her personal safety, will be taken seriously. And I need to have a commitment that she is just as Amer-ican as any male of our military. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentle-woman for this opportunity. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentlewoman for her son’s service and for her service, too. I know what it is like to be the mother of a military person. Mr. Speaker, we are waiting for— Representative M
CSALLY is going to be with us in a few moments, and I thought, as we wait for her to join us— as I said, she is at a hearing now. Un-fortunately, the hearing is on the topic of sexual harassment in the military academies. I wanted to just state for the R
ECORD  the folks who participated at our Democratic Working Women’s Group hearing that we had a couple of weeks ago, we talked about Lance Corporal Marisa Woytek. We talked about Erika Butner, who is a Marine Corps veteran, and both, unfortunately, were victims of this Marines United scandal. We also heard from James LaPorta, who is a journalist for The Daily Beast and a former U.S. Marine Corps ser-geant who has covered Marines United extensively. His work has appeared in The Washington Post and the Chicago Tribune, among other national publica-tions. During his 8 years on Active Duty, Mr. LaPorta served within the infantry and intelligence communities, deploying multiple times to the war in Afghanistan. We also heard from Miranda Peter-son. She is the executive director of Protect Our Defenders, which she joined in 2013. Protect Our Defenders’ mission is to uplift and support sur-vivors of military sexual assault, and to improve and reform the U.S. mili-tary’s process for addressing rape, sex-ual assault, and sexual harassment. Prior to joining Protect Our Defend-ers, Mrs. Peterson worked on the his-toric lawsuits against the Department of Defense filed on behalf of military sexual assault survivors who experi-enced abuse and retaliation after re-porting, and which were the subject of the Oscar-nominated documentary film, ‘‘The Invisible War.’’ We also heard from Elizabeth Hillman, and she is the president of Mills College. She was invited by Rep-resentative B
ARBARA LEE. Elizabeth Hillman has conducted extensive re-search on the history of sexual violence in the military organization’s culture. She is a director and past president of the National Institute of Military Jus-tice, a nonprofit that promotes fairness in and public understanding of military justice worldwide. She previously served on the Re-sponse Systems to the Adult Sexual Assault Crimes Panel, an independent panel chartered by Congress to study and make recommendations about sex-ual assault in the U.S. military. And of course we heard from Gloria Allred, who is a nationally renowned women’s and victims’ rights attorney. She was the lawyer representing Ma-rine Corps veteran Butner and Active- Duty Marine Lance Corporal Woytek. What treasures these activists are. They are patriots in their own way be-cause they are defending and standing up for our patriots; and how sad that they have to spend so much of their time to do that. Now, since this scandal broke up, there have been numerous articles written. I want to share one as we wait for Representative MCSALLY , who, her-self, is a military veteran. Thomas Brennan actually broke this story. He wrote that: ‘‘The U.S. De-partment of Defense is investigating hundreds of marines who used social media to solicit and share hundreds, possibly thousands, of naked photo-graphs of female servicemembers and veterans.’’ That is just so shameful. ‘‘Since January 30, more than two dozen women, many on Active Duty, including officers and enlisted service-members, have been identified by their full name, rank, and military duty sta-tion in photographs posted and linked to from a private Facebook page.’’ Again, very shameful. Mr. Speaker, I am now pleased to welcome Representative M
CSALLY . I would say to you that I have been talk-ing about you in your absence. First of all, I told the Speaker that you were, unfortunately, at a hearing on sexual harassment in the military academies. But we are so grateful for your—first of all, for your service to our country and for your advocacy in standing up for what is right for our military men and women. Ms. M
CSALLY is our lead sponsor on this PRIVATE Act, which we have had many speakers talk about. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ). Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague. And yes, I just came over from a hearing on the Armed Services Committee; first panel with some victims, and second panel with the superintendents of the dif-ferent military academies. b1845 As the only female veteran on my side of the aisle, and having been an academy graduate myself, I thought it was very important for me to be there and continue to help to lead on these issues that are near and dear to my heart. I know there has been much dis-cussion. I want to say thank-you for helping to organize this and manage it and all the people who came down to speak on this very important issue. As was likely mentioned before, we came upon this issue on Saturday, March 4. The Marines United Facebook page discovered individuals linked with this private group were posting nude, intimate photos of women, as well as personal information, their names, and duty stations, without their consent or their knowledge. The next day, the NCIS started to launch an investigation and, 1 week 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.093 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3058 May 2, 2017 
later, discovered, unfortunately, this was not an isolated activity. Sharing intimate photos without a consent is a problem that now we are seeing in the other branches of the military. Such degrading behavior from troops in uniform is disgusting. As a veteran and a former commander myself, it is infuriating. In some ways it is not sur-prising, but it is intolerable, and we rise on both sides of the aisle today to say that we are standing together to help on our part, in our appropriate role to stop this. Our servicemembers enlist to serve this country and protect it from our enemies. They should not have to watch their backs among individuals who are to be their teammates. Shar-ing explicit photos of fellow service-members undermines women and de-stroys trust and morale. It decreases effectiveness of our Armed Forces, and it embarrasses America. United States troops must be warriors. What it means to be a warrior is to embody courage, commitment, honor, trust, and respect. In all the services we have our core values. They are on and off duty. That is what it means to stand up. We stand in the gap for others. We are not the perpetrators. We are sup-posed to be the protecters. We are sup-posed to be the ones who are embody-ing and leading in those values that we hold dear. The unearthing of this widespread problem has highlighted the difficulty in prosecuting Active Duty military members, though, who do this, who share private, intimate photos of their teammates without consent. This ac-tion is harmful, and it destroys the bonds of trust in the unit that are so critical for our warfighting capabili-ties. So to look at the UCMJ, the Uniform Code of Military Justice, again, I am pretty familiar with this having been a commander and a retired colonel. We have a couple of articles, article 133 and article 134. Article 133 is conduct unbecoming of an officer. Article 134 is what we call anything that is preju-dicial to good order and discipline. This is one I would say as a commander we often use as the catchall article. When we could not prosecute someone under another article, we go to article 134 because we knew their behavior was degrading good order and discipline. Civilian law faces challenges in pros-ecuting this crime. Thirty-five States and the District of Columbia have stat-utes against sharing private, intimate digital media without consent, but the State laws vary in their proof, the ele-ments, and the punishment. The Marines recently created a regu-lation where they can charge these Neanderthals who commit these viola-tions, but creating regulation isn’t the same thing as strengthening the law. That is why I introduced the PRIVATE Act. Again, this is a bipartisan bill. My bill provides clear, unambiguous charge that gives commanders a sharp-er tool in the UCMJ for targeting and prosecuting this behavior. It clearly defines this behavior as a crime, and it also addresses the issues of intent and free speech. These actions are a symptom of a larger issue: why we must change the culture that promotes this behavior. While these blatant, disrespectful ac-tions have been committed by a spe-cific subset of our military, this is in-dicative of a larger cultural problem. I just came from speaking about that in our Air Force Academy hearings—I’m sorry, not just Air Force, all the acad-emies. This is not the first time that behav-ior like this or culture like this has really been addressed, nor will it be the last. Myself, as the first woman in the U.S. to fly in combat in a fighter air-craft and to command a squadron, I have personally experienced, con-fronted, and overcome sexist behavior in the military. I have been there, I have seen it, I have lived it, and, quite frankly, I am sick of it. We need to do what we can together to stop it. We must confront the under-lying issues that inculcate resentment toward women in our services. We need to address the topic now and send a clear message this behavior has no place in our military. The issue is de-veloping at the speed of broadband, but our solutions are often stuck at the speed of bureaucracy. I have met with the commandant of the Marine Corps, General Neller, im-mediately after this news broke. We had a very productive conversation, and I look forward to continuing work with him and the other service chiefs to address this issue. We also can’t allow this to turn into victim blaming, though. According to one victim who tried to have a video removed: ‘‘I went to the police to get them to take it down, and they told me, be-cause I didn’t live in North Carolina, they couldn’t do anything. I then went to his command, and they said: Why don’t you stop making sex tapes?’’ This is not a matter of free speech on the internet. This is a matter of mili-tary members who have infringed on the rights, the duty, and the basic re-spect of others. We can’t afford to let another military member become a victim of this crime. I appreciate everyone stepping up for this Special Order today. I appreciate the bipartisan support of the PRIVATE Act. It is not going to solve it by itself, but it is going to give the commanders another tool. I promise I am going to tirelessly be working and leading on this issue to protect our troops and make sure we have the best, most re-spected, and most trusted warfighting force. I want to thank my colleague for giv-ing me the opportunity to speak. Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I thank Representative M
CSALLY . We have come to, I think, a perfect ending here today—those of us who were here today. I know, on a bipar-tisan basis, we look forward to fighting for the gentlewoman for what is right and to get this bill passed. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
OUR TIME The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Ne-braska (Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ) is recog-nized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, before I begin my own remarks, I want to commend my colleagues for con-tinuing to aggressively address the deep wound that so many people have experienced with this form of abuse in our military. Our military prides itself on its clear goal of protecting our Na-tion and doing their duty even to the point of self-sacrifice. So to think that certain members of the military would abuse others in this manner is not only unconscionable, but demands that this body act. So I want to commend my colleagues for their leadership in this regard. Mr. Speaker, our Nation recently watched in horror as flight staff at a publicly traded airline, having failed to motivate volunteers with sufficient compensation, then called Chicago Aviation Police to forcibly remove one of the randomly selected passengers so they could seat their own employees instead. After the bloodied but un-bowed victim was dragged from the flight, aircraft and airport personnel claimed they acted out of concern that they would lose their own jobs if they had not removed the passenger. The stated motive—that was later proven to be false—was that the flight was ‘‘oversold.’’ Now, Mr. Speaker, bizarrely, the air-line CEO initially defended these ac-tions. The corporation’s airline per-sonnel could have offered more money to find volunteers, but they did not choose to use that option. As a result, this airline-specific issue mushroomed into something far larger as Americans unleashed long-buried resentment against distant corporate structures that too often treat them just as incidentals. Here is the problem, Mr. Speaker: in technocratic bureaucracy, one size fits all. Management and optimization re-place the art of human interaction. When entities grow too large and too distant from the persons they are de-signed to serve, when technical proce-dures rule over prudential judgment, when process is improperly elevated to an unyielding standard, persons are not only treated like cattle by airlines, but individuals—in this age of informa-tion—sense that they no longer matter. When you treat people as abstrac-tions, it is easier to push them around, like data points on a spreadsheet. The broken-nosed, busted-teeth, and con-cussed passenger could only mutter the words: ‘‘Just kill me, just kill me.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.095 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3059 May 2, 2017 
One man’s last stand against Levia-than. What he experienced on that air-plane struck such a visceral chord with me and so many others. Indignity has its limits—even beyond the limits of the Big Money corporate public affairs teams to manage. Mr. Speaker, last year, the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union; and right now, similar debates are taking place across the continent most seismically perhaps in the up-coming French election. At its core, what is at issue? It is this: whether more and more power should be consolidated in mas-sive and detached, centralized, and technocratic bureaucratic institutions. Many people are demanding decen-tralized alternatives that better har-monize the needs of particular persons in their particular places with the shared goals of security, immigration stabilization, environmental steward-ship, and economic well-being. That is what the deeper debate is in Europe and about the European Union. At its core, Mr. Speaker, I think the issue is this: even more deeply, eco-nomic development without a soul robs us of our capacity to fully prosper. Regular people are wondering if they have a seat at the table anymore, and home-team advantage continues to seem to go to a triumvirate class of Big Business, Big Data, and Big Govern-ment—a type of transactional aristoc-racy disconnected from the deeper needs of persons. That is at the core of what is being debated here. Now, Mr. Speaker, indicting large corporate and governing structures is not merely the point I am trying to make. Certain types of development that come with larger-scale entities has been very positive as goods and services and ideas freely travel at speeds across the world that were un-heard of just a few years ago. Worldwide poverty has declined sig-nificantly as underdeveloped nations use their comparative advantage on costs to lift themselves to a higher eco-nomic standing. Moreover, the creative disruption that accompanies technological inno-vation has yielded new powerful tools for communications, for medicines; and in commerce, it has helped create the sharing economy. However, a thriving marketplace needs to work for larger swaths of America, including Nebraska, where I live, which remain distant from power centers. For more and more Americans and their families, globalized supply- side elitism has delivered downward mobility, a higher cost of living, wage stagnation, and skyrocketing inequal-ity. When you couple this with social fragmentation, this is a recipe for dis-aster, and profit-driven technocracy will not be our answer. It will not solve these challenges. Economics, Mr. Speaker, is more than math, is more than efficiency, and is more than man-agement. It is the art of living. Now, regarding the airlines, after much embarrassment, they settled with the passenger and instituted im-portant reforms. Maybe this belated gesture signals that we have a better ticket forward. However, unless a new vision emerges of the proper relation-ship of governing economic and polit-ical systems to the persons that they serve, we will likely continue to be told: Just stay in your consumerist seat—unless we deign, yet again, to violently rip you from it. 
THE DEEP STATE  
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Now, Mr. Speaker, a short distance from here, right through these doors, underneath the dome of our Nation’s Capitol, hang eight large paintings that represent the scenes from our Nation’s begin-nings. In one of these paintings, George Washington is depicted. He is resigning his commission before the Continental Congress. This painting occupies a pride of place in our Nation’s Capitol because it shows a profound and his-toric shift in the understanding of power. General Washington won the Revolutionary War. He enjoyed the support of his Army, yet he was not tempted to use that power for his own glorification. Instead, he returned it to the people. b1900 Power is a tricky thing. It can be ab-solutely corrupting or it can be used for great good. Exceptional persons throughout history have used power to contribute to civilization. For others, power is a weapon to kill and plunder and crush others. In our country, America, we embrace the noble way. In our Constitution, in its deepest sense, it really is about one thing: it is about the proper posi-tioning of power, the proper control of power, and the proper transfer of power. Mr. Speaker, let’s now fast-forward to a recent event where a prominent Washington political insider recently wrote that he prefers ‘‘the deep state.’’ Now, what is that? Although not widely known, the term ‘‘deep state’’ refers to a group of career employees of the military, intel-ligence services, and other agencies of the United States Government who have inordinate but often hidden power to influence policy and society. It is posited that the deep state is particularly successful when it comes to halting or slowing implementation of government edicts deemed threat-ening to prudent stability or its own existence. This deep state, though, turns sinister when it operates outside of transparency and oversight. This concealed, controlling force, unfet-tered, can create an entirely new anti-democratic branch of our government. However, I want to propose some-thing, Mr. Speaker. This discussion about the deep state is bigger than the government itself. A broader under-standing of the deep state requires in-sight into the network of institutions that attempt to manage society in multiple ways. Some in the media, for instance, aca-demia, and corporations orchestrate self-reinforcing narratives of techno-cratic or expert superiority. Frankly, again, this is why so many people in our country feel forgotten and are sus-picious of what might be called the government-corporate-cultural com-plex. The notion that elites supersede the decision of voters and their elected Representatives is contrary to our democratic tradition. It is also deeply offensive to the American under-standing of the source of proper gov-ernance. On the other hand, maintaining some consistency for the sake of order has merit. Retaining career civil servants, for instance, with strong institutional knowledge and experience is necessary for the uniquely smooth and peaceful transition of power that we enjoy in this country. Those who have committed them-selves to a career of government serv-ice and risen in the ranks, those in the media who have taken a long view of civic responsibility, those in business who have achieved outcomes and wish to share them for the betterment of so-ciety, ensuring the stability and proper functioning of our Nation’s core oper-ating systems during times of disrup-tive change, are the persons who make up another type of body in our culture who are taking responsibility for the systems that we enjoy. The point is any analysis of the deep state is complex. A deep state that is mysterious and enigmatic, unidenti-fied, that effectively triumphs over the will of the people, marginalizes our voices. At the same time, political transitions without the backup of those who maintain a continuity of service can both be volatile and desta-bilizing. There lies the tension. President Eisenhower warned us of the military-industrial complex. Per-haps the challenge of today’s govern-ment-corporate-cultural complex is broader: a self-affirming, closed society that says there is only one way—our way—and you have to follow. Just plug into the technocracy and know your place. Mr. Speaker, it could easily be said that George Washington was an elite of his day. Nevertheless, Americans cele-brate him along with other great lead-ers because they attained their status through selfless service to our country and its founding ideals to a genuine civic state. Mr. Speaker, on my desk there is a pile of letters. At one point, it ap-proached about a foot high. It is a lit-tle smaller now, as I am digging out. I have to be honest. I am behind because I take the time to review the content of each letter that my constituents send me. Lately, the mail has tripled, perhaps quadrupled in size due to, frankly, the present philosophical divide that is all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.096 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3060 May 2, 2017 
over our country and manifested in this body in the breakneck pace of gov-ernmental action and the important questions about what Congress is doing in key policy areas such as health care and immigration. This is no complaint. I stand in the seat formerly held by the great Mid-western populist William Jennings Bryan, and it is my duty, responsi-bility—all of our responsibility—to hear and read what our constituents are telling us. It is also my duty to make judgments on their behalf. I have an obligation to read and study and analyze the facts of any situation, to listen to the people who are effective, and ultimately to make a decision. I think that the irony of this great moment, of great tension in our coun-try, Mr. Speaker, interestingly, has brought a renewed and refreshing at-tentiveness to this body, to the legisla-tive branch. There is now a very impas-sioned and healthy engagement with the centers of government about the very nature of power and its purpose. As Americans, we believe that power is justly derived from the dignity and right of each person. When properly ex-ercised, that power rightly informs the State. Vigorous interaction is beneficial to our Republic when it is cordial and constructive, when all parties in an au-thentic attempt seek workable con-sensus. This can be harmful to our Re-public when interactions descend into shouting matches, rude interruptions, orchestrated ambushes, or worse, vio-lence toward people or property. Mr. Speaker, I have a new friend who is an ambassador here in the United States from an African country. It is a fascinating nation that rebuilt after a difficult civil war. He was kind enough to have me over for dinner recently with one of my colleagues. My col-league is a brand-new Member of Con-gress, and he happens to be in the other political party. On the ride over, we talked about the very real prospect that, if we could just have a conversation, if we just had the time or disposition to have a conversa-tion, a genuine dialogue, then perhaps things would get a bit better in Wash-ington. Mr. Speaker, most of us crave dia-logue. Our country needs dialogue more than ever. We have multiple new technological ways to conduct dia-logue. However, we have lost touch with what genuine dialogue is. If we are racing to score points or impa-tiently, loudly bludgeoning each other, we are not engaging in authentic dia-logue. We are engaging in monologue. Clearly, there are many differences that cannot easily be solved here throughout America. We have to be sober about that. The tough arena of politics occupies a unique space in our country in the quest for answers, but holding it together depends upon a commitment to this ideal of the civic state, a broad attempt at friendship and goodwill to hold together the good that should be common for everyone. Mr. Speaker, on a visit to the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland, I noticed that, among its many noteworthy qualities, the beau-tiful, bucolic campus reflected a dig-nity, a call, if you will, to something higher. This special place creates a sense of place as a message for the ages, and that used to be reflected in the great tradition of American public architecture. In one of the Academy’s halls, a United States submarine commander named Howard W. Gilmore is honored. During World War II, Gilmore ordered his submarine to the surface of the ocean. The crew came out onto the deck. Unbeknownst to them, enemy planes were in the area and they spot-ted the vessel and began a strafing run. The crew of the submarine scrambled back inside to go into dive mode, but as one crew member looked back, he saw Commander Gilmore lying on the deck, wounded. Looking at his com-mander in the eye, he heard him say, ‘‘Take her down.’’ The commander knew he would be left behind to drown, but everyone else was saved. Stories like this one appear repeat-edly throughout our Nation’s history, particularly among those who have served in the military. They detail the brave actions of honorable men and women who have served an ideal far greater than any superficial distinc-tions in the political debate that might separate them, the ideal that the sac-rifice for just and enduring principles is a noble thing. In this age of anxiety and petty strife, it is worth reflecting on why we now find this so hard. In the wake of World War I, poet-pol-itician W.B. Yeats wrote this: 
Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold; Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world, The blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and every-where The ceremony of innocence is drowned; The best lack all conviction, while the worst Are full of passionate intensity. 
Mr. Speaker, present-day Wash-ington, as a microcosm of the Nation, routinely exhibits a lack of political community. Partisan discord and dys-function do reflect the larger philo-sophical divides across America: mar-ket fundamentalists versus govern-ment fundamentalists, protectionists versus globalists, elites versus the common man—on and on and on. We lack a unifying spirit. Part of this fracture is driven by monied interests in politics. Part of it is driven by com-peting world views that are earnestly derived about the core of what it means to be an American and about the core of what it means to have a functioning government for America. Part of it results from the lack of will and courage among lawmakers to move beyond these dispiriting constraints and find some higher ground. b1915 But, Mr. Speaker, I will add this. Perhaps there is a silver lining. Let’s think about this. On a deeper level, the vehement animosity in the Capitol and across our country could, ironically, point to something good. Washington’s inability to rally around big and mean-ingful ideas, reflecting longstanding, again, cultural and political divides in America, it might actually signal a de-sire for resolution. After all, if no one cared, our situation would be far more dire. If we can stretch to see that all of this negativity is actually a search for solidarity, then perhaps we have a shot. Indeed, there might be a chance to recapture our democratic narrative, our special American identity by em-bracing something larger than the in-sistent demands of self, party, or nar-rowly focused advocacy groups. We are a country whose proper aim and pur-pose, whose very foundation is built upon that which is good and that which is eternal: fairness, self-determination, the rule of law. Perhaps this combus-tible moment is actually a yearning to reconnect. Or maybe not. Perhaps it is too far gone. We have to decide. Mr. Speaker, yet, with all these at-tempts at lofty sentiments here, to successfully govern requires some type of consensus around core values. And, yes, it requires sacrifice for our ideals, for each other, and for America. So that the center might hold. Right be-fore Commander Gilmore died, he looked at his crew and said, ‘‘Take her down.’’ Perhaps the commander’s ad-vice to us today to America would be: ‘‘Lift her up. Lift her up.’’ Mr. Speaker, I had an incredible op-portunity yesterday to meet hundreds of Vietnam veterans who came to our Nation’s Capital on one of the honor flights from all over the State of Ne-braska. I saw some people I knew, saw constituents, met many of the former troops who I had no idea they served. Isn’t that the hallmark of many of our troops, doing so with a quiet selfless-ness, not needing to have anyone know? But the Honor Flight actually gave them an opportunity to be welcomed home because particularly after endur-ing the Vietnam conflict, so many of our soldiers, so many of our troops came home to either no welcome or to, in an odd way, being blamed for the sit-uation that they were trying to re-solve. They never got a proper wel-coming home. So we spent a little time together yesterday at the Iwo Jima memorial. After a long day, they had visited the various monuments, including the Vietnam Memorial, the wall. Of course, it was a tiring day for them, but many were, I would think it is safe to say, exhilarated by the chance to come, to be in solidarity as a community, to reconnect with the pur-pose of their service and perhaps, most importantly, to be welcomed home be-cause when they got back to the Lin-coln airport where I live, thousands of people were there waiting for them, chanting ‘‘USA, USA, USA.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.097 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3061 May 2, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, especially in times of significant duress like we are living in, I think it is particularly important to remind ourselves that America has tre-mendous capacity for replenishment. Unexpected opportunities give us a chance to reassess and realign in new and compelling ways, both to preserve our most valued traditions and to re-store the promise of our Nation. This understanding is especially important as we confront dysfunctional govern-ment, economic stagnation, global vio-lence, and the social fallout from the fractures and the pain in our culture. I submit, Mr. Speaker, that one way to lift America up in this age of anx-iety might be glimpsed through four mutually supporting principles: gov-ernment decentralization, economic in-clusion, foreign policy realism, and so-cial conservation. Now, what do I mean by this? First, we should consider that a more decentralized government will restore the local source of America’s strength. I am not a person who is antigovernment, but what we have done in our society is we have federal-ized every conceivable level of problem, and this institution ought to be about doing a couple of big things well. We ought to respect the authority and the institutions that are closer to the people that have jurisdiction over things that they can better provide. Those closest to an opportunity or a problem ought to be the first to be em-powered to seize the opportunity or solve the problem. Economic inclusion, as well, should help America recover from a con-centration of wealth and power into fewer and fewer hands. This primarily happens through a restoration of the small business sector, giving rise to en-trepreneurial momentum once again. Mr. Speaker, we are in an entrepre-neurial winter. This is where most jobs come from. I am not talking about even larger small businesses. I am talk-ing about small, microbusinesses that employ one to five persons. For the first time in America’s history, the number of small businesses dying is greater than those being born. So if you want to restore a vibrancy and create the conditions for economic inclusion, a turn of focus to the small business sector, that great gift where people are using their talents of intel-lect and the gift of their two hands to make things, an imprint of their own dignity, to give rise to the ability to take care of themselves and those under their authority, their employees, to create benefits for others through exchange, that reinforces a community narrative of the longing and commit-ment and interdependence. Third point, foreign policy realism. Based upon authentic relationships and genuine friendships, a foreign policy realism should chart a course between passivity and ad hoc intervention. In other words, we are a globalized soci-ety. We are interconnected in extraor-dinary ways. We are not going to turn the clock back. We couldn’t if we tried here. So isolationism is not an option. And yet, just entering into relation-ships that are transactional without having any authentic basis has led to the collapse of relationships and the conditions for them not to be long last-ing. Finally, social and environmental conservation preserves family life, faith life, civic life, and natural life. The ecosystem, which we all value and live, that is not a partisan issue. That is not even a bipartisan issue. These are transpartisan issues because they create the conditions in which the human heart, the human person can thrive. These are the institutions that give rise to a continuity of our great tradition, give a meaning to life and create sustainability for ourselves and our children. We know we are confronting inten-sifying struggles about the direction of our country, the direction of our world. The fault lines can widen, they may widen, but we also can choose to lean into these serious challenges. We can still choose to rediscover commonsense governance, right-sized economic mod-els, a proper foreign policy, and uni-versal and foundational values that create the binding narrative of our country that so many persons have sacrificed for. It is time to rediscover our purpose as a people and reclaim this sense of solidarity and to reempower our com-munities. As the military says: One team, one fight. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
REPUBLICANS CAN ACCOMPLISH GREAT THINGS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
AST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair rec-ognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ) for 30 minutes. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, before I get into the substance of my remarks, I would like to mention a lit-tle story. When I used to work for Ronald Reagan years ago, he also said: Well, D
ANA always start off with a little funny story. So I thought I would share one that Ronald Reagan loved with all of you and the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  and those watching us tonight on C– SPAN. What it deals with is a man who was struggling, struggling to get by. He lived in an area that had very little farmland left. My relatives all came from dirt-poor farms in North Dakota. They didn’t have very good land up there. They were homesteaders, and it was rough going. But they did make a go out of it. They made a living out of it. This story is about a fellow in Ken-tucky, a guy who wanted to be a farm-er but couldn’t even find any land as good as my parents ended up with when they homesteaded. One day he found a piece of land that he knew was very fertile. What it was was an old riverbed. He decided he could plant that riverbed, and it was such good soil that he would have a great crop. Well, the trouble with it was that the riverbed was filled with tree stumps and rocks and all sorts of weeds and horrible obstructions to get anything done. He spent a year of his life cleaning out that riverbed. Every day after work, he would go and blow up the rocks, haul them out. He would get a mule team and pull the tree stumps out. He would take a machete and cut down all the weeds. The briars would scratch his body. It was a mon-strous job, but he got it done and he planted a garden. When that garden started to come in, it was so beautiful that he had to tell somebody, he had to brag to somebody. He went to the person in his little town who he respected the most. It was the preacher. He said: Preacher, I want you to come out and see this. The preacher came out, and the preacher said: This is a miracle. Praise be to God. Look at that corn. I have never seen corn so big as that. And that watermelon, my gosh, and the ber-ries. My goodness, I have never seen such a wonderful garden. Praise be to God. He went through this, kept going: Thank God for this, thank God for that. Finally, the young farmer said to him: You know, Preacher, you should have seen this when God was doing it all by himself. Well, today, there is a lot of stuff going on in Washington, D.C. People are very active. Don’t think that there is not a lot of activity. You may not be able to see it, but we in this new Con-gress, we are scurrying around. There are all sorts of people working on healthcare reform, tax reform. We have got the fiscal year ‘17 and fiscal year ‘18 appropriations. We have got border bills. We have got security problems and issues that are the highest order. We are working here. I believe that with the Republican Party under Presi-dent Trump, we are going to accom-plish great things. These are things that we are asking the help of God, but we are not waiting for God to do it. I would like to discuss tonight a few of the creative proposals that I have made which I believe could impact and have a very positive impact on the United States of America and the American people. First of all, I would like to talk about border security. And an issue, of course, in border security that is the number one issue that has been plagu-ing us for so long, so let’s understand, there has been a massive flow of illegal immigrants into our country at least for the past 30 or 40 years. I trace it back, unfortunately, to the time I was in the White House. I trace it back to Ronald Reagan’s amnesty of 1987. b1930 Ronald Reagan was told that there would be 3 million people who would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.099 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3062 May 2, 2017 
then be granted citizenship, would be brought into the core of American ac-tivity, and be made U.S. citizens. He also was promised that there would be border control if he signed on to giving amnesty to 3 million people, that no jobs would be permitted to be given to illegals from then on, and that there would be some sort of situation where we could control it so that not only illegals weren’t going to be further coming across the border, but they cer-tainly wouldn’t be given benefits by our government to encourage them to cross the border. Well, what happened? Yes, Ronald Reagan had pity for these poor folks who came here, 3 mil-lion of them, who he was going to agree to grant citizenship to, and he did. He signed an amnesty law. And instead of 3 million, it turned out to be 11 mil-lion. And from that moment on, those 11 million, there were none of these re-strictions on jobs. We could be E- Verifying all jobs right now and cut that off. We could have done it long ago. We could have done it in the next year after that amnesty that Reagan signed. No. There hasn’t been a huge effort to make sure that we control our borders. Just the opposite. We have had admin-istrations that undercut the border guards that control our borders. So what have we had since 1987, espe-cially when the word got out that we actually will provide benefits? We will actually provide health care? And we will actually provide jobs? And edu-cation for children? Anybody who could just get here, even if they are here illegally? Well, what we have had is a huge flow into our country that has been threat-ening, and is threatening, to change the basic fiber of our country in the long run. But even in the short run, it has had a horrendous impact. It has had a horrible impact, for example, on the wages that ordinary Americans have. They have come in, and the mid-dle class and lower middle class work-ing Americans have had their wages bid down by tens of millions of people who have come in and bid down the wages of the American working people. Now, don’t anybody try to tell me, as you have heard—everyone has heard this: There are 11 million illegals in this country. They have been saying that for 20 years. Be honest with your-self, everybody. Let’s talk about it. There are probably 30 million illegals in this country. What has that caused? How has that impacted on us? What have we seen? We have seen an education system that has been drained of its resources so those very same working class Americans, who depended on us to make sure their children had a decent education, now have an education that is nowhere near good because the money has been drained away to take care of millions of young kids who have come here illegally. Well, where is our allegiance? What about the healthcare dollars that are being consumed? Average working people know that il-legal immigration to our country has hurt, yes, the education and the healthcare benefits to their own fami-lies. Plus, we have destroyed the security of so many middle class neighborhoods where now we have—again, of course, some people don’t even want to deport illegal aliens who happen to be crimi-nals. They are talking about let’s have a city in which they will not abide by the law, even to deport criminals who are here, violent criminals against our own citizens. No, these aren’t sanctuary cities that we are talking about. These are outlaw cities that don’t care about the Amer-ican people as much as they do about people who come here illegally. Well, those have been some of the really negative aspects that we face. We know that. The reason that we understand, and people have recognized this, is Donald Trump was elected President of the United States because of this issue. We know that. The American people understand that their wages are going down, qual-ity of life is going down, safety in their neighborhoods is going down, edu-cation for their children is going down, and health care is being torn apart. And a lot of it goes right back to a massive flow of illegals into our coun-try. Thus, when Donald Trump shook up the system by saying, We are going to build a wall, and we are going to pre-vent this massive flow of illegals into our country from continuing, that is why Donald Trump was elected. So this out-of-control illegal immi-gration has got to stop. And that is one of the things that now with Donald Trump as President, and with a Repub-lican majority, we are committed to doing. And the first step, at least the most important step, maybe not the first one, is fulfilling Donald Trump’s pledge that we are going to build a wall across our southern border that will be both symbolic and will be practical in stop-ping this large and massive out-of-con-trol flow across the border. I have a proposal that I think will go a long way in helping President Trump build that wall. My proposal called the Border Security and Immigration En-forcement Financing Act of 2017—that is the name of the bill. Again, I will say it. Border Security and Immigra-tion Enforcement Financing Act of 2017. I am currently drafting that bill, which will be submitted as either an amendment or it will be submitted as a separate bill. This goes a long way that will permit President Trump to keep his promise to us. Now, why wouldn’t he keep his prom-ise to us? Everybody has been saying: He will never find the money necessary to build that wall, so he has fed a false promise to us. No. There are resources that are available if we use our creativity. T
EDCRUZ, over in the Senate, pro-posed the $14 billion that we have con-fiscated from a Mexican cartel leader, who we now have in custody, let’s use those $14 billion as a down payment. I think T
EDCRUZ has got a great idea there, and I think that is one idea. My idea, which I am encompassing my legislation, is based on the idea that we have, and most people know this, 1 million legal immigrants com-ing into our country every year. Let me make clear what I just said. One million legal immigrants. Republicans are not against immi-grants. We are portrayed that all of the time. We support 1 million legal immi-grants coming into our country every year, which happens to be more legal immigrants migrating into our country than all of the other countries of the world combined. Nobody comes even anywhere close to us in our generosity, and Republicans are in favor of that legal immigration. Because we will choose who is coming, they will benefit and help our society as a whole, and they will not especially undermine our poor and working class Americans. Well, what does that have to do with the wall? Well, my legislation, which I am now in the middle of writing, says this: Of that million, it recognizes there are 50,000 people who are permitted to come into our country legally every year. And how are they selected? The rest are very carefully selected. These are people who are selected by a lottery. That is right, a lottery. We are having a choice, just by happen-stance, who we pick, of 50,000 people coming into our country. We may need them. They may be able to contribute. They may not. But we are leaving that up to a lottery. My proposal is eliminate that 50,000. But we are not going to lower the num-ber of legal immigrants coming into our society. We support legal immigra-tion. In fact, those people who claim Republicans are anti-immigrant, they are the bigots. They are the ones who are proposing that we lump legal and illegal together. So don’t let anybody kid you. That is a political ploy. So when you hear someone say, Re-publicans are anti-immigrant, just re-member, we are prolegal immigrant. And with them trying to combine illegals with legals makes them the negative force against people who have come here from other countries le-gally. So what is my proposal? My proposal is you take the 50,000 slots that now are selected by some kind of lottery, and you say: We are going to start a pool of money. It is going to be an account that is a pro-tected account. It can only be used for upgrading the border security of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.101 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3063 May 2, 2017 
United States, of both the border, Bor-der Patrol, immigrations coming in, and making sure our homeland is more secure, especially on our borders. So we take that money in the pot. Now, where is the money coming from of that 50,000 a year? I am proposing that we charge any-one in the world, who is not a criminal or some kind of a terrorist. That basi-cally we permit them to put $1 million into that fund. And they will imme-diately be guaranteed legal status, a green card in the country, but they will be guaranteed within 2 years that they will become a U.S. citizen. Are there 50,000 people in the world who would do that? There sure are. We know at least that. But there may be a lot more than that. But that would be enough for Presi-dent Trump to build his wall and to make sure that we stem the flow, this massive flow of illegals into our coun-try, and to secure our borders from these drug cartels, et cetera, and to strengthen our Border Patrol, and to make sure that when people are com-ing into the country we can vet them, we have some sort of technology de-vices that can help us secure that rad-ical Islamic terrorists aren’t coming into our country. Yeah, we can do that if we have the resources. President Trump wants to do it. Our country has been thwarted in the past by politicians who don’t want to do it. But President Trump is committed. We need to get behind him. My proposal would at least give us the resources to accomplish that mis-sion. Unfortunately, of course, there are people here, power brokers here in the United States House and through-out our government, who would like to get their hands on that money and spend it on other projects, special projects that they have in mind. Right now, the Republican Party needs to unify. We need to hear from our base. No. The number one priority for any of the money that would be derived from offering a citizenship to people from overseas, that money should be used to control our borders and create the security of our country. Now, by the way, why haven’t we acted before? Why is it that from 1987 on that we have had this flow and we haven’t been able to stop the flow, or do what I am doing right now should have been done 10, 20 years ago? Because we have peo-ple in this country who wanted that massive flow of illegals. There are probably 30 million illegals in our country. That is not some kind of happenstance that just happened. That wasn’t an accident. No. We have had, and, unfortunately, on the Republican side of the argu-ment, we have had Big Business who wants cheap labor, and that has pre-vented the Republicans from doing what we want. And on the liberal side, on the left-wing side, on the Democratic aisle, you have ultra-left liberals who want what? Who want to make sure that we have masses of people that they can use to try to socialize our country. Change the fundamental nature of our country because they don’t like the funda-mental nature of our country. So we have a political motive and an economic motive on both sides, manip-ulating these poor people from around the world and threatening the well- being of those working people and those lower middle-income people in our own country who are just strug-gling by. We could have solved this a long time ago. But that is what Donald Trump was all about. Donald Trump spoke to those people in Wisconsin and working class people in Pennsylvania and else-where and said: We are going to watch out for you. We are watching out for you from now on. b1945 Now, we need to join Donald Trump. The people have spoken. We need to build that wall, build it. I was very proud during the Reagan years that I participated. I was one of Ronald Reagan’s principal speech writ-ers, and we all remember what his most important line was. What did he do that really changed the world? He had a policy that stood firm against the Soviet Union without sending our troops into military action; and he stood, and he was strong, and he stated and he argued our case aggressively to the world. Ronald Reagan, when he went to the Berlin Wall and he said, ‘‘Tear down this wall,’’ it changed history and made our country safe for decades ahead. I did not write those remarks, but I am very proud that I helped smuggle those remarks to the Presi-dent of the United States so that he had the option of saying it. And of course, once he read those remarks, he was bound to say it, even though his senior staff tried to prevent him from doing so. Well, I am saying this: Donald Trump, listen in. Build that wall. We are behind you. The American people are behind you. You should be as ag-gressive on this issue as Ronald Reagan was in ‘‘Tear down this wall.’’ Because he, too, was villainized for—they claimed he was some kind of a war-monger for even being so tough with the Soviet Union; and, of course, what he did is lead to the disintegration of the Soviet Union. So that is my first idea. Mr. Speaker, I have another project that I have been working on, and I know this sounds perhaps a little bit disconcerting for people because people have the idea that everyone here is left and right, and they have stereotypes of who is on the left and who is on the right. So let me just suggest that my next proposal is something that is usually associated with the liberal left, and that is I happen to believe that we have had a tremendous waste of our re-sources. It has had a horrible impact on our country that we have tried to regulate adults using marijuana, and especially our efforts to stamp out any use of marijuana, which is what the policy has been for decades, in a way that has prevented us from developing the medical uses of cannabis, mari-juana. Cannabis is a plant that has enor-mous potential for our economy. We can’t even import it now. It was used to make all of our rope. The Constitu-tion is written on cannabis paper. There are so many uses. Our farmers aren’t even permitted to grow it. And on top of that, no one has been per-mitted the means necessary to see if there are some medical purposes. And just now, after a few decades, we have found there are significant medical uses for marijuana. Now, it took me a long time to get to the point where I found out where we could work, a coalition could work on both sides of the aisle to try to just look at this issue with a realistic eye. What is going on? What is this in-credible hysteria over some adult smoking marijuana in his backyard that we have to waste the resources of our police forces? The police should be out protecting people down the street, but instead they are going into the guy’s backyard to make sure that he is not smoking marijuana. And then how about the jailer? How about the judge? How about the penal system? How about all of those? How about the loss of income of that individual? Trying to control people’s personal lives, especially their consumption of cannabis, has been a horrendous failure because it has not prevented people’s use, and it has been dramatically cost-ly. And then, of course, there is the side effect of what? There is the side effect that we are financing drug cartels throughout the world who are actually putting democracy in those countries in jeopardy, and we are financing it. The issue isn’t whether or not people should smoke marijuana or have can-nabis. The issues are: If you are going to have that can-nabis, shouldn’t the person selling that be accountable so that they only sell it to adults? Shouldn’t it have a label on it so that you know it is not filled with opium or poisons? Shouldn’t it be a situation where a businessman has a bank account and is taxed and regulated and is treated like any other business, responsible busi-ness? Or we can let the drug cartels have the billions of dollars that that endeavor will be bringing in every year, and which it does. So we have financed the drug cartels overseas. We have gangs here, domesti-cally, all tied to the fact that we are trying to control people’s private be-havior for their own benefit. It is time to unshackle people. An adult in the United States has every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.102 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3064 May 2, 2017 
right to make his own decision about whether or not he will consume can-nabis, and that is especially true of doctors and patients. We believe, sup-posedly, Republicans believe in the doctor-patient relationship. We have talked about it with ObamaCare, et cetera. Well, guess what? The doctor-patient relationship if we are saying, ‘‘Yeah, you can do this, but you can’t do any-thing with cannabis,’’ that is not rec-ognizing the doctor-patient relation-ship. So don’t tell me about limited government. Don’t tell me about indi-vidual freedom. Don’t tell me about the doctor-patient relationship. Don’t tell me about those things if you believe that adults should not be able to use cannabis, especially for medical pur-poses. And the worst part is there are some medical reasons for it. We have already seen that Israel has, by the way, legal-ized marijuana, and they have done great research just in recent years on the medical uses of cannabis, of mari-juana. They have found that epilepsy, chil-dren’s epilepsy in particular, this will stop seizures. Yet we are denying our own people the use of this. How insane. Yes, we need to make sure that we watch out for our people, but we do not control their lives because we know better. This is not a nanny state, but some people, interestingly enough, on the other side of the aisle, who believe in the nanny state, are the ones who be-lieve mostly in allowing people to use medical marijuana if that will help them. I just will say this: we have an epi-demic of opiates in this country. And one of the reasons we have that is be-cause we have our veterans who have been given these opiates at the VA. I just had a call yesterday from a friend whose son came back from the war, and he was in convulsions on the floor, and they couldn’t help him. They took him to the VA, and they put him on opiates, and it still didn’t help. Fi-nally, after a year, the doctors pulled him aside and said: Come to my office off the campus. They gave him a pre-scription for medical marijuana, and the man’s son hasn’t had a seizure since. So what does that mean? So he doesn’t have a seizure. You have a veteran who has been filled with opiates. So now I got a call just yester-day. This poor young man who is smoking that marijuana does not have seizures, but they have filled him with opiates. He is trying to get off the opi-ates, but the process they have got him going through is he has to be dry of ev-erything, including marijuana. And as soon as that level goes down, he begins having seizures again. And then he went a few days ago— maybe a couple of weeks ago he was at the VA hospital. They were trying to get him off these opiates. He is going to feel a seizure. He went to the car to smoke a marijuana joint and was ar-rested because the people at the vet-erans hospital who run the parking lots are Federal employees. It is Federal property. We have had votes right here in Con-gress saying that if a State legalizes the use of medical marijuana, the VA in that State is permitted to let their people utilize medical marijuana, and it failed. That vote failed. I challenge my Republican colleagues to join with the Democratic colleagues who supported that resolution last time. If you really care about these people—yes, we have an opiate, an opium-based horrendous surge going on in our country, and it is bringing down our people, our veterans in particular. Let’s not eliminate if the doctor be-lieves that medical marijuana will have an impact. Let us not outlaw that doctor from doing this. Let us also re-member that we know that it can end seizures. This poor guy who called me the other day, his son, once the medical marijuana is going down—and they won’t let him do this on the campus of the VA hospital—he ends up going back into seizures. This is a type of catch-22 when you are trying to control people’s private lives. It doesn’t work. It is not right. It is not right for our veterans. It is not right for our senior citizens who are sitting in the senior citizens’ homes. If they would like to take a gummy that is filled with a little cannabis, so what? So what? Let them enjoy themselves a little bit, for Pete’s sake, in a way that is not harmful; bring back their appe-tite, or whatever. No, we are trying to control people’s lives, and it is having a harmful effect on the people themselves. And think about one last note of it. Who is most hurt by this is we have people in the poorest neighborhoods of our country who end up being arrested and being frisked to see if they have got any marijuana on them. We have armed groups who look like Army personnel coming into our cities for drug raids. The Founding Fathers never meant criminal justice to be handled at the Federal level—they never did—but now we have the equiva-lent of SWAT squads going in and breaking people’s doors down for pro-viding medical marijuana. This is ri-diculous. And those poor people in the Black areas and the Chicano areas get arrested. They are arrested, and that follows them for the rest of their life. I have a bill that says that it is up to the States. And I would ask all of my colleagues and the people listening to-night to support the States’ rights to make this decision. This is a State issue. And I have a bill that basically says that the Federal Government shall respect State marijuana laws. And when we do that, that will be left up to the people of those States to make these decisions. That is what our Founding Fathers wanted, and that is why things didn’t go haywire back in the old days. We left it up to the States. We especially left that issue of drug enforcement, but also law enforcement, at the local level for local police. Mr. Speaker, so those are two ideas that I thought I would share with my colleagues tonight, that I think would save billions of dollars on the wall, and trying to change our attitude, trying to stop the waste that we are wasting lives, and billions of dollars, and cre-ating drug cartels. When it comes to marijuana, we need to change that law and leave it up to the States. And we can then—if people need help, we are going to give it to them. But if they are adults and Amer-icans, they have a right to run their own lives. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
PUBLICATION OF BUDGETARY MATERIAL 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , Washington, DC, May 2, 2017. 
ACCOUNTS IDENTIFIED FOR ADVANCE  
APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018  Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to sec-tion 3(g) of H. Res. 5, I hereby submit for printing in the Congressional Record the list of programs eligible for advance appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018. If there are any questions, please contact Jim Bates, Chief Counsel of the Budget Committee. A
CCOUNTS IDENTIFIED FOR ADVANCE  A
PPROPRIATIONS  
ACCOUNTS IDENTIFIED FOR ADVANCE  
APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018  (Subject to a General Limit of $28,852,000,000) Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation Employment and Training Administration Education for the Disadvantaged School Improvement Career, Technical, and Adult Education Special Education Transportation, Housing and Urban Develop-ment Tenant-based Rental Assistance Project-based Rental Assistance 
VETERANS ACCOUNTS IDENTIFIED FOR ADVANCE  
APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018  (Subject to a Separate Limit of $66,385,032,000) Military Construction, Veterans Affairs Veterans Medical Services Veterans Medical Support and Compliance Veterans Medical Facilities Veterans Medical Community Care f 
SENATE BILL REFERRED A bill of the Senate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 371. An act to make technical changes and other improvements to the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017; To the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 o’clock and 58 minutes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.103 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3065 May 2, 2017 
p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, May 3, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1223. A letter from the Senior Counsel, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Prepaid Accounts Under the Electronic Fund Transfer Act (Regulation E) and the Truth in Lending Act (Regulation Z); Delay of Effective Date [Docket No.: CFPB-2017-0008] (RIN: 3170-AA69) received May 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 1224. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting the Army’s proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of Greece, Transmittal No. 17-15, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1225. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting the Navy’s proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of New Zealand, Transmittal No. 17- 13, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, as amended; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 1226. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting the Navy’s proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of Australia, Transmittal No. 17-11, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1227. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting the Army’s proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of Slovakia, Transmittal No. 17-14, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1228. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting the Air Force’s pro-posed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the NATO Support and Procurement Agency, Transmittal No. 17-19, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 1229. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting the Navy’s proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of Israel, Transmittal No. 16-87, pur-suant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1230. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting the Air Force’s pro-posed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the NATO Support and Procurement Agency, Transmittal No. 17-06, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 1231. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-010, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 1232. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-135, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 1233. A letter from the Senior Vice Presi-dent, Controller and Chief Accounting Offi-cer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston, transmitting the 2016 management report of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston, pur-suant to 31 U.S.C. 9106(a)(1); Public Law 97- 258 (as amended by Public Law 101-576, Sec. 306(a)) (104 Stat. 2854); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1234. A letter from the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Fed-eral Home Loan Bank of Chicago, transmit-ting the 2016 management report of the Fed-eral Home Loan Bank of Chicago, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9106(a)(1); Public Law 97-258 (as amended by Public Law 101-576, Sec. 306(a)) (104 Stat. 2854); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 1235. A letter from the Acting Chief, Uni-fied Listing Team, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — En-dangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status for Rusty Patched Bumble Bee [Docket No.: FWS-R3- ES-2015-0112; 4500030113] received April 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 1236. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Red Bull Air Race — San Diego 2017; San Diego Bay, CA [Docket No.: USCG-2017- 0096] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received April 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 1237. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Ohio River Miles 803.5 to 804.5, Henderson, KY [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0174] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received April 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1238. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Ohio River MM 598-602.7, Louisville, KY [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0238] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received April 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1239. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Tred Avon River, between Bellevue, MD and Oxford, MD [Docket No.: USCG-2017- 0077] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received April 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 1240. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Lake Ferguson; Greenville, MS [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0189] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received April 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1241. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; 2017 Key West Paddle Classic, Key West, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0066] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived April 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 1242. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Unexploded Ordnance Detonation; Naval Base Kitsap, Elwood Point; Bremerton, WA [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0313] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received April 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1243. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Wy-Hi Rowing Regatta; Detroit River, Trenton Channel; Wyandotte, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0217] (RIN: 1625- AA08) received April 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1244. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2017 Marginal Production Rates (No-tice 2017-26) received April 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 1245. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2017 Section 43 Inflation Adjustment (Notice 2017-25) received April 28, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 1246. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — 2016 Section 45K(d)(2)(C) Reference Price (Notice 2017-24) received April 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 1247. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Fringe Benefit Aircraft Valuation Formula (Rev. Rul. 2017-10) received April 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 1248. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — PATH Act Amendments for Taxable Years after 2015 (Rev. Proc. 2017-33) received April 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 1249. A letter from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmitting a report providing information regarding all applications made by the Gov-ernment during calendar year 2016 for au-thority to conduct electronic surveillance for foreign intelligence purposes, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1807; Public Law 95-511, Sec. 107; (92 Stat. 1795) and 50 U.S.C. 1862(c); Public Law 95-511, Sec. 502(c) (as added by Public Law 109-177, Sec. 106(h)(3)); (120 Stat. 200) and 18 U.S.C. 659 note; Public Law 109-177, Sec. 307(d); (120 Stat. 240); jointly to the Commit-tees on the Judiciary and Intelligence (Per-manent Select). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY7.105 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3066 May 2, 2017 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 1679. A bill to ensure that the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency’s current efforts to modernize its grant management system includes appli-cant accessibility and transparency, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–107). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 305. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 244) to encourage effective, vol-untary investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual Fed-eral awards to employers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 108). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. VELA (for himself, Mr. T HOMP -
SONof Mississippi, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. C ORREA , and Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N): H.R. 2281. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to reauthorize the Bor-der Enforcement Security Task Force pro-gram within the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mrs. B
USTOS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. B EYER , Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. P
ETERS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. C AS-
TROof Texas, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. F OS-
TER, Mr. H IMES, Mr. L EVIN, Mrs. M UR-
PHYof Florida, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. M
ENG, Mr. R UIZ, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. L AWSON of Flor-ida, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. C
APUANO , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. S OTO, Mr. B
ERA, Mr. S CHNEIDER , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. K IND, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. T AKANO , Miss R
ICE of New York, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. H OYER , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. T
SONGAS , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. E
STYof Connecticut, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. SUOZZI , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. P A-
NETTA , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. P
ELOSI , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. N EAL, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Ms. R OSEN , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. H ECK, Mr. C RIST, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. V ELA, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. C ASTOR  of Florida, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C
OSTA , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-ington, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. K AP-
TUR, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. R USH, Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-gia, Ms. B
ASS, Ms. M OORE , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Ms. L
EE, Mr. L YNCH , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. D OGGETT , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York, Ms. M AT-
SUI, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. S IRES, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Mr. K EATING , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. S
ERRANO , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. C LAY, Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. C UELLAR , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. P LASKETT , and Mr. R
ICHMOND ): H.R. 2282. A bill to prohibit discrimination on the basis of sex, gender identity, and sex-ual orientation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Financial Services, Oversight and Government Reform, and House Admin-istration, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi (for himself, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. K EATING , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. V ELA, Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. C ORREA , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, and Miss R ICEof New York): H.R. 2283. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to improve morale with-in the Department of Homeland Security workforce by conferring new responsibilities to the Chief Human Capital Officer, estab-lishing an employee engagement steering committee, requiring action plans, and au-thorizing an annual employee award pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. By Mr. LABRADOR (for himself, Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, and Mr. L
AMALFA ): H.R. 2284. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to provide for congressional and State approval of national monuments and restrictions on the use of national monu-ments; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself and Mr. HOYER ): H.R. 2285. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the pref-erence given, in awarding certain allergies and reversible lower airway disorders-related grants, to States that allow trained school personnel to administer rescue medications for allergies and reversible lower airway dis-orders, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas (for himself, Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , and Mr. P OEof Texas): H.R. 2286. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Transportation to designate certain enti-ties as centers of excellence for domestic maritime workforce training and education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 2287. A bill to require the Secretary of the Interior to develop a strategy to relocate the headquarters of the Bureau of Land Man-agement from Washington, DC, to a western State in a manner that will save the max-imum amount of taxpayer money prac-ticable, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BOST (for himself, Ms. E
STYof Connecticut, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. C OFFMAN , Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. D
UNN, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. S
ABLAN , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, and Ms. T
ITUS): H.R. 2288. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and proc-esses relating to appeals of decisions regard-ing claims for benefits under the laws admin-istered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Ms. N
OR-
TON, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. L EE, and Ms. M
OORE ): H.R. 2289. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide tax incentives for the establishment of supermarkets in certain underserved areas; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. M ULLIN , and Ms. D EGETTE ): H.R. 2290. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide a standard definition of therapeutic family care services in Medicaid; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 2291. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand the coverage of telehealth services under the Medicare program, to provide coverage for home-based monitoring for congestive heart failure and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease under such program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FASO (for himself, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. M ENG, Mr. N ADLER , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.017 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3067 May 2, 2017 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. D ONOVAN , and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York): H.R. 2292. A bill to extend a project of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission in-volving the Cannonsville Dam; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HOLDING (for himself and Mr. L
EVIN): H.R. 2293. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 for purposes of the tax on private foundation excess business holdings to treat as outstanding any employee-owned stock purchased by a business enterprise pursuant to certain employee stock owner-ship retirement plans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself and Mr. P
ASCRELL ): H.R. 2294. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide that for purposes of computing the annuity of certain law en-forcement officers, any hours worked in ex-cess of the limitation applicable to law en-forcement premium pay shall be included in such computation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Mr. E
LLI-
SON, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. B EYER , Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. L EE, Mr. S COTT of Vir-ginia, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , and Ms. M CCOLLUM ): H.R. 2295. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the proper tax treatment of personal service income earned in pass-thru entities; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 2296. A bill to increase accountability with respect to Department of Energy car-bon capture, utilization, and sequestration projects, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. N EAL, Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. K
IND): H.R. 2297. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide an exception from the passive loss rules for investments in high technology research small business pass-thru entities; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 2298. A bill to amend the Former Presidents Act of 1958 to provide that former Presidents may not receive Government funded office space, staff, or free use of the mail, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. TENNEY (for herself, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 2299. A bill to save taxpayers money by improving the manufacturing and dis-tribution of coins and notes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (for herself, Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. L EE, Mr. E LLI-
SON, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. S PEIER ): H.R. 2300. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to improve the determina-tion of cohort default rates and provide for enhanced civil penalties, to ensure personal liability of owners, officers, and executives of institutions of higher education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (for herself, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Ms. S
PEIER , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. E
LLISON ): H.R. 2301. A bill to provide that chapter 1 of title 9 of the United States Code, relating to the enforcement of arbitration agree-ments, shall not apply to enrollment agree-ments made between students and certain in-stitutions of higher education; and to pro-hibit limitations on the ability of students to pursue claims against certain institutions of higher education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for her-self, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. N
ORCROSS ): H.R. 2302. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York (for herself, Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , and Mr. P
AYNE ): H. Con. Res. 51. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of the Congress that the Parthenon Marbles should be returned to Greece; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. KEATING (for himself, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. B ERA, Mr. B RAT, Mr. C APU-
ANO, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. S AMJOHN-
SON of Texas, Mr. J ONES , Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSON of Con-necticut, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. M OONEY of West Vir-ginia, Mr. N
EAL, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. R USH, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. S
IRES, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S WALWELL  of California, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. W
ENSTRUP ): H. Con. Res. 52. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that an appro-priate site in the Memorial Amphitheater in Arlington National Cemetery should be pro-vided for a memorial marker to honor the memory of those who have been awarded or are eligible for the Korean Defense Service Medal who are missing in action, are unac-counted for, or died in-theater; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. BYRNE: H. Res. 303. A resolution electing a Member to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. By Ms. SHEA-PORTER (for herself, Mr. ENGEL , and Mr. H ARPER ): H. Res. 304. A resolution expressing support for designation of May as ‘‘National Asthma and Allergy Awareness Month‘‘; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself, Mr. L
IPINSKI , and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE  of Pennsylvania): H. Res. 306. A resolution recognizing the impact of tribology on the United States economy and competitiveness in providing solutions to critical technical problems in manufacturing, energy production and use, transportation vehicles and infrastructure, greenhouse gas emissions, defense and home-land security, health care, mining safety and reliability, and space exploration, among others, and recognizing the need for in-creased research and development invest-ments in tribology and related fields; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. VELA: H.R. 2281. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 2282. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: H.R. 2283. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The United States Constitution Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, that Congress shall have the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper. By Mr. LABRADOR: H.R. 2284. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2—‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations re-specting the Territory or other Property be-longing to the United States’’ By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 2285. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 2286. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 2287. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L02MY7.100 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH3068 May 2, 2017 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ARTICLE I, SECTION 8, CLAUSE 18 By Mr. BOST: H.R. 2288. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 2289. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power to interstate commerce). By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 2290. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 2291. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. FASO: H.R. 2292. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HOLDING: H.R. 2293. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Articlel, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KING of New York: H.R. 2294. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. LEVIN: H.R. 2295. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 2296. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States but all duties, imposts, and ex-cises shall be uniform throughout. By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 2297. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to: Article I, Section 8, Clause I By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 2298. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. TENNEY: H.R. 2299. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 2300. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution In the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 2301. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the. foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN: H.R. 2302. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 states: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To establish Post Offices and post Roads.’’ f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 36: Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 113: Mr. C
HABOT and Mr. S ABLAN . H.R. 140: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 179: Mr. K
ATKO and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 184: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 216: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 227: Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. D ELBENE, and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 242: Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 289: Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 361: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 367: Mr. D
AVIDSON . H.R. 449: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 489: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. S
CHRADER , and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 490: Mr. M
AST, Mr. P ALMER , Mr. H UD-
SON, Mr. E MMER , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 544: Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 606: Mr. H
UNTER and Mr. R OYCE of California. H.R. 613: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 619: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. T
URNER , and Mr. B ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 635: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 681: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 721: Mr. K
INZINGER . H.R. 731: Mr. P
ANETTA , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. T
HOMPSON of California. H.R. 743: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 747: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. J ORDAN , and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 750: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 757: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 758: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas and Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 770: Mr. T
IBERI . H.R. 785: Mrs. B
LACKBURN and Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 787: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 807: Mr. Q
UIGLEY and Mr. O LSON . H.R. 813: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 820: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. R
USH, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 849: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia and Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 852: Ms. ROYBAL -ALLARD and Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 856: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 873: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. B
OST. H.R. 917: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 931: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 1022: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1065: Mr. J
ORDAN . H.R. 1090: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. C
ORREA , and Ms. E STYof Connecticut. H.R. 1114: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 1116: Mr. V
ELAand Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 1134: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 1136: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , Mr. W ALKER , and Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 1155: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 1156: Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. B IGGS, and Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 1164: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 1205: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. P
ETERS ; Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 1240: Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms, B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. L OBI-
ONDO . H.R. 1243: Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 1251: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 1267: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1272: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 1279: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN and Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 1299: Mr. C
LEAVER and Ms. D ELBENE. H.R. 1316: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 1318: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 1332: Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 1334: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 1405: Mr. K
IHUEN and Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 1421: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 1422: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 1446: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 1454: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 1456: Ms. E
STY of Connecticut, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Mas- sachusetts, and Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1475: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 1481: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1485: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan and Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1498: Ms. M
ATSUI , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , and Mr. P ALLONE . H.R. 1501: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1516: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire and Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 1530: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1542: Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Mr. S
TEWART . H.R. 1552: Mr. J
ORDAN . H.R. 1566: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1625: Mr. S
HERMAN , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. C OOK, Mr. G AR-
RETT , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Mr. M AST. H.R. 1651: Mr. R
OSKAM and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . H.R. 1660: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 1676: Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 1677: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 1683: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 1697: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. B LUM, Mr. M
ITCHELL , and Mr. R EED. H.R. 1698: Mr. H
OLDING , Mr. M OULTON , and Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 1711: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1719: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 1753: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Mr. C A´RDENAS . H.R. 1759: Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Ms. S
PEIER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:13 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.045 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H3069 May 2, 2017 
H.R. 1812: Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 1815: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 1825: Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. R USH, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. S CHRA -
DER, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. R OD-
NEYDAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. R OTHFUS . H.R. 1836: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1844: Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, and Mr. D ELANEY . H.R. 1847: Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. M
ITCHELL . H.R. 1873: Mr. J
ONES , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. M
EADOWS , and Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida. H.R. 1880: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. P INGREE , and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 1884: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. V
ALADAO , and Mr. B ERGMAN . H.R. 1886: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 1919: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia and Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 1928: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 1945: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 1949: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsyl- vania, Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. F RANKEL of Flor- ida, Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. M CNER-
NEY, and Ms. S INEMA . H.R. 1953: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 1955: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 1957: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 1972: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 1993: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. Y OUNG  of Iowa, and Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 1997: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 2004: Mr. L
UCAS . H.R. 2012: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 2016: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 2029: Mr. B
URGESS and Mr. G OHMERT . H.R. 2046: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 2052: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. L EE, Mrs. T
ORRES , and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 2063: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 2091: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 2105: Ms. B
ONAMICI and Mr. M CNER-
NEY. H.R. 2123: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2151: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 2155: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 2168: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 2188: Mr. B
URGESS and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 2192: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania and Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 2196: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 2207: Mr. L
OWENTHAL and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 2210: Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
ARINO , and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2264: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2266: Mr. C
RIST, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. R
ASKIN , and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 2268: Mr. R
OKITA . H.J. Res. 48: Ms. S
PEIER . H. Con. Res. 41: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H. Con. Res. 45: Mr. F
ASO, Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. B
ACON , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. C
OLE, Mr. H ECK, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. K
EATING , and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . H. Res. 124: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H. Res. 195: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H. Res. 220: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. C ORREA . H. Res. 276: Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H. Res. 277: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H. Res. 279: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. L
AMBORN . H. Res. 281: Mr. C
OLEand Mr. S COTT of Vir- ginia. H. Res. 295: Mr. S
ABLAN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY7.022 H02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2659 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, MAY 2, 2017 No. 75 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. God of love and laughter, we thank You for all of Your benefits. Your mer-cies to us are new each day. You send the sunshine and the rain. You provide us with seed time and harvest. You protect us from dangers and inspire us with Your abiding presence. Lord, thank You for providing our lawmakers with the gift of Your peace, even in the midst of life’s storms. Sup-ply all their needs from the abundance of Your celestial riches. Transform their gratitude into service to those who must daily experience the pain of privation and despair. Help us all to ex-press our faith in You with deeds of love. And, Lord, please be with the Larkin family during this season of grief. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
GOVERNMENT FUNDING LEGISLATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-terday, after months of committee work and bicameral negotiations, the government funding agreement that abides by the spending caps set in the bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 was filed over in the House. This legislation will promote a number of American and conservative priorities. It will help to strengthen the border with the largest border security fund-ing increase in a decade. It will help to strengthen the mili-tary with funding for a pay raise for our troops, along with a critically needed downpayment on the long over-due task of rebuilding our military. It will help to streamline the Federal bureaucracy with the elimination or consolidation of more than 150 govern-ment programs and initiatives. It contains many other conservative wins, too, like freezing funding for the IRS, cutting funding for the EPA, pro-hibiting funding for President Obama’s climate slush fund, and prohibiting a taxpayer bailout of ObamaCare’s risk corridors. It maintains the Hyde Amendment, will help veterans, and will fund implementation of the law that shifts control of education back to parents, States, and local school dis-tricts. Additionally, this legislation will provide more of the resources we need to help communities across our coun-try that continue to suffer from the opioid epidemic. It also permanently extends healthcare for thousands of re-tired coal miners from States like Ken-tucky—something for which I have fought for a long time and something I was proud to secure in this bill, as we put together the final package. Each of these measures is included in the funding bill we will take up later this week. I wish to commend President Trump and his team, including Director Mulvaney, Secretary Mattis, and Sec-retary Kelly, for quickly identifying national security priorities and work-ing with the Republican Congress to enact some of them. Secretary Mattis has made clear that rebuilding our military and restoring combat readi-ness for today and tomorrow will re-quire a multiyear, bipartisan commit-ment to meet the needs of the force. The additional contingency operations funding provided in this legislation represents an important first step to-ward meeting that goal. While this funding bill is the product of bipartisan negotiations, it delivers some important conservative wins, in-cluding critical steps forward on de-fense and border security. Senators should continue reviewing the bill text now so that we can pass it without delay after we receive it from the House. f 
NOMINATION OF JAY CLAYTON Mr. M
CCONNELL. Now, Mr. Presi-dent, on another matter, Senators voted on a bipartisan basis yesterday to advance Jay Clayton’s nomination to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and soon we will take an-other vote to confirm him. As Chairman C
RAPO noted at Clay-ton’s confirmation hearing, this nomi-nee has an impressive background. His extensive work in the private sector will serve him well as he looks to strengthen our financial markets, thereby supporting American busi-nesses, boosting job creation, and spur-ring economic growth. I appreciate Mr. Clayton’s willingness to take on this important task, as well as his vision, which he outlined at his hearing, to promote fair and transparent practices at the SEC. I look forward to his confirmation and to his leadership at this agency. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY6.000 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2660 May 2, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
GOVERNMENT FUNDING LEGISLATION Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, I wish to respond to the President’s lat-est tweets about the bipartisan, bi-cameral deal we just reached to fund the government through September. Members of both parties worked very hard to come to this agreement. There was a real spirit of cooperation. I thank Majority Leader M
CCONNELL and Speaker R
YAN and Leader P ELOSI , as well as Senators C
OCHRAN and L EAHY  and Congress Members F
RELINGHUYSEN  and L
OWEY , all who worked together often until the wee hours of the morn-ing to make this happen. We all spent a lot of time working on it, and I think we got a very good outcome. So when the President threw cold water on this deal and actually recommended a gov-ernment shutdown, I was deeply dis-appointed. Here we saw Democrats and Republicans working together in the best traditions of the Senate, and the President disparages it in a way that is destructive, essentially saying: Let’s have a shutdown. The President has been complaining about the lack of bipartisanship in Washington. Well, this deal is exactly how Washington should work when it is bipartisan. Both parties negotiated and came to an agreement on a piece of leg-islation we each can support. It is truly a shame that the President is degrad-ing it because he didn’t get 100 percent of what he wanted. Bipartisanship is best summed up by the Rolling Stones: You can’t always get what you want— or at least everything you want. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT’S TAX PLAN Mr. SCHUMER. On taxes, Mr. Presi-dent, yesterday, Secretary Mnuchin, in an appearance at the Milken Institute Conference, admitted that the adminis-tration plans to go it alone on taxes. He said they are trying to design their proposal to fit into the rules of rec-onciliation so they need only Repub-lican votes to pass their tax cut. The message was clear as day. The President is not interested in working with Democrats to craft a proposal that both parties can support. He is just going to pass his plan with Repub-lican votes or not pass it at all. What that means is that the Trump tax plan likely will not have to change much from the 200-word outline that they put out last week, and that means the Trump tax plan will benefit the incred-ibly wealthy and the special interests while leaving the middle-class, work-ing Americans with crumbs, at best. We Democrats support tax relief, so long as it is aimed at the middle class and those struggling to get there. Those are the folks who really need the help. College is getting ever more ex-pensive. Take-home pay is being squeezed in so many different direc-tions. The middle class and those work-ing to get there should be able to keep more of what they make, but the Trump tax plan seems designed to ben-efit his Cabinet and the incredibly wealthy on Wall Street, not Main Street and the middle class. There are many wealthy people doing very well in America. God bless them. Their lifestyles are getting better every year. Their incomes are getting better every day. They don’t need the help, but the middle class does. But in the Trump plan, taxes on the very wealthy and big corporations would go down, while tax deductions that benefit the middle class would go away. For example, President Trump campaigned on getting rid of the carried interest loophole. Instead, his plan keeps the carried interest loophole and creates an even bigger loophole for the wealthiest by allowing the so-called passthrough entities, which include wealthy businessmen like President Trump, to pay just 15 percent. So with this 15-percent passthrough, hedge fund managers, corporate lawyers, and big business CEOs who make millions of dollars every year would pay 15 per-cent, while their workers will pay 20, 25, 30 percent. To add insult to injury, the Trump tax plan would repeal the estate tax, a tax on estates only of over $10 mil-lion—very wealthy people. How many of us have a $10 million estate? And it would result in the 5,200 wealthiest families in America each year—or es-tates in America—receiving an average $3 million windfall. While the Trump plan eliminates taxes for the very wealthy, it also eliminates tax breaks that are most beneficial to the middle class, like the State and local deduc-tion. The loss of this deduction for those who use it would cost New York-ers an average of $4,500 a year. The middle class has seen rising ex-penses and virtually stagnant incomes. They need tax relief, not the loss of key tax deductions that helped put a few more dollars in their pockets. And the biggest danger for the middle class might be what happens after the Trump tax plan gets passed, if that happens. A tax cut for the wealthy of the size President Trump is proposing would explode the deficit, costing between $5.5 trillion and $7 trillion over 10 years, by some estimates. The Repub-licans might be willing to ignore the debt and deficit now in order to get their tax cut. But make no mistake about it, a few years down the line, they will start howling about the def-icit again and say: Oh, we have no choice but to cut Social Security and Medicare to make up for the massive debt they created with their tax cut. This has been the nefarious goal of the hard right for decades. In fact, the same story played out during the Bush years. President Bush passed a big tax break, primarily for the wealthy. It racked up debt, and then he pursued deep cuts to the social safety net to try to balance the ledger. He might have gotten it, but Demo-crats stood in his way. This could be deja vu all over again. In sum, the very wealthy get a huge tax break while the middle class gets very little. And down the road, pro-grams like Social Security and Medi-care—so crucial to the middle class— would be endangered. If this administration wants to pur-sue such a plan all on their own, that is their choice, but as we saw with healthcare, the go-it-alone approach doesn’t guarantee success. What it does guarantee is a very partisan bill that will benefit the very wealthy and the special interests—a bill that I predict will be very, very unpopular with the American people. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the Clayton nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The assistant bill clerk read the nomination of Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission for a term expiring June 5, 2021. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 12:30 p.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Wyoming. 
THE PRESIDENT ’S FIRST ONE HUNDRED DAYS  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, over the weekend, President Trump cele-brated 100 days that he has been in of-fice as President of the United States. Newspapers and magazines and pundits on television were all talking about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MY6.002 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2661 May 2, 2017 
what the President has accomplished in those first 100 days. From what I heard talking to people at home in Wyoming this past week-end, his first 100 days has been a huge success. People tell me that they think America is finally headed in the right direction again. I had a lot of people tell me they feel as if they have actu-ally gotten a new spring in their step as a result of the Presidential election last year and President Trump taking office. The other day when I was home, I was in line at the gas station behind a guy. A friend of his came and said: Hey, how are you doing? The guy said: Great. We are hiring again. That is the kind of confidence that is happening all around Wyoming. The polling company Gallup says that it is happening not just in Wyoming but all across the country. For 24 straight weeks, more Americans have been more optimistic than pessimistic about the economy. As soon as Donald Trump was elected President, economic con-fidence soared, and it has stayed posi-tive ever since. Gallup said that this is the exact opposite of what they had seen in the previous 8 years; that is, during the whole Obama administra-tion, during the entire so-called eco-nomic recovery. In another poll released last week, Gallup said that people are also less worried that they will lose the job they have. They found that American work-ers are less concerned about being laid off from their job than at any time since Gallup started asking questions way back in 1975. That is more than 40 years ago. Why are people optimistic now? I think it is because they see that Presi-dent Trump and the Republicans in Congress are serious about improving the economy. They see that we are se-rious about giving relief to Americans who have been getting buried under an avalanche of redtape. They see that the President is off to a very fast start in the White House. Just look at what we have already done to help relieve the burdens on Americans. Congress has rolled back 13 different midnight regulations that President Obama tried to sneak through at the last minute. We struck down a stream buffer rule that was meant to block coal mining. We got rid of a rule that puts Americans at a com-petitive disadvantage when they are trying to develop energy resources overseas. We got rid of a regulation that took the control of local energy issues away from the State officials; we got rid of that regulation. And we got rid of one of the regulations that gave more control to Washington and less to States. These were regulations that harmed Americans and wiped out American jobs. Now those regulations are gone. We have more that we can do to roll back terrible regulations like these. I have introduced a resolution to block another damaging rule that has come out by the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, which has to do with the Obama administration rules on methane that is produced at oil and gas wells. The new regulations created confusion by duplicating other rules that were al-ready on the books. That was the problem with so many of these regulations coming out by the Obama administration as they left of-fice: regulation on top of regulation causing costs and confusion. They added costs that discourage energy pro-duction and kill energy jobs. I hope that we can have a vote on this resolution very soon and get rid of this unnecessary red tape. As active as Congress has been get-ting rid of these unfair, last-minute rules, President Trump has been even more active. He has already signed at least 30 Executive orders to help clear a path for the American economy to take off again. He signed a major Exec-utive order promoting American en-ergy independence. This has been an enormous shift away from the Obama- era approach of disruptive regulations, restrictions, and Washington over-reach. All of these regulations did more to harm hard-working Americans than they did to actually help the environ-ment. From now on, Washington will be looking for ways to protect our en-vironment while helping our economy to grow. Just last week, President Trump took another important step to keep his promises. He eased restrictions on drilling for oil and gas in offshore areas, like the Arctic and the Atlantic Oceans. These places have great poten-tial for producing the energy America needs. President Trump is helping to create certainty that those resources will be available if we need them. President Obama couldn’t imagine that it was possible to have responsible energy development in America. Presi-dent Trump knows differently. He knows it is possible. He knows that American workers can do the job. He knows that America will be stronger because of it. I think that is the kind of thing the American people mean when they tell me that they feel they have a spring in their step. I can also tell you that this is just the beginning. Remember when Presi-dent Obama bragged that he had a pen and a phone? Well, President Trump has proved that he has a whole drawer full of pens, and he intends to keep using them to help get the American economy growing again. He wants to hear more people saying that things are great; we are hiring again. That is what the President has been doing, and it is what Congress is doing. These are the kinds of things that will get this country back on track when it comes to our energy policy. In Wyoming and in much of the coun-try, energy means jobs. Our goal should be to make American energy as clean as we can, as fast as we can with-out raising costs on American families. All of us should be able to agree on that. It is time to restore that balance to America’s energy policy. President Trump is dedicated to getting that bal-ance right. Republicans in Congress are dedi-cated to getting the economy back in gear, and I hope that more Democrats will join us with their ideas and with their support. That is what the Amer-ican people want, and it is what they voted for. It is why people are con-fident and why they see better days ahead for this great country. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM  
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I rise to discuss an issue of extraordinary im-portance to the people of Louisiana and to many Americans. Yet again, Ameri-cans are witnessing a dramatic, rumor- filled guessing game. I am not talking about the latest new release from Netflix, I am talking about the reau-thorization of the extremely important National Flood Insurance Program—we call it the NFIP, which I can assure you has played more like an episode of ‘‘Veep’’ than ‘‘House of Cards’’ for the audience that watches it unfold every few years. I am sorry to say, Congress has re-peatedly and consistently mangled the reauthorization of this essential Fed-eral program. In 2010, the NFIP expired four times—not once, not twice but four times, for a total of 53 days, which injected uncertainty throughout a fragile housing market that had just been devastated 2 years previously. That was inexcusable. Local econo-mies felt the sting of 1,400 home closing delays or cancellations per day that the program was expired. Now, along with many of the program’s stake-holders and participants, I believe it is crucial that we avoid this type of con-gressionally imposed delay. Congress should extend the program. Let me say that again. Congress should extend the National Flood Insurance Program for a multiyear reauthoriza-tion before the September 30 deadline of this year. Our economy demands it. Many Americans may remember when the Biggert-Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act was signed into law in 2012. I was not in the Senate then. I was State Treasurer in Louisiana, but I cer-tainly remember it. In an effort to bring the program closer to solvency after Superstorm Sandy, policyholders, as a result of Biggert-Waters, saw their premiums quickly rise to ‘‘actuarial levels.’’ For policyholders in my home State of Louisiana, this meant unaffordable lev-els. It doesn’t do any good to offer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MY6.004 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2662 May 2, 2017 
Americans insurance they cannot af-ford. That is what Biggert-Waters did, just like the Affordable Care Act. FEMA’s mishandling of Biggert- Waters implementation resulted in truly inaccurate rate hikes that placed the viability of the entire National Flood Insurance Program at risk. I even remember the local news stations in Louisiana, like WWL and WBRZ, broadcasting horror stories of expo-nential rate hikes as a result of Biggert-Waters, hitting hardest in South Louisiana’s middle-class neigh-borhoods. Residents of St. Charles Parish and Lafourche Parish—in my State we call our counties parishes. We are the only one in America, only State in America, Louisiana, that does it. We do it right. Everybody else does it wrong. I remem-ber residents of St. Charles Parish and Lafourche Parish sending in copies of their house keys to congressional rep-resentatives to give to FEMA because they could not afford the flood insur-ance. They were required to carry it. Therefore, they were just going to turn their home over. This was a sign that the government might as well take their homes because the insurance rates were so unaffordable. In this way, Biggert-Waters also made their homes unsalable. Going for-ward with the extension of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program, we have to find a way to deal with the sol-vency of the NFIP that is responsible. At the same time, we cannot move the program from red to black entirely on the backs of policyholders. It just will not work. What do we need to do? We need to examine how FEMA spends every sin-gle dollar of premiums paid by policy-holders into the system—every single dollar. We need to find solutions to im-prove the functionality and efficiency of the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram and to ensure that those who are mandated to carry flood insurance ac-tually purchase flood insurance. It is clear to the policyholders in Louisiana that the NFIP has to do a better job also in one other respect. That is by giving our local officials a seat at the table. It is not written in the Constitution that flood policy and flood mapping has to originate and end with the Federal bureaucracy in Wash-ington, DC. In fact, flood mapping and flood pol-icy will benefit from having our local officials participate with a seat at the table. Our local levee boards and levee districts in Louisiana, along with the families who have lived on the land being insured for generations, know every single ditch, every single drain-age canal from St. Tammany Parish to Terrebonne Parish. The NFIP bureau-crats ought to be asking them for guid-ance when rewriting flood maps and flood policy, not the other way around. Instead, our folks only get invited to the dance after all the decisions have been made in Washington, when the cow is already out of the barn. I believe this is a commonsense principle that ought to be included in legislation to ultimately extend and reform the pro-gram: give our local officials who know the land best a seat at the table, not perfunctory, a real seat at the table, to contribute to flood mapping and flood policy. The NFIP will be better for it. FEMA’s mission, as we all know, is to lead America, to prepare for, pre-vent, respond to, and recover from dis-aster. That is why FEMA exists. The flood program is an extension of that mission. That is why, when consultants who work for FEMA—I am talking about contractors, I am talking about engineers, I am talking about lawyers, consultants who spend taxpayer money and are paid with taxpayer money working for FEMA, both contractors and subcontractors, if you wish to call them that, with the National Flood In-surance Program’s Write Your Own Program, lose focus sometimes in help-ing flood victims. Let me say that again. We spend mil-lions of taxpayer dollars through the National Flood Insurance Program paying consultants, contractors, law-yers, engineers to help administer the program and adjust claims. When it works, it is a beautiful thing. When it doesn’t work, it is an unmitigated dis-aster and is unfair to every taxpayer who put up his or her hard-earned money and every policyholder of the National Flood Insurance Program. On occasions it has not worked. The vast majority of consultants do a fine job, but some don’t. Those who have abused the program should be fired. That is why I am introducing a bill. It is called the National Flood In-surance Program Consultant Account-ability Act. It is real simple. It will give the FEMA Administrator the au-thority to fire any consultant, con-tractor, lawyer, engineer, whomever, who engage in conduct detrimental to the mission of the National Flood In-surance Program. The bill will be fair. It will have an appeals process to ensure that good consultants are not penalized for being falsely accused, but this is a simple, commonsense reform that frankly should have been put in place years ago. If a consultant commits activity that in the opinion of the FEMA Ad-ministrator is detrimental to a pro-gram—for example, if he falsifies an engineering report that shows flooding caused the insured’s damage, if he fal-sifies a report to say it didn’t cause damage—then that consultant should be fired. This bill is going to give the FEMA Administrator the authority to do it. I believe the proper tools are not in place to hold government accountants accountable and to throw out bad ac-tors. They are just not. During the Sandy recovery, major media reports claimed several firms actually altered engineering reports tied to flood insur-ance claims. The altered reports—engi-neering reports that originally said a flood caused the insured’s damage and therefore the insured should be paid, those engineering reports were altered to say flooding did not contribute to the damage. These altered reports—intentionally altered—cost families the insurance payments they deserved and delayed their recovery. These were Americans who did the right thing. They bought flood insurance, and because of some consultants working for the NFIP, they were not allowed, at least ini-tially, to recover. Only one engineering company was actually convicted of wrongdoing, but a number partici-pated. Many of those who participated in this tomfoolery are still partici-pating in the program and are still re-ceiving taxpayer funding to contract with FEMA. On March 14, the head of FEMA’s Na-tional Flood Insurance Program, Mr. Roy Wright, testified before the Bank-ing Committee, on which I sit. He has testified that he can only fire contrac-tors from participating in the National Flood Insurance Program if they are debarred, disbarred, or criminally con-victed. He can’t just pick up the phone and correct the situation. If he sees a consultant misbehaving, not acting in the best interest of the National Flood Insurance Program or the insured or the American taxpayer, he can’t do a doggone thing about it, according to Mr. Wright’s testimony, unless they are actually criminally convicted or disbarred, if they happen to be a lawyer. This bill is going to let the FEMA Administrator do something about it. There is nothing like a good firing every now and then to shake up an or-ganization. The NFIP is responsible for admin-istering insurance payouts for the 29,600 flood insurance claims—30,000 flood insurance claims—in my State submitted for the historic, ‘‘once in a thousand years’’ flood that occurred in Louisiana last August and last March. FEMA and its consultants and its contractors will be aiding in paying out, I hope, more than $2.4 billion in taxpayer money. Louisiana’s insured and the American taxpayers need to know that these consultants can be trusted and are highly regarded by their peers. As a member of the Senate Banking Committee, I plan to include this bill and other types of commonsense re-forms during the reauthorization proc-ess of the National Flood Insurance Program, and I hope to do so on a bi-partisan basis. I encourage my colleagues not to play politics with this legislation. I en-courage my colleagues not to play poli-tics with the National Flood Insurance Program. It is central to the success of the American economy. Let’s try to work to avoid partisan battles and develop a National Flood Insurance Program that makes sense for the policyholders and for the Amer-ican taxpayer. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MY6.019 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2663 May 2, 2017 
I am not naive. I know that different coalitions and special interest groups, armed with their lobbyists, descend on the Hill. I hope we won’t forget the people back home—in my hometown and in the Presiding Officer’s home-town—who will feel the repercussions of our legislative actions with respect to this important program. I am very much looking forward to working with my colleagues on the Banking Committee to make this a successful reauthorization of the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program for the 5.5 million Americans who rely on it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). The Senator from Arkansas. 
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW ACT  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I want to take this opportunity to highlight what I consider an unsung achievement of this administration and this Con-gress—the slow but steady rollback of the last administration’s midnight reg-ulations. The numbers are impressive. Using the Congressional Review Act, we have repealed 13 regulations so far, which adds up to a $3.6 billion reduction in regulatory costs. To put it in more human terms, we have saved the Amer-ican people 4.2 million hours of paper-work, which I can tell you is more than welcome news in Arkansas. The other thing about these resolu-tions we have passed is that they are permanent. We haven’t simply put these regulations on pause for a future President to revive them with a pen and phone. No, we have outlawed them forever. Any President who wants to reimpose them and their huge costs will have to pass a new law to do so, making the rules we live under and the people who make them accountable to the voters. That is a bit of a foreign concept to the people in Washington these days. But the way I see it, that is all the more reason to celebrate what we have achieved. I know the other side will say: This is a dark day for America. To hear them tell it, blotting out all these regula-tions will leave a dark stain on our law books. To them, this rollback is a throwback to a dangerous, rough-and- tumble era—one filled with dirty air, dirty water, and a frighteningly low quality of life. But it just ain’t so. Stop and take a look at the regula-tions we have repealed, and then ask yourself: Why should Washington de-cide how we evaluate our teachers? Shouldn’t parents, States, and cities do that? Why shouldn’t States be able to test for drugs before handing out un-employment insurance? Is that such an unreasonable request? Why are bureau-crats who are sitting in an office thou-sands of miles away managing our land and wildlife? Shouldn’t it be the people who live right there? Why should Federal bureaucrats be able to override a law duly passed by Congress and signed by the President? Do any of these regulations add much to our quality of life? Is this really about protecting the public interest? Or is it more about re-warding special interests? In fact, I can understand why liberals are bewildered at the idea that all these rules are hurting jobs, because these rules cer-tainly are creating jobs—for lawyers and lobbyists. If there had been a bill, it would have been called ‘‘The Amer-ican Bar Association Full Employment Act.’’ That, perhaps, is the real issue here. It is not a question of whether we are going to live under rules. We have rules—plenty of them. The question is this: What kinds of rules are we going to live under? Are we going to pass laws that impose costs on rural Amer-ica, only to add more wealth to urban America? Are we going to kill blue-col-lar jobs so we can create more white- collar jobs? Or are we going to pass laws that help all Americans in all walks of life, as we should? When you look at things this way, I would say we have scored a pretty im-pressive victory, indeed, over these last 3 months. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Re-publican whip. 
TRAGEDY AT THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, first, I would like to offer a brief word on some tragic events that occurred in my State over the last few days. Yesterday, at the University of Texas in Austin, a man wielding a knife began attacking students on campus. He injured three and tragically killed another. My prayers are with the en-tire UT community, particularly the friends and families of those injured and the student who lost his life. This was a senseless act of violence, and it is abhorrent. We don’t yet know the details for why this deranged indi-vidual acted the way he did. Local offi-cials are still gathering details about the case. I am grateful to the University of Texas police for quickly apprehending the suspect and stopping further loss of life and injury. I offer them and the rest of the law enforcement community in Austin, around the State, and around the Nation my support as they seek justice and continue to protect, in this instance, one of the State’s flag-ship institutions of higher learning. 
DEADLY STORMS IN EAST TEXAS  
Mr. President, many are aware that major storms ripped through parts of East Texas, including Van Zandt, Hen-derson, Rains, and Hopkins Counties, last weekend. On Saturday afternoon and evening, four tornadoes tore through the area, leaving a lot of dam-age in its wake, particularly in the town of Canton, in Van Zandt County. Dozens of people were injured and taken to the hospital, and, tragically, four people died. I plan to speak to the mayor of Can-ton and to Judge Kirkpatrick, the Van Zandt County judge, later today to offer them my condolences but more importantly, perhaps, to offer our help in addition to our prayers. I know they are working as hard as they can to continue to assess the dam-age done and to find a way forward to help bring assistance to those most in need. I am particularly grateful and im-pressed by the work of local leaders across my great State and around the country who step up at a time of crisis like this and organizations like the American Red Cross, which always seem to show up to offer a helping hand, as well as local schools and churches that have come together to lend a hand in this area during such a difficult time. Some have lost their own homes, vehicles, and, of course, loved ones. As I said, my thoughts and prayers are with all of them, and I stand ready to work alongside them in this resil-ient part of my great State as they re-cover from these deadly storms. GOVERNMENT FUNDING LEGISLATION  
Mr. President, as we all know by now, over the weekend an agreement was finally reached on the funding bill to keep the U.S. Government open and to provide much needed, long-term funding to our Federal agencies. I am particularly glad we found a way forward. Now, that is not synony-mous with saying I like everything in the bill, but a piece of legislation like this is inherently a compromise. Com-promise means that usually people on both ends of the negotiation are not entirely happy because they have had to give up something in order to get something. This is the process, and we have to build consensus, even on con-troversial topics like this funding bill. The agreed to bill consists of the 11 remaining appropriations bills, with additional funding set aside for our military, disaster relief, and border se-curity. I, for one, have been encouraged to hear folks from both sides of the aisle—Republicans and Democrats alike—make clear that we actually agree more than we disagree when it comes to securing our border. President Trump has made no secret of his position. He said from the begin-ning that border security would be a top priority for him. Coming from a border State, as does the Presiding Of-ficer, we all understand particularly well how important this is to our com-munities along the border but also to our States and to the entire country. I have been glad to read press reports and hear the minority leader, Senator S
CHUMER , among others, talk about how providing more resources to secure our borders is necessary to keep us safe and to stem the tide of illegal drugs, il-legal immigration, and contraband en-tering our country. In fact, last week, the Senator from New York, the minority leader, said: ‘‘Democrats have always been for bor-der security.’’ Well, I was glad to hear him say that. Last month during the State work period, I had the chance to speak to hundreds of my constituents from all across the State—10 cities in all. Part 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:48 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MY6.020 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2664 May 2, 2017 
of that time was spent visiting with folks who live and work along the U.S.- Mexico border, specifically in Laredo and in the town of Mission, near McAllen. All along the border, we talked about the significant ties between the United States and Mexico, how Mexico is Texas’ largest trading partner, and how Texas farmers, ranchers, and manufac-turers rely greatly on trade with our southern neighbor. They pointed out that the U.S. Chamber of Commerce has actually issued a chart that docu-ments that 5 million American jobs de-pend on binational trade with Mexico. I think most people are unaware of that or don’t pay enough attention to the fact that our economies are inex-tricably tied together. During my visit to the border, I was fortunate enough to have the chance to talk about our mutual security con-cerns with Governor Cabeza de Vaca, the Governor of Tamaulipas, a State that shares its northern border with Texas. I am grateful to Mexican leaders like the Governor and my friend Ambas-sador Gutierrez, the new Mexican Am-bassador to the United States, who share our vision for a more secure bor-der and more robust trade at the same time. They are not mutually exclusive. It is important that we have both—se-curity and trade. It goes without saying that free trade has been a cornerstone of the economy in Texas, adding billions to our econ-omy annually and bolstering our rela-tionship with our partner to the south. In other words, free-trade agreements, particularly NAFTA, or the North American Free Trade Agreement, are particularly important to many of my State’s leading industries, such as agri-culture and energy. As I said, bilateral trade with Mexico supports 5 million jobs across our en-tire country, and this has led to a vi-brant border, from El Paso, out in West Texas, and all the way to Brownsville in the south. Of course, like anything that is 20-plus years old, there is room for it to be updated and improved, and NAFTA is no different. I hope in mov-ing forward that the President will work with us to modernize NAFTA. As we consider this Omnibus appro-priations bill and specifically more re-sources to enhance security along the border, I think we can all agree that our approach should be twofold: We must devote resources to not only en-hance border security but also to fix aging infrastructure at our ports of entry. Fortunately, this bill does ex-actly that. It contains the most robust border security funding in 10 years, and that includes funding for infrastruc-ture upgrades, increasing technology along the border, and improving TSA screening at airports too. I am glad we found a way to fund the government and to actually govern while doing more for our national de-fense and security, particularly secu-rity along the border. But let’s not lose sight of the ultimate aim here: Our country needs long-term, sustainable funding for our government, particu-larly for our national security, so they can plan and prepare in the years ahead, and the stop-start and short- term continuing resolutions or the threat of a government shutdown does not facilitate that sort of planning and preparation. That is how the appropria-tions process was designed to work best, and that is what I hope we are all working toward—a restoration of the normal appropriations process, with no more of these narratives about shut-downs. We weren’t elected, in my view—cer-tainly not given the majority here in the Senate and in the House, as well as the President in the White House—to shut down the government; we were elected to govern. Yes, governing is hard. It is hard by design. It is hard for anything to navigate the maze of the legislature and this legislative process. It is hard to get people to agree in the House and then the Senate and then to get the signature of the President of the United States. But that is the way our Founding Fathers designed our constitutional system. I think most of our colleagues in this Chamber would agree that we want to provide more stability, not less. It is important for our economy, if we want to see our economy grow. I just heard from folks who visited my office. They said the political in-stability of rules changing from one ad-ministration to the next with Execu-tive orders and the like really is a de-terrent to investment because they don’t know whether the business model they are employing today will be viewed the same way tomorrow with a new administration. So we need to pro-vide more stability by getting back to the consensus-building process that is legislating, and we need to do away with short-term continuing resolutions and funding that actually hurts us strategically. I know my family and most folks I know take a look at their budget. They consider what they want to do with it, including the things they absolutely have to pay for, and then from there decide if they have anything left for a vacation or if they want to save more or if they need to make an improve-ment in their home down the road. That is how we responsibly prepare for tomorrow in our personal lives, and governing is no different in that sense. That is how we can do better by the generations coming after us in the Sen-ate—by putting our country on a budg-et and sticking to it. This bill, while not perfect, is a step in that direction. It complies with the budget caps of the Budget Control Act of 2011, which has kept discretionary spending roughly flat since 2011. That is an amazing ac-complishment in many ways. But if you look at the rest of what Congress does not appropriate—the so- called mandatory or entitlement spending—it has been going up, and it will go up next year 5.5 percent. The fact is, until we have the courage to come to grips with all of the money the Federal Government spends so we can prioritize it in a fiscally respon-sible way—we will never adequately fund our military and we will never adequately fund our other national pri-orities as long as Congress and the White House are left with 70 percent of that spending untouchable because of the politics involved. I hope some day we will have the courage to deal with that. Mr. President, just a couple other thoughts before I close. I hear people from time to time talk about whether a government shutdown is one of those tactics or tools one might use in a ne-gotiation to actually gain advantage. I happen to think that a government shutdown is basically an abdication of our responsibility, particularly if we are in the majority. On what basis would we argue to vot-ers: Look, elect me, and I will shut down the government. Our voters, the people who elected Republican majori-ties in both Houses and elected this President, did not vote for us in order to shut down the government; they voted for us to govern, as hard as it is. As I said a moment ago, it is hard by design. People get frustrated. People don’t get everything they want the first time they try to get it. Some-times people just give up, which is what shutting down the government is—it is giving up. I hear other people talk about things like the filibuster. It is important to recognize there are basically two types of things we do here in the Senate. One is that we take up the nominations of the President’s nominees, as we did with Judge Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. We do that for his Cabinet and the like. Basically, there are two choices there: yes or no. We have decided together that all of the President’s Cabinet nominees and now all of the judges will get an up-or- down vote. So we have eliminated the so-called filibuster, or the 60-vote re-quirement, when it comes to nomina-tions because you can’t offer an amend-ment to a nomination. You can’t shape it in order to try to develop consensus. So I think there is a good argument that we should never have headed down the road of a filibuster of nominees. They need to get a majority vote, and if they do, then they are going to be confirmed. Legislation is fundamentally dif-ferent. We have 535 Members of Con-gress, all of us coming with different experience and different points of view. Again, the Founding Fathers made it hard for us to build sufficient con-sensus in order for us to govern this big country of ours, some 320 million peo-ple. What they understood fundamen-tally was that the only way that hap-pens is when we are forced to govern by consensus; that is, to build sufficient votes in order to have some stability and durability in the laws we pass. Laws having to do with Medicare and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MY6.006 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2665 May 2, 2017 
Social Security were controversial in their day, but there was bipartisan consensus that supported them, and that is why they remain durable to this day. I have heard people recently—actu-ally since the election and actually as recently as today—say ‘‘Well, maybe we ought to do away with the 60-vote cloture requirement,’’ which is another way of saying ‘‘Let’s do away with the filibuster on legislation.’’ Well, I think I know how Members of the Senate feel about that, by and large. If I am not mistaken, the Senator from Maine, our friend Ms. C
OLLINS , and others led an effort to get 61 signatures from Sen-ators saying they didn’t believe we should ever do away with the legisla-tive filibuster, and I agree with that. It is very important that in a country as big and diverse as ours, with 535 Mem-bers of Congress, that we be forced or strongly encouraged, at least, to build consensus before we pass laws that are going to govern this great and vast country of ours. That is why the clo-ture requirement or the filibuster re-quirement is still important. It may be frustrating, it may take longer to get things done, but once we get them done by bipartisan consensus, then they are durable and they will last even beyond the next President and the next admin-istration. There is another reason it is impor-tant to keep the filibuster requirement on legislation. That is because when we are in the minority, as Republicans have been from time to time—when the majority can’t get the 60 votes because there is sufficient dissension and dif-ferent points of view that deny 60 votes, then legislation can’t pass be-cause we can’t cut off debate under the cloture rule. I have in my hand a document with 15 examples of bills that our Demo-cratic friends, when they were in the majority, supported but that failed to reach the 60-vote threshold because Re-publicans were not convinced, and thus cloture was not achieved and the bills were not passed. I can think of tax in-creases. I can think of card check in the labor law environment. I can think of measures with regard to climate change, which remains politically con-troversial—not the fact of climate change but, rather, what government should do to respond to it. There are examples like that and others where Republicans, even when we were in the minority, were able to stop and force a more extended conversation, to force greater effort at consensus building be-fore we passed legislation that might have such a dramatic impact on our great country. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that this document be printed in the R
ECORD at the conclusion of my re-marks. Mr. President, we will continue to de-bate this appropriations bill this week. My hope is that we will pass it by Thursday and we will move on to our other business. I know the House of Representatives is revisiting the healthcare bill that will, once passed the House, come to the Senate, and the Senate will have an opportunity to weigh in on that, and then the con-sensus building will continue until we ultimately get it to the President for his signature. Shortly behind that is going to be a pro-growth tax reform bill, which is going to be an important element of what we do this year to help get our economy growing and back on track. Again, this is something on which no individual has all the good ideas, and we are going to have to work together to get it done. I think it is very impor-tant that we get the funding of the government behind us so we can move on to healthcare reform, so we can move on to tax reform. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
WHY THE SENATE LEGISLATIVE FILIBUSTER  P
ROTECTS AMERICANS  
FIFTEEN EXAMPLES OF DEMOCRATIC BILLS WITH  
MAJORITY SUPPORT THAT FAILED TO REACH  
THE 60 -VOTE THRESHOLD  S. 3036: Climate Security Act (Cap and Trade)—Vote: 48–36 (Jun. 6, 2008) S. 3044: Consumer-First Energy Act (In-creased taxes on energy producers)—Vote: 51–43 (Jun. 10, 2008) S. 3268: Stop Excessive Energy Speculation Act (Imposed new regulations on energy trading)—Vote: 50–43 (Jul. 25, 2008) S. 3816: Creating American Jobs and End-ing Offshoring Act (Protectionist trade poli-cies)—Vote: 53–45 (Sept. 28, 2010) S. 1323: Sense of the Senate regarding the budget (Resolution expressing the need to in-crease taxes)—Vote: 51–49 (Jul. 13, 2011) S. 1660: American Jobs Act of 2011 (Demo-cratic stimulus bill/Tax Hike)—Vote: 50–49 (Oct. 11 2011) S. 2204: Repeal Big Oil Tax Subsidies Act (Raised taxes on energy producers)—Vote: 51–47 (Mar. 29 2012) S. 2230: Paying a Fair Share Act of 2012 (‘‘Buffet Rule’’ Tax Hike)—Vote: 56–42 (Apr. 16, 2012) S. 2237: Small Business Jobs and Tax Relief Act (Democratic stimulus bill/Tax hike)— Vote: 53–44 (Jul. 12, 2012); Vote: 57–41 (Jul. 12 2012) S. 3369: DISCLOSE Act of 2012 (Political free speech restrictions)—Vote: 51–44 (Jul. 16, 2012); Vote: 53–45 (Jul. 17, 2012) S. 3364: Bring Home Jobs Act (Raised taxes on American-based global businesses)—Vote: 56–42 (Jul. 19, 2012) S. 388: American Family Economic Protec-tion Act (Dem. sequester alternative: raised taxes and cut defense spending)—Vote: 51–49 (Feb. 28, 2013) S. 1845: Emergency Unemployment Com-pensation Extension Act (Extend length of unemployment benefits, adding billions to the deficit)—Vote: 52–48 (Jan. 14, 2014); Vote: 55–45 (Jan. 14, 2014); Vote: 58–40 (Feb. 6, 2014); Vote: 55–43 (Feb. 6, 2014) S. 2223: Minimum Wage Fairness Act (Raised the minimum wage to $10.10)—Vote: 54–42 (Apr. 30, 2014) S. 2569: Bring Jobs Home Act (Raise taxes on American-based global businesses)—Vote: 54–42 (Jul. 30, 2014) 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. STRANGE ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, when he was running for President, Donald Trump laid out a pretty clear vision of how he would deal with Wall Street. He said: ‘‘Wall Street has caused tremen-dous problems for us.’’ He claimed he wasn’t ‘‘going to let Wall Street get away with murder,’’ and he called out Goldman Sachs as the prime example of a big bank that has too much influ-ence over the political process. That was really powerful stuff. When Candidate Trump became President Trump, he seemed to forget every scrap of his tough-on-Wall Street talk. Within weeks of taking office, he turned over his administration’s eco-nomic agenda to none other than Gold-man Sachs. His senior strategist, Steve Bannon, spent half a decade at Gold-man Sachs as an investment banker. His National Economic Council Direc-tor, Gary Cohn, came directly from Goldman Sachs, where he spent 25 years and rose to become President of the bank. His Secretary of the Treas-ury, Steve Mnuchin, spent 17 years at Goldman Sachs before leaving to start his own hedge fund, which brings us to Jay Clayton, President Trump’s nomi-nee to run the Securities and Exchange Commission. To be fair, Mr. Clayton never worked at Goldman Sachs, he just worked for Goldman Sachs, taking their money and representing them for years as a lawyer at a major New York City law firm. So here we are, just over 8 years after Wall Street triggered a financial crisis and brought the economy to its knees, and President Trump has put the Gold-man Sachs gang in charge of holding Wall Street accountable. Trump’s be-trayal of his campaign promises on Wall Street is shameful, but it is also dangerous, especially when it comes to picking the person to lead the SEC. The SEC is supposed to be the cop on the beat for Wall Street. That is why Congress created it in the 1930s, after fraud and other misconduct on Wall Street led to an enormous stock mar-ket crash and the Great Depression. Congress gave the SEC the authority to oversee financial markets and to hold companies and individuals ac-countable when they defrauded inves-tors. When the SEC doesn’t do its job, the consequences can be devastating. Look at what happened the last time the SEC was under Republican control in the years leading up to the 2008 crisis. The SEC was asleep at the switch. While Wall Street flooded the market with dangerous securities and lied to investors, the SEC heard nothing, saw nothing, stopped nothing. The Repub-lican-led SEC did nothing. When the whole market blew up, it was ordinary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MY6.008 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2666 May 2, 2017 
investors and working families who got asked to bail out Wall Street. So what kind of SEC Chairman would Mr. Clayton be? Let’s start by looking at how he would lead the SEC’s en-forcement efforts against Wall Street, how he would be as a cop on the beat. Under ethics rules, for the first half of his term, Mr. Clayton cannot partici-pate in any enforcement action that in-volves one of his former clients. That means he cannot take part in any case against Goldman Sachs. OK. But there is more. Goldman Sachs is just one of his former big bank clients. Mr. Clay-ton also can’t take action against Deutsche Bank or against UBS or against Barclays. These are some of Wall Street’s biggest and most egre-gious repeat offenders, and Mr. Clayton would be barred from enforcing the law against them. That is not all. Ethics rules also pre-vent Mr. Clayton from participating in any enforcement case against a party that is represented by his former law firm, Sullivan and Cromwell. Sullivan and Cromwell is a premier Wall Street firm, with a long client list that in-cludes big banks like JPMorgan Chase and the credit rating agency Moody’s. That means there will likely be even more cases against top Wall Street firms that Mr. Clayton can’t work on. Here is why that matters so much. For most enforcement actions, it takes a majority vote of the five SEC Com-missioners. In other words, it takes three people to advance an enforce-ment action. In a number of recent cases, the two Democrats have voted for stronger enforcement and the two Republicans have voted against it. If the Chairman can’t vote—and Mr. Clayton can’t vote if some of the big-gest and most disreputable banks are involved—then the Commission is like-ly to come up short of the necessary three votes. You know what that means. It means the banks walk free. Confirming Mr. Clayton to run the SEC will almost certainly result in weaker enforcement against the major players on Wall Street. Mr. Clayton is also likely to pursue a Wall Street-friendly agenda when it comes to the SEC’s rulemaking respon-sibilities. When he testified before me and before other members of the Bank-ing Committee, Mr. Clayton refused to commit to completing the rules that Congress asked the SEC to write all the way back in 2010 as part of its postcrisis financial reforms. Mr. Clay-ton even refused to commit to imple-menting and enforcing some of the postcrisis rules that the SEC has al-ready finalized and put in place. I don’t have any faith that Mr. Clay-ton will be the kind of tough, inde-pendent leader we need at the SEC. His nomination is just one more broken promise, one more time that Donald Trump has put Wall Street ahead of the interests of the American people. The last time a Republican President led us down this path, it resulted in the worst financial crash of our lifetime. We can’t go down that path again. I will be voting against Mr. Clayton’s nomination, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at 5:20 p.m. today, all postcloture time on the Clayton nomination be considered ex-pired and the Senate proceed to vote on the nomination with no intervening ac-tion or debate. I further ask that, if confirmed, the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action and that the Senate proceed to a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECESS Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate stand in recess as under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 12:28 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of Jay Clayton to serve as Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Americans deserve a Chair who will run the SEC on their behalf, not for the benefit of Wall Street banks and big corporations. Far too many folks in this town have collective amnesia about the costs of the last financial crisis: $19 trillion lost in household wealth, 8 million jobs lost, more than 15 million foreclosures, hundreds and hundreds of them in the Presiding Offi-cer’s and my State. Those numbers don’t seem to get bet-ter as time goes by. All over the coun-try, in Ohio and elsewhere, families want strong rules that prevent banks from doing as they please, enriching themselves at the expense of others and then handing the bill to American taxpayers. The most basic duty of the Chair of the SEC is leading his fellow Commissioners through tough issues and policing Wall Street. Mr. Clayton will fall woefully short. His law firm, his former clients will create a steady stream of conflicts of interest, forcing him to recuse himself in cases involving former clients for 2 of the 4 years he would serve as Chair. He will be sitting on the sidelines on potential enforcement actions because of his representation in the work he did prior to being at the SEC. That is not draining the swamp. Goldman Sachs, Deutsche Bank, Royal Bank of Canada, UBS—he will have to recuse himself on all of those cases. That does not sound like someone who will be in there fighting for the American people or working to protect America’s financial markets. It is not a theoretical concern. Former Chair White faced conflicts and recusals in more than four dozen en-forcement investigations in her first 2 years. In those cases, big banks, like Bank of America, used those recusals to their advantage when the Commis-sion was deadlocked. That undermines the Commission’s authority. That is why I opposed Ms. White for her posi-tion—one of the same reasons I am op-posing Mr. Clayton. Instead of con-firming the same kind of nominees we have had in the past, with dozens of conflicts of interest and recusals, we should be considering someone who ac-tually will work to protect investors. At his hearing, Mr. Clayton failed to provide clear answers to questions about how he would approach enforce-ment matters. He gave empty answers about punishing bad actors and indi-vidual accountability. Accounting fraud, selling toxic de-rivatives, and corporate foreign corrup-tion usually involve senior manage-ment and happen because the tone from the top allows it to happen. Mr. Clayton does not see it that way. He spent his career representing—excuse me—protecting Wall Street banks. That history guides his view on how SEC enforcement should work. According to Mr. Clayton, the SEC should proceed with caution, even be-fore opening an investigation. That is not his job. His job is to open inves-tigations when it looks like there is wrongdoing. He says it would have seri-ous adverse impacts on respondents. He has it totally backward. Not inves-tigating companies that may be com-mitting fraud or other abuses because it might create problems for them— how about the American public? How about the neighborhood I live in in Cleveland, OH, 44105? That ZIP Code had more foreclosures than any ZIP Code in the United States in 2007. That is partly because of a lack of enforce-ment at the SEC. I see it up close. I know what that means to our commu-nities. I know what it means to our country. Acting Chair Piwowar began under-mining the SEC’s enforcement division in his first month on the job. He re-versed steps taken by the two previous Chairs that empowered the SEC’s en-forcement staff to open and pursue in-vestigations. I am concerned about Dodd-Frank rules. If he is confirmed, he will have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MY6.010 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2667 May 2, 2017 
to answer for the unilateral rollback of final Wall Street reform rules that this acting SEC Chair, Mr. Piwowar, has al-ready undertaken. Wall Street reform rules requiring disclosure of CEO-to- worker pay ratios—all the kinds of things that this Congress overwhelm-ingly decided Congress should do and the SEC should do. For years, Congress has funded the SEC below the levels requested, despite more responsibilities and increasing marketplace complexity and sophis-tication. I am concerned about Mr. Clayton’s likely behavior in that re-gard also. Last, public service is important. It is valuable. It should not be viewed as a chance to push the favorite policies of big corporations. That is what we have seen too often in this town. This nominee, Mr. Clayton, who comes from Wall Street, who is part of Wall Street, we know from past experi-ence will protect Wall Street at the SEC—the wrong thing to do. From his background, his answers to the ques-tions in the committee’s hearing and questions for the record, I am not con-vinced that Mr. Clayton comes close to being the best person for the job. I will oppose his nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. 
AGRICULTURE  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, the past 8 years have been tough on Americans. Despite the fact that the recession offi-cially ended in June of 2009, the econ-omy never really rebounded. President Obama presided over the weakest eco-nomic recovery in 60 years. His Presi-dency was characterized by poor eco-nomic growth, a dearth of jobs and op-portunities, and almost nonexistent wage increases. In 2016, the economy grew at a dismal 1.6 percent, far below the level of growth displayed by a healthy econ-omy. Typically 3 to 3
1⁄2percent is the average, going back to World War II. The GDP report for the first quarter of this year underscored the need to im-plement the kind of pro-growth poli-cies that were lacking during the Obama years. Republicans in Congress and the White House have already acted to repeal a number of burden-some Obama regulations that were foisted onto the American people near the end of his Presidency. We plan to keep up our efforts. Getting rid of unnecessary regula-tions will go a long way toward freeing up businesses to grow and create jobs and put more money in Americans pockets. Of course, repealing burden-some regulations is just one of the things we need to get our economy healthy again. Fixing our broken Tax Code is another. As a member of the tax-writing Senate Finance Com-mittee, I will be introducing tax re-form legislation in the near future, tar-geted primarily for Main Street busi-nesses that pay taxes at the individual rate. I am looking forward to working on comprehensive tax reform with Chair-man HATCH and the rest of my col-leagues on the Finance Committee as we move forward this year. It is crit-ical that passthrough businesses, which are the main focus of my bill, are not left behind in this effort. Today, I want to talk about spurring growth in a specific sector of our econ-omy, one that is very important to my home state; that is, the agricultural sector. Like so many other Americans, farmers and ranchers in South Dakota and across the country have had a rough time of it over the past few years. Market prices for farm and ranch products have been on a steady decline since 2013, and net farm income has dropped substantially as a result of that. Worse, there is little expectation that prices will improve over the next few years, which means farmers’ and ranchers’ incomes are likely to con-tinue to decrease. Farmers are struggling to repay their debts. Between 2014 and 2016, the delin-quency rates on farm non-real estate loans more than doubled. Delin-quencies on farm real estate loans rose from $1.18 billion in 2014 to $1.66 billion in 2016. While these numbers are not all-time highs, the increases are dis-turbing and show no signs of reversing any time soon. Farming and ranching are not just careers in South Dakota; they are a way of life, one that connects commu-nities and families to the land and one generation to the next. Nearly 3,000 South Dakota farm families have been honored as operating century farms, meaning the same family has operated at least 80 acres of that farm for 100 years or more. But in today’s weak ag-ricultural economy, many families are afraid they will be the ones to lose the farm or ranch that has been in their family for generations. That would be a loss not just for them but for our coun-try. Few of us understand the sacrifices that go into this way of life. When we pick up a gallon of milk or a loaf of bread at the grocery store, we don’t think of the farmer who rose long be-fore the Sun and finished his day long after the Sun had set. Our country is made stronger by the hard work, fierce dedication, and unconquerable spirit of America’s farmers. We need to make a concerted effort to help farmers meet the challenges they are facing right now so that America can continue to help feed the world and Americans can continue to have access to the home-grown prod-ucts they depend upon. So how do we do that? One thing we can do that would immediately im-prove agricultural prices would be to quickly negotiate new bilateral trade agreements. Agriculture is heavily de-pendent upon trade, and in today’s eco-nomic climate, we cannot afford to have our agricultural exports re-stricted by inadequate trade policies. U.S. farmers have lost ground inter-nationally. Our current share of the global grain market is just 30 percent, down from 65 percent in the mid-1970s. We need to take steps to level the play-ing field for American farmers and ranchers so they can be more competi-tive internationally. I have encouraged the President to start by negotiating a bilateral trade agreement with Japan. Japan is one of our most important trading partners, but U.S. farmers too often face hefty tariffs on the products they sell in Japan. U.S. negotiators made important progress toward reduc-ing these barriers during the Trans-Pa-cific Partnership negotiations. We need to build on the work they did and negotiate a bilateral agree-ment with Japan as soon as possible. This would benefit a wide variety of American producers, including South Dakota beef producers who currently face a massive 38.5-percent tariff on the beef they sell in Japan. Trade agreements would help tre-mendously, but there is more we need to do to ensure the long-term sustain-ability of production agriculture in the United States. Every 5 years, Congress has the op-portunity to reset Federal farm policy when it passes the farm bill. The cur-rent farm bill expires in 2018, and it is not too early to start the drafting process for the next bill. I served on the Agriculture Com-mittee in the House and now serve on the Senate Agriculture Committee under the strong leadership of my friend from Kansas, Chairmanship P
AT R
OBERTS . I will be working on my fourth farm bill, and I take this respon-sibility very seriously. I spend a lot of time talking to farm-ers and ranchers while I am back home in South Dakota, and I have been de-veloping legislation based on the feed-back they give me about Federal pro-grams. I have already introduced two key proposals that I hope will be part of the final farm bill that we pass next year, and I will be introducing several more farm bill legislative proposals this year. All farmers are familiar with the Conservation Reserve Program, or CRP, which provides incentives for farmers to take environmentally sen-sitive land out of production for 10 to 15 years. But a lot of farmers have told me that they don’t want to retire por-tions of their land for a decade or more. To address this, I am proposing a new program that would reduce oper-ating costs by providing a modest rent-al payment and increasing crop insur-ance premium discounts. The program I am proposing, the Soil Health and Income Protection Pro-gram, would provide a new, short-term option for farmers that would allow them to take their worst performing cropland out of production for 3 to 5 years, instead of the 10 to 15 years re-quired by CRP rules. This program would result in improved soil health and reduced crop insurance costs, and it would provide beneficial areas for wildlife while also improving the bot-tom line for participating farms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MY6.011 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2668 May 2, 2017 
The other key proposal I have intro-duced would make a number of revi-sions and management improvements to the CRP program and other U.S. De-partment of Agriculture easement pro-grams. CRP plays a very significant role in South Dakota’s economy, as it pro-vides a major portion of the habitat for the Chinese ringneck pheasant, which brings more than $250 million each year to my State’s rural areas, towns, and cities. Unfortunately, farmers have spent years frustrated by some of the ways the Department of Agriculture has managed this program. We need to make sure that Federal farm programs don’t discourage farm-ers and ranchers from participating, es-pecially in times like these, when these programs are sorely needed to provide valuable safety net assistance and to help protect soil and water. My conservation program legislation addresses major concerns that farmers have with CRP and other USDA con-servation programs by allowing com-monsense use and management of land enrolled in these programs, which im-proves these programs for farmers and at the same time saves taxpayers’ money. My legislation also expands the CRP acreage cap by 25 percent and uses his-torical acreage averages to make sure CRP will be available in States that have used it and that need it the most. Above all, the acres enrolled in CRP and other easement programs must be effectively used and managed to maxi-mize their usefulness and effectiveness for land and water conservation and wildlife, and I will work to make that happen. In addition, both of my legislative proposals contain provisions to provide additional support to young, beginning, and socially disadvantaged farmers and ranchers, as well as to military vet-erans. We need to ensure that young and beginning farmers and ranchers and others have opportunities to suc-ceed, especially now, when even sea-soned farmers are struggling. Along with trade agreements and the farm bill, there are other things we can do to help farmers and ranchers and small businesses. This year, we plan to take up major reform of our broken, bloated Tax Code. Making sure that we consider the needs of farmers and ranchers during this debate will be one of my priorities. We can also help farmers and ranch-ers by removing burdensome govern-ment regulations that do little to help the environment but force farmers to spend untold hours and dollars on com-pliance. One example of this kind of burden-some regulation is the so-called waters of the United States rule, something with which every farmer and rancher is familiar. This EPA regulation improp-erly used the Clean Water Act to jus-tify expanding the EPA’s regulatory authority to waters like small wet-lands, creeks, stock ponds, and ditches. The rule specifically targeted the Prai-rie Pothole Region, which covers five States, including nearly all of eastern South Dakota. I am grateful that the President chose to protect farmers and ranchers by announcing a review of this rule in February of this year. We could further support American farmers by removing yet another un-necessary regulatory hurdle, and that is the Reid vapor pressure regulation, which restricts the sale of E15 fuel dur-ing the summer driving season. Providing a waiver for E15, as en-joyed by other fuels, is a bipartisan, no-cost way to roll back regulation and grant consumers real choice at the pumps, as well as to help our farmers. Our Nation and the world depend on American farmers and ranchers. We need to make sure they can sustain their operations and continue to effi-ciently feed America and the world. I look forward to continuing our work on tax, trade, regulatory, and farm bill policies that support farmers and ranchers in South Dakota and throughout our country. When agriculture does well, I would argue, our national economy does well. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
MONTANA AG SUMMIT  
Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I have some good news from Montana. A week ago yesterday, the U.S. Senate voted to confirm former Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue to be our next Secretary of Agriculture. When we met prior to his confirmation hearing, Secretary Perdue and I discussed Montana ag and the need to expand agricultural access to foreign markets. I know he will prioritize the ag industry during his time in office, and I am pleased to share that I will be hosting the Sec-retary in Montana for the Montana Ag Summit that is going to be held in Great Falls at the end of this month. Back in March, during the Sec-retary’s confirmation hearing, I ex-tended an invitation to join us in Mon-tana’s Golden Triangle as we discuss the issue of strengthening inter-national relationships for Montana’s agriculture. The Golden Triangle is where my great-great-grandmother homesteaded as she moved from Min-nesota—a Norwegian immigrant—to Montana. At the Ag Summit, we will showcase the technological advancements that are changing the way we produce crops and livestock, promote the next gen-eration of ag producers, and discuss the challenges ag producers face as a result of our Federal policies and regulations. The Montana Ag Summit will bring to-gether leaders from across the agricul-tural industry to hear from our key-note speakers, which include Secretary Perdue and my colleague and friend and the chairman of the U.S. Senate Ag Committee, Senator PATROBERTS  from Kansas. Nothing takes the place of hearing directly from Montanans and seeing our great State with your own eyes. I have been a strong advocate for Montana ag since coming to Wash-ington, DC, and it is a privilege to serve as Montana’s only representative on the U.S. Senate Ag Committee. Whenever I get the chance, I talk about Montana’s ag industry and advocate for regulation reform and for addi-tional opportunities for our ag pro-ducers to compete on a level playing field. Another critical issue for farmers and ranchers in Montana and around the Nation is opening up more market opportunities for the ag industry. In fact, earlier this past month, 38 of my colleagues and I wrote to President Trump asking him to prioritize reopen-ing China’s markets to U.S. beef in his discussions with Chinese President Xi Jinping. China is Montana’s third lead-ing trade partner after Canada and South Korea. It is important to remember that 95 percent of the world’s consumers live outside of the United States. While the Chinese ban on U.S. beef imports was lifted last fall, more needs to be done to actually see U.S. beef on the shelves of Chinese grocery stores. You see, China is the second largest beef import market in the world. I can say it was an honor to person-ally present some of Miles City’s fa-mous and finest beef to Chinese Pre-mier Li Keqiang from Fred Wacker’s ranch out of Miles City. I will get Mon-tana beef in China if I have to take it over myself. Montana’s No. 1 industry and eco-nomic driver is agriculture. With over 27,000 farms in the State, Montana ag is nearly $5 billion strong. By the way, Montana is now the leading pulse crop producer in the Nation. Last week, President Trump unveiled his tax reform plan, which, among many proposals, includes a full repeal of the death tax—a full, permanent re-peal of the death tax. This is a tax that directly impacts many Montana farm and ranch families. In fact, I heard a story from a Montana rancher a couple of weeks ago of his having the sudden, unexpected passing of his mother and his father. It is a multigenerational ranch operation in Montana that had a huge tax liability—in the millions of dollars—that it had to pay to the IRS because of the death tax. I have been calling for a repeal of the death tax since I first came to Wash-ington, DC—one of the most immoral taxes on the books—because I under-stand how these taxes can cause family farms and family ranches to break up and to be sold off. The bottom line is this. You cannot feed a nation without farmers and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MY6.013 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2669 May 2, 2017 
ranchers, and you cannot have oppor-tunity economies without actual op-portunities to meet the needs of not only our State, of not only our Nation but of the world. As the U.S. Congress and the Trump administration continue to work to-gether, I am excited to see that ag is a priority. I look forward to working with my colleagues in the U.S. Senate, as well as in the Trump administra-tion, to advance policies and solutions to the barriers that our Nation’s ag producers face, and I really look for-ward to the upcoming Montana Ag Summit in Great Falls later this month. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I rise today to speak in opposition to the confirmation of Jay Clayton as Chair of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Just 100 days into the Trump admin-istration, the truth is becoming crystal clear to the American people: There is no ‘‘America first’’ policy, and there certainly is no ‘‘middle class first’’ pol-icy. There is just one policy, and that is a ‘‘Wall Street first’’ policy. It is a policy designed to steer even more wealth and more power to those who are plenty wealthy and plenty power-ful, a policy built on the misguided view that our economy does better when banks do as they please, when CEOs receive runaway pay, and when bigger profits never translate into big-ger paychecks for workers. That is why we have seen no Executive orders de-signed to hold big banks accountable, no Executive orders designed to protect borrowers from abusive student loan companies, no Executive orders helping more workers save for retirement. In-stead, we see the administration roll-ing back protections for consumers and students and seniors, actively explor-ing how to put taxpayers back on the hook for Wall Street’s recklessness, and ordering oversight agencies to, quite simply, conduct less oversight. There is no greater example of the Trump administration’s ‘‘Wall Street first’’ policy than its decision to nomi-nate Jay Clayton as the Chair of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The SEC is our Federal Government’s cop on the Wall Street beat. And let’s remember why we have a Securities and Exchange Commission and why it needs to be the cop on the beat. In 1929, the stock market crashed, and our Na-tion was sent into a deep and dev-astating depression. That is why Presi-dent Franklin Roosevelt signed finan-cial reforms into law aimed at curbing rampant speculation and risky behav-ior on Wall Street, and the creation of the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion was one of those reforms. The SEC was designed to enact safe-guards and promote fairness in our markets, to protect investors and pros-ecute fraud, and to ensure that our businesses have access to capital so they can grow and create jobs. When we have a watchdog ensuring that ev-eryone plays by the rules, risk is more distributed, markets are more stable, and capital is more available. The American people know all too well what happens when we take our eyes off of Wall Street. Not even a dec-ade has passed since the worst finan-cial collapse in 80 years put taxpayers on the line for billions of dollars—bil-lions of dollars—in bailouts. In the years leading up to the crash, our regulators, including the SEC, turned a blind eye to excessive risk- taking and corporate misconduct. We needed a cop on the beat, but instead we had a regulator asleep at the switch. As a result, we suffered a crisis that cost 8.5 million Americans their jobs and 10 million Americans their homes—8.5 million Americans their jobs and 10 million Americans their homes—a crisis that destroyed $19 tril-lion in household wealth and left small businesses devastated nationwide, a crisis that sank local and State govern-ments into a sea of red ink. And, of course, it left us with the great reces-sion. It took us years to dig this econ-omy out of that ditch. Now, after all we have been through, is it really time to go easier on Wall Street? Since the financial crisis, the SEC has been instrumental in reshaping the rules of the road and holding corpora-tion wrongdoers accountable. Now, less than a decade since that devastating crisis, this administration wants to give the keys to the castle to one of Wall Street’s most loyal guardians. We need someone at the helm willing to root out bad behavior in our finan-cial sector, but Mr. Clayton is not that someone. He is no expert in enforcing the law. Indeed, Mr. Clayton has made a career out of fighting the SEC and other financial regulators on behalf of Wall Street’s biggest institutions. His resume is built around defending Wall Street’s most notorious offenders from ever being held accountable. Let me again remind my colleagues that the SEC was not created to be Wall Street’s support group in Wash-ington. Investors and the American public at large deserve an SEC Chair who will fight to hold firms account-able, who will prosecute misconduct and wrongdoing, and who will improve investor protections. Mr. Clayton has not met that burden. There are three reasons why I am concerned that an SEC led by Mr. Clay-ton would be an SEC that bends the rules for corporations and ignores the needs of hard-working Americans. First is Mr. Clayton’s singular focus on corporate bottom lines. When asked to lay out his vision for the agency, Mr. Clayton offered no path to pre-venting another financial crisis. He provided no commitment to strength-ening the agency’s enforcement abili-ties, and he callously overlooked inves-tor protections. Mr. Clayton failed to give an iota of support to anything other than boosting corporate bottom lines. He spoke exclusively about re-ducing compliance and registration costs for companies, and that is all fine, but not at the expense of critical investor protections and of healthy, stable, and fair markets for the econ-omy at large. Let’s remember why this is impor-tant. Without strong protections and disclosures, we will sacrifice investor confidence. And when we sacrifice in-vestor confidence, less capital will flow through our markets. When less capital flows through markets, businesses will struggle to grow and to innovate. In other words, a stable and fair financial sector is vital to our economy as a whole. My second concern involves Mr. Clay-ton’s potential conflicts of interest. Mr. Clayton has spent his entire career representing big players on Wall Street before, during, and after the crisis. His work has undoubtedly produced many conflicts of interest. As a result, Mr. Clayton will be forced to sit out of nu-merous important decisions integral to the role of the SEC Chair. This is a problem because the SEC currently has just two Commissioners. The absence of Mr. Clayton could very well under-mine the agency’s ability to prosecute wrongdoing on Wall Street. Finally, I was alarmed by Mr. Clay-ton’s refusal to answer any questions of substance during his confirmation hearing. When asked if he would implement congressionally mandated rules, like the provision I wrote into Dodd-Frank requiring corporations to disclose how much money CEOs make in comparison to their employees, Mr. Clayton gave no straight answer. When asked if he would fairly con-sider the 1.2 million comments—the greatest number of comments ever re-ceived on any SEC rulemaking process by the SEC—urging that companies disclose their political spending, Mr. Clayton gave no straight answer. Finally, when asked if he would re-store the subpoena power of the SEC attorneys so that they can initiate in-vestigations, Mr. Clayton showed his true colors. When it comes to enforce-ment at the SEC, he said we had to be ‘‘mindful that even the commencement of an investigation can have significant adverse impacts’’ on public companies. So instead of explaining his vision as SEC’s Chair and the SEC’s role as a cop on the beat, he said the agency should consider a company’s bottom line be-fore investigating potential wrong-doing. This, to me, is in essence what defines this nominee’s approach and this administration’s approach: Wall Street profits that prevail over Main Street protections, no matter the risks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MY6.015 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2670 May 2, 2017 
posed to the American people. It is pre-cisely this kind of thinking that made our system too vulnerable to a finan-cial crisis of epic proportions. Given Mr. Clayton’s inability and re-fusal to answer basic questions about important issues—like whether he would restore the authority of the Se-curities and Exchange Enforcement Di-vision or implement the CEO-to-work-er pay ratio rule mandated by Congress or require disclosure of corporate polit-ical spending—1.2 million citizen com-ments, the greatest in the history of the SEC—or ensure that retail inves-tors receive advice that is in their best interests—I can’t help but conclude that Mr. Clayton appears best suited to continue representing Wall Street rather than to working on behalf of the American people. The President’s nomination of Mr. Clayton is a bow to Wall Street and a cold shoulder to hard-working, middle- class families. I will not be voting for his confirmation. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. REED. Mr. President, I rise in opposition to the nomination of Jay Clayton to be Chairman of the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, SEC. Mr. Clayton has achieved great per-sonal success as a corporate attorney, where for years he represented some of our Nation’s largest financial institu-tions, such as Bear Stearns, Lehman Brothers, and Goldman Sachs. Personal success is not the same as being willing to safeguard the interests of all who participate in and rely on our capital markets, especially working-class Americans, as I believe a good SEC Chairman must. Based on Mr. Clay-ton’s testimony and his answers to my questions and those of my colleagues on the Banking Committee, I am un-able to support his confirmation. As more and more working-class Americans know, pensions are becom-ing rarer, and more American families, assuming they even have extra money to spare from their paychecks, must in-vest in securities to save for retire-ment or send their kids to college. The integrity and efficiency of our capital markets then are not only of great im-portance to the megabanks and tycoon investors, but also to working-class Americans. It is therefore in all of our interests to have strong and vigilant Federal fi-nancial regulators who can help ensure we avoid another financial crisis. While the megabanks have bounced back after staring into the abyss, the last fi-nancial crisis, which began in the Bush administration, had devastating con-sequences on working-class Americans, too many of whom lost their jobs, their nest eggs, and their homes. While the Dow Jones Industrial Average has re-covered, the impacts are still felt by too many in Rhode Island and through-out the country. While it is vitally important to help small businesses raise capital and grow their companies by actually creating jobs here in the United States, it is also equally essential that we have a strong cop on the beat that upholds and improves the integrity of our cap-ital markets. Initially, I was encouraged to read in Mr. Clayton’s testimony before the Senate Banking Committee that ‘‘there is zero room for bad actors in our capital markets’’ and that ‘‘I am 100 percent committed to rooting out any fraud and shady practices in our fi-nancial system.’’ During his confirmation hearing, I asked Mr. Clayton if he would support my bipartisan legislation with Senator G
RASSLEY that would deter fraud by in-creasing the statutory limits on civil monetary penalties. Our legislation re-sponds to former SEC Chair Mary Sha-piro’s statement that ‘‘the Commis-sion’s statutory authority to obtain civil monetary penalties with appro-priate deterrent effect is limited in many circumstances.’’ In his response to me, Mr. Clayton said, ‘‘I am very willing to take a look at the issue and work with you on it and give you my views after I’ve been better educated on it.’’ I accepted this response for the time being and wrote to Mr. Clayton after the hearing to ask for his thoughts on this matter now that he had time to study the issue. He responded: ‘‘As a general matter, I believe that the effective empower-ment and functioning of the SEC En-forcement Division are fundamental to the fair and efficient functioning of our markets and the protection of inves-tors. Under existing law, the Commis-sion has the authority to seek civil monetary penalties in a number of cir-cumstances. I would not want the Divi-sion or Commission to be unnecessarily or inappropriately constrained in pur-suing civil monetary penalties, which can serve an important deterrent effect in appropriate circumstances. If con-firmed as Chair, I will work with my fellow Commissioners and the Enforce-ment Division staff to enforce the law as it is written, including with respect to civil monetary penalties. I also would be willing to engage with Con-gress regarding any changes to the SEC’s statutory authority to seek monetary penalties that Congress deems appropriate.’’ I am glad Mr. Clayton agrees that penalties can serve as deterrents, and I appreciate the fact that Mr. Clayton would not want the SEC to be ‘‘unnec-essarily or inappropriately constrained in pursuing civil monetary penalties.’’ Indeed, what appears to be con-straining the SEC in part is exactly what former Chair Schapiro said, that penalty limits are not high enough to serve as effective deterrents. Given this, I do not understand Mr. Clayton’s hesitation in clearly supporting my bi-partisan legislation with Senator G
RASSLEY . This does not sound like a 100 percent commitment to ‘‘rooting out any fraud and shady practices in our financial system.’’ This is just one example, but based on a review of his record and his re-sponses to the committee’s questions, I am not confident Mr. Clayton will vig-orously work to protect all investors, in the same way as he throughout his career has defended the interests of his corporate and megabank clients, par-ticularly when those interests may come into conflict, as we know they will. In my opinion, there should be no question of an SEC chairman’s willing-ness to stand up and fight for working- class Americans and mom-and-pop in-vestors. Indeed, as Senator BROWN , the rank-ing member of the Senate Banking Committee, has stated himself, ‘‘it’s not the first time we’ve seen a nominee like Mr. Clayton. I was concerned about Mary Jo White’s conflicts and corporate law background. She was conflicted in dozens of high-profile cases, and then a month after stepping down as Chair, she returned to her old law firm. As a lawyer might say— that’s bad precedent.’’ What we need is a strong SEC Chair that will vigorously protect and defend the interests of all American investors. I hope he proves me wrong, but based on the record before me, I am not con-vinced Mr. Clayton is up to this task, and therefore, I cannot vote to confirm him. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I oppose the confirmation of Jay Clayton to be a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission. When the stock market crashed in 1929, public confidence in the markets plummeted as well. Investors large and small lost their life’s savings. Congress responded with laws to help rebuild public faith in the markets. Thus in the wake of the Great Depression, Con-gress created the Securities and Ex-change Commission to protect inves-tors and maintain fair, orderly, and ef-ficient markets. Congress designed the SEC to see that investors and the markets have reliable information and clear rules for honest dealing. The SEC’s job is to make sure that brokers, dealers, and exchanges put investors’ interests first. The SEC ensures that companies offer-ing securities for investment tell the public the truth about their businesses, the securities they are selling, and the risks involved. Congress took pains to create the SEC to have some distance from Wall Street. The law provides that no Com-missioner can engage in any business or employment other than serving as Commissioner. The law prohibits any Commissioner from participating in any stock transactions of a type that the Commission regulates. Mr. Clayton has extensive experience working in capital markets. He has represented a long list of financial firms. His numerous conflicts may make him captive to the industry that President Trump nominated him to po-lice. One of his better-known clients is Goldman Sachs. The Department of Justice found that Goldman Sachs falsely assured investors that sound 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MY6.016 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2671 May 2, 2017 
mortgages backed securities that Gold-man sold, when Goldman knew that these securities were full of mortgages that were likely to fail. During his confirmation hearing, I asked Mr. Clayton about Goldman Sachs’ $5 billion settlement with the Department of Justice. I asked Mr. Clayton if he felt that Goldman Sachs had been engaged in shady practices, but Mr. Clayton said only that he felt the case stood on its own. I cannot comprehend why Mr. Clayton demurred on this topic. We should all be able to agree that if a firm pays $5 billion in a settlement, it was engaged in shady practices, to say the least. Duriing Mr. Clayton’s confirmation hearing, he said that he is ‘‘100 percent committed to rooting out any fraud and shady practices in our financial system.’’ If he is confirmed, I hope he stands by that pledge. The SEC, investors, and the Amer-ican people need an independent voice. They need a politically independent voice, as well as a voice that can be independent enough to make tough en-forcement decisions about the financial firms it regulates. I have serious doubts that Mr. Clayton can be that voice; thus I oppose his nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. 
GOVERNMENT FUNDING LEGISLATION  
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise to talk about the short-term budget reso-lution we will be voting on within the next couple of days and a quote the President made this morning. The bipartisan agreement we are going to tackle on the floor to extend the Federal budget past the CR dead-line through the end of September is salutary. It is salutary because the two Houses worked together to find an agreement. I can see things in the agreement I like, and I can see things in the agree-ment I don’t like. That is the nature of budget agreements. My principal dis-appointment with the agreement is that we should have done it in Decem-ber. I will actually give credit to my Senate colleagues on both sides of the aisle. We were ready to do this deal in December. The Appropriations Com-mittees in both Houses had met. We were ready to do a deal that would then give everybody in government— but, more importantly, all of our citi-zens and all of our businesses—some certainty about what would happen be-tween that vote in December and the end of the fiscal year, September 30. The incoming administration, not yet in office, dispatched the Vice Presi-dent and others to the Hill and said: Don’t do a budget. Don’t do the omni-bus bill. We want to have the ability to work on it ourselves. I think this was against the better judgment of both sides in the Senate. A decision was made: We won’t do an om-nibus bill in December. We recessed on the 10th. We had plenty of time to get work done. Instead, we would do a CR through April 28. I think my colleagues were right to want to do it in December. Neverthe-less, we put everybody through the hoops of this: Is there going to be a shutdown, or what are we going to do? Now, apparently, we will have a deal. We will discuss it, and I hope we will vote in favor of it. We could have gotten the same deal in December. We would have given peo-ple more certainty. They could have adjusted. We could have not frightened people about a shutdown and done other productive work. Nevertheless, we have a deal which I plan to support. But I was very interested this morn-ing—very interested and, I will be blunt, very disturbed—with the Presi-dent’s words. At 8:07 this morning, he put out a tweet about the deal, about a bipartisan deal reached by two Repub-lican Houses, with Democrats in-cluded—as we ought to be, because we represent a lot of the American public. This is the quote: Either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51%. Our country needs a good ‘‘shutdown’’ in Sep-tember to fix mess! 
So what I want to talk about today is whether there is a good shutdown of the government of the United States— whether there is such a thing as a good shutdown. Is it right for the President of the United States to hope for a good shutdown of the government of the greatest Nation on Earth? I can’t imagine that a CEO—any CEO we would admire—would call for a shutdown of his own company. That is what President Trump now is. He is the Commander in Chief and the Chief Ex-ecutive of the government of the great-est Nation on Earth. He apparently be-lieves there could be a good shutdown of this government in September. I want to take us back to the fall of 2013. In the fall of 2013, the government was shut down for about 16 days in Oc-tober. It was my first year as a Sen-ator. That was bad. It was bad in Vir-ginia, a State with 170,000 Federal em-ployees, who didn’t know whether or not there would be work to do, when they would return to work, or whether they would be paid for those days. It was bad for veterans whose claims to get a disability benefit were already too backed up and who couldn’t get their calls and questions answered. It was bad for veterans whose requests for medical appointments were already too backed up and, in the uncertainty of a shutdown, they didn’t know when they would be resolved. It was in October, which is the high season of tourism in Virginia. It was bad for one of my smallest communities, Accomack County, on the Eastern Shore of Vir-ginia, which is adjacent to the Chin-coteague National Seashore. They count on October tourism as a huge part of their local economy, but when the Federal parks shut down, it was bad for their economy. It was bad for economies near Shenandoah National Park to have that park shut down in the heart of fall leaf season, which is the time they count on to help their small businesses succeed. It was bad for people on military bases, when DOD ci-vilians were being furloughed—civil-ians like nurses at hospitals, and childcare workers who provide childcare to military families on mili-tary bases. They didn’t know when they would be reopening. I see nothing good about a shutdown of the Govern-ment of the United States. In fact, it was the first Republican President in the address at Gettysburg who said: The question that we always have to grapple with is whether gov-ernment by, of, and for the people shall perish from the Earth. I think the an-swer to that question is that it should not perish from the Earth—not for a year, not for a month, not for a week, not for a day, not for an hour. There should not be a shutdown of the gov-ernment of the United States. There is no such thing as a good shutdown. So I just wanted to come to the floor today and be very, very blunt. On be-half of anybody in Virginia and in this country who is afraid of how a govern-ment shutdown could impact them or their communities; on behalf of troops, veterans, military families, and mem-bers of our Department of Defense who keep us safe every day; on behalf of veterans who fought for this country and who need the Federal Government to cut the backlog on disability claims or medical appointments at the VA; on behalf of every senior citizen or dis-abled person who has a case awaiting resolution by Social Security or Medi-care or CMS; on behalf of 170,000 Fed-eral employees living in Virginia and the people and communities they serve; on behalf of cities and counties around Virginia that rely on Federal support for infrastructure projects, economic development assistance, opioid preven-tion efforts, export promotion, and so many other critical programs; on be-half of Virginians struggling with dis-ease and illness who pray for lifesaving cures developed through federally fund-ed medical research; on behalf of our dynamic businesses and all of their workers, who need certainty from Washington in order to create jobs and expand the economy; on behalf of Vir-ginia students and families who rely on Head Start Programs or rely on feder-ally funded work study programs so they can work their way through col-lege; on behalf of all Virginians and all Americans who deserve to have clean water, breathable air, beautiful open space, safe food and drugs, violence- free communities, a functional immi-gration system, and protection from cyber threats; and on behalf of the rep-utation of this Nation and the values that we proudly claim as American val-ues, I will do anything and everything in my power as a U.S. Senator to stop any Trump shutdown, to stop any good shutdown of the government of the greatest Nation on this Earth, either now or during September or during the remainder of his term. I call on all of my colleagues to take a similar pledge. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY6.007 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2672 May 2, 2017 
I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SPACE WEATHER RESEARCH AND FORECASTING ACT Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise today to ask for Senate approval of leg-islation that I sponsored, along with my friend and colleague from across the aisle, Senator C
ORY GARDNER of Colorado. Earlier this year, we introduced the Space Weather Research and Fore-casting Act with Senators Booker, Wicker, and Klobuchar, and it went on to pass unanimously by the full Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation in January. Space weather, which includes solar flares and coronal mass ejections caused by the constantly changing con-ditions in the Sun’s magnetic fields, regularly hurls ionized gas toward the Earth. This can potentially devastate our infrastructure and significantly disrupt our economy. The chances of Earth being hit by a severe space weather event are roughly the same as a magnitude 8 earthquake striking the United States, but the impact to our way of life would be absolutely cata-strophic. According to NASA, Earth was nar-rowly missed by a large space weather event in 2012, which could have re-sulted in a worst-case scenario impact to Earth. A report by Lloyd’s of Lon-don estimates that a worst-case sce-nario space weather event could cost up to $2.6 trillion and impact as many as 40 million people by causing outages at electric utilities, disrupting GPS communication networks, and forcing airlines to reroute air traffic. The potential disruption to these critical sectors of our economy makes space weather a threat we must under-stand better. Scientists across the globe, including in my home State of Michigan, are working to improve our understanding of space weather and how outputs from the Sun interact with the Earth’s magnetic field and at-mosphere. For years, NASA, NOAA, the National Science Foundation, and the Department of Defense have funded this critical research. The work of scientists and engineers at these agencies and universities across the country will help us better predict solar events and improve our ability to protect the infrastructure of the United States. But as we increas-ingly realize the magnitude of this threat, we need national leadership to focus our resources, coordinate plan-ning, and prepare for space weather events. This bipartisan legislation sets na-tional priorities to increase and im-prove space weather observations, science, and forecasting abilities. This research will improve our efforts to predict and to mitigate the effects of space weather events on Earth and in space. Space weather is not science fiction. If we don’t prepare ourselves, the im-pact could be catastrophic. But by learning to make better predictions, issue more effective warnings, and take precautions for when that inevitable day comes to pass, we can prevent space weather from wreaking costly havoc or disrupting our daily lives. It is imperative that we invest in science and technologies to better un-derstand space weather. It is impera-tive that we act on that knowledge and understanding to protect our critical infrastructure. It is, therefore, impera-tive that we move quickly to sign into law the Space Weather Research and Forecasting Act. As in legislative session, I ask unani-mous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of Cal-endar No. 29, S. 141. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 141) to improve understanding and forecasting of space weather events, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Space Weather Research and Forecasting Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SPACE WEATHER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle VI of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding after chapter 605 the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 607—SPACE WEATHER ‘‘60701. Space weather. ‘‘60702. Observations and forecasting. ‘‘60703. Research and technology. ‘‘60704. Space weather data. ‘‘§ 60701. Space weather ‘‘(a) F
INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: ‘‘(1) Space weather events pose a significant threat to humans working in the space environ-ment and to modern technological systems. ‘‘(2) The effects of severe space weather events on the electric power grid, satellites and satellite communications and information, airline oper-ations, astronauts living and working in space, and space-based position, navigation, and tim-ing systems could have significant societal, eco-nomic, national security, and health impacts. ‘‘(3) Earth and space observations provide crucial data necessary to predict and warn about space weather events. ‘‘(4) Clear roles and accountability of Federal departments and agencies are critical for an ef-ficient and effective response to threats posed by space weather. ‘‘(5) In October 2015, the National Science and Technology Council published a National Space Weather Strategy and a National Space Weath-er Action Plan seeking to integrate national space weather efforts and add new capabilities to meet increasing demand for space weather in-formation. ‘‘(b) F
EDERAL AGENCY ROLES.— ‘‘(1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that— ‘‘(A) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration provides operational space weather forecasting and monitoring for civil ap-plications, maintains ground and space-based assets to provide observations needed for fore-casting, prediction, and warnings, and develops requirements for space weather forecasting tech-nologies and science; ‘‘(B) the Department of Defense provides oper-ational space weather forecasting, monitoring, and research for the department’s unique mis-sions and applications; ‘‘(C) the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration provides increased understanding of the fundamental physics of the Sun-Earth system through space-based observations and modeling, develops new space-based tech-nologies and missions, and monitors space weather for NASA’s space missions; ‘‘(D) the National Science Foundation pro-vides increased understanding of the Sun-Earth system through ground-based measurements, technologies, and modeling; ‘‘(E) the Department of the Interior collects, distributes, and archives operational ground- based magnetometer data in the United States and its territories, and works with the inter-national community to improve global geo-physical monitoring and develops crustal con-ductivity models to assess and mitigate risk from space weather induced electric ground currents; and ‘‘(F) the Federal Aviation Administration pro-vides operational requirements for space weath-er services in support of aviation and for coordi-nation of these requirements with the Inter-national Civil Aviation Organization, integrates space weather data and products into the Next Generation Air Transportation System, and con-ducts real-time monitoring of the charged par-ticle radiation environment to protect the health and safety of crew and passengers during space weather events. ‘‘(2) OFFICE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY POL -
ICY.—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall— ‘‘(A) coordinate the development and imple-mentation of Federal Government activities to improve the Nation’s ability to prepare, avoid, mitigate, respond to, and recover from poten-tially devastating impacts of space weather events; and ‘‘(B) coordinate the activities of the space weather interagency working group established under subsection (c). ‘‘(c) S
PACE WEATHER INTERAGENCY WORKING  G
ROUP .—In order to continue coordination of executive branch efforts to understand, prepare, coordinate, and plan for space weather, the Na-tional Science and Technology Council shall es-tablish an interagency working group on space weather. ‘‘(d) M
EMBERSHIP .—In order to understand and respond to the adverse effects of space weather, the interagency working group estab-lished under subsection (c) shall leverage capa-bilities across participating Federal agencies, in-cluding— ‘‘(1) the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; ‘‘(2) the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration; ‘‘(3) the National Science Foundation; ‘‘(4) the Department of Defense; ‘‘(5) the Department of the Interior; ‘‘(6) the Department of Homeland Security; ‘‘(7) the Department of Energy; ‘‘(8) the Department of Transportation, in-cluding the Federal Aviation Administration; and ‘‘(9) the Department of State. ‘‘(e) I
NTERAGENCY AGREEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the interagency collaboration be-tween the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration and the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration on terrestrial weather observations provides— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\G02MY6.018 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2673 May 2, 2017 
‘‘(A) an effective mechanism for improving weather and climate data collection while avoiding unnecessary duplication of capabilities across Federal agencies; and ‘‘(B) an agency collaboration model that could benefit space weather observations. ‘‘(2) I
NTERAGENCY AGREEMENTS .—The Admin-istrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion shall enter into one or more interagency agreements providing for cooperation and col-laboration in the development of space weather spacecraft, instruments, and technologies in ac-cordance with this chapter. ‘‘§ 60702. Observations and forecasting ‘‘(a) P
OLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to establish and sustain a baseline capa-bility for space weather observations. ‘‘(b) I
NTEGRATED STRATEGY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, in coordina-tion with the Administrator of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, the Ad-ministrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, the Director of the Na-tional Science Foundation, and the Secretary of Defense, and in consultation with the academic and commercial communities, shall develop an integrated strategy for solar and solar wind ob-servations beyond the lifetime of current assets, that considers— ‘‘(A) the provision of solar wind measurements and other measurements essential to space weather forecasting; and ‘‘(B) the provision of solar and space weather measurements important for scientific purposes. ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the strategy under paragraph (1), the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall consider small satellite options, hosted payloads, commercial options, international op-tions, and prize authority. ‘‘(c) C
RITICAL OBSERVATIONS .—In order to sustain current space-based observational capa-bilities, the Administrator of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration shall— ‘‘(1) in cooperation with the European Space Agency, maintain operations of the Solar and Heliospheric Observatory/Large Angle and Spec-trometric Coronagraph (referred to in this sec-tion as ‘SOHO/LASCO’) for as long as the sat-ellite continues to deliver quality observations; and ‘‘(2) prioritize the reception of LASCO data. ‘‘(d) A
DDITIONAL CAPABILITY FOR SOLAR IM-
AGING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion shall secure reliable secondary capability for near real-time coronal mass ejection im-agery. ‘‘(2) O
PTIONS .—The Administrator of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense and the Administrator of the National Aero-nautics and Space Administration, shall develop options to build and deploy one or more instru-ments for near real-time coronal mass ejection imagery. ‘‘(3) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In developing options under paragraph (2), the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion shall consider commercial solutions, prize authority, academic and international partner-ships, microsatellites, ground-based instruments, and opportunities to deploy the instrument or instruments as a secondary payload on an up-coming planned launch. ‘‘(4) C
OSTS.—In implementing paragraph (1), the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall prioritize a cost-effective solution. ‘‘(5) O
PERATIONAL PLANNING .—The Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall develop an operational contingency plan to provide continuous space weather forecasting in the event of a SOHO/ LASCO failure. ‘‘(6) BRIEFING .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the Space Weather Re-search and Forecasting Act, the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration shall provide a briefing to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives on the options for building and deploying the instrument or instruments de-scribed in paragraph (2) and the operational contingency plan developed under paragraph (5). ‘‘(e) F
OLLOW -ONSPACE-BASED OBSERVA -
TIONS .—The Administrator of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, in coordi-nation with the Secretary of Defense, shall de-velop requirements and a plan for follow-on space-based observations for operational pur-poses, in accordance with the integrated strat-egy developed under subsection (b). ‘‘(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Space Weather Re-search and Forecasting Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on the inte-grated strategy under subsection (b), including the plans for follow-on space-based observations under subsection (e). ‘‘(g) G
ROUND -BASED OBSERVATIONS .—The Na- tional Science Foundation, the Air Force, and where practicable in support of the Air Force, the Navy shall each— ‘‘(1) maintain and improve, as necessary and advisable, ground-based observations of the Sun in order to help meet the priorities identified in section 60703(a); and ‘‘(2) provide space weather data by means of its set of ground-based facilities, including ra-dars, lidars, magnetometers, radio receivers, au-rora and airglow imagers, spectrometers, interferometers, and solar observatories. ‘‘(h) G
ROUND -BASED OBSERVATIONS DATA.— The National Science Foundation shall— ‘‘(1) provide key data streams from the plat-forms described in subsection (g) for research and to support space weather model develop-ment; ‘‘(2) develop experimental models for scientific purposes; and ‘‘(3) support the transition of the experimental models to operations where appropriate. ‘‘§ 60703. Research and technology ‘‘(a) U
SERNEEDS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, the Secretary of the Air Force, and where practicable in support of the Air Force, the Sec-retary of the Navy, in conjunction with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall conduct a comprehensive survey to identify and prioritize the needs of space weather forecast users, including space weather data and space weather forecast data needed to improve services and inform research priorities and technology needs. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—In conducting the com-prehensive survey under paragraph (1), the Ad-ministrator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, the Secretary of the Air Force, and where practicable in support of the Air Force, the Secretary of the Navy, at a min-imum, shall— ‘‘(A) consider the goals for forecast lead time, accuracy, coverage, timeliness, data rate, and data quality for space weather observations; ‘‘(B) identify opportunities to address the needs identified under paragraph (1) through collaborations with academia, the private sector, and the international community; ‘‘(C) identify opportunities for new tech-nologies and instrumentation to address the needs identified under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(D) publish a report on the findings under subparagraphs (A) through (C). ‘‘(3) PUBLICATION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Space Weath-er Research and Forecasting Act, the Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the Secretary of the Air Force, and where practicable in support of the Air Force, the Secretary of the Navy, shall— ‘‘(A) make the results of the comprehensive survey publicly available; and ‘‘(B) notify the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology of the House of Representatives of the publication under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(b) R
ESEARCH ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(1) B
ASIC RESEARCH .—The Director of the National Science Foundation, Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration, and Secretary of Defense shall continue to carry out basic research activities on heliophysics, geospace science, and space weather and support competitive, merit-based, peer-reviewed proposals for research, modeling, and monitoring of space weather and its im-pacts, including science goals outlined in Solar and Space Physics Decadal surveys conducted by the National Academy of Sciences. ‘‘(2) M
ULTIDISCIPLINARY RESEARCH .— ‘‘(A) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that the mul-tidisciplinary nature of solar and space physics creates funding challenges that require coordi-nation across scientific disciplines and Federal agencies. ‘‘(B) M
ULTIDISCIPLINARY RESEARCH .—The Di- rector of the National Science Foundation, the Administrator of the National Oceanic and At-mospheric Administration, and the Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall pursue multidisciplinary research in subjects that further our under-standing of solar physics, space physics, and space weather. ‘‘(C) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and Di-rector of the National Science Foundation should support competitively awarded Heliophysics Science Centers. ‘‘(c) S
CIENCE MISSIONS .—The Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration shall seek to implement missions that meet the science objectives identified in Solar and Space Physics Decadal surveys conducted by the National Academy of Sciences. ‘‘(d) R
ESEARCH TO OPERATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, the Director of the National Science Foun-dation, the Administrator of the National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, the Sec-retary of the Air Force, and where practicable in support of the Air Force, the Secretary of the Navy, shall— ‘‘(A) develop a formal mechanism to transition National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion, National Science Foundation, Air Force, and Navy research findings, models, and capa-bilities, as appropriate, to National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and Department of Defense space weather operational forecasting centers; and ‘‘(B) enhance coordination between research modeling centers and forecasting centers. ‘‘(2) O
PERATIONAL NEEDS .—The Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Ad-ministration and the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Administrator of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Director of the National Science Foun-dation, shall develop a formal mechanism to communicate the operational needs of space weather forecasters to the research community. ‘‘(e) T
ECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .— ‘‘(1) F
INDINGS .—Congress finds that observa-tions and measurements closer to the Sun and advanced instrumentation would provide for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A02MY6.006 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2674 May 2, 2017 
more advanced warning of space weather dis-turbances (as defined in section 3 of the Space Weather Research and Forecasting Act). ‘‘(2) T
ECHNOLOGY AND INSTRUMENTATION DE -
VELOPMENT .—The Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Director of the National Science Foundation shall support the development of technologies and instrumentation to improve space weather forecasting lead-time and accuracy to meet the needs identified by the Administrator of the Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. ‘‘§ 60704. Space weather data ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Director of the National Science Foun-dation shall— ‘‘(1) make space weather related data ob-tained for scientific research purposes available to space weather forecasters and operations cen-ters; and ‘‘(2) support model development and model ap-plications to space weather forecasting. ‘‘(b) R
ESEARCH .—The Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion shall make space weather related data ob-tained from operational forecasting available for scientific research.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) R
EPEAL OF SECTION 809 .—Section 809 of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration Authorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 18388) and the item relating to that section in the table of contents under section 1(b) of that Act (124 Stat. 2806) are repealed. (2) T
ABLE OF CHAPTERS .—The table of chap-ters of title 51, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to chapter 605 the following: ‘‘607. Space weather ............................ 60701’’. 
SEC. 3. SPACE WEATHER METRICS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) S
PACE WEATHER DISTURBANCE .—The term ‘‘space weather disturbance’’ includes geo-elec-tric fields, ionizing radiation, ionospheric dis-turbances, solar radio bursts, and upper atmos-pheric expansion. (2) S
PACE WEATHER BENCHMARK .—The term ‘‘space weather benchmark’’ means the physical characteristics and conditions describing the na-ture, frequency, and intensity of space weather disturbances. (b) B
ENCHMARKS .— (1) P
RELIMINARY .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Space Weather Interagency Working Group, es-tablished under section 60701 of title 51, United States Code, in consultation with academic and commercial experts, shall— (A) assess existing data, the historical record, models, and peer-reviewed studies on space weather; and (B) develop preliminary benchmarks, based on current scientific understanding and the histor-ical record, for measuring solar disturbances. (2) F
INAL.—Not later than 18 months after the date the preliminary benchmarks are developed under paragraph (1), the Space Weather Inter-agency Working Group shall publish final benchmarks. (3) R
EVIEW .—The Administrator of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration shall contract with the National Academy of Sciences to review the benchmarks established under paragraph (2). (4) R
EVISIONS .—The Space Weather Inter-agency Working Group shall update and revise the final benchmarks under paragraph (2), as necessary, based on— (A) the results of the review under paragraph (3); (B) any significant new data or advances in scientific understanding that become available; or (C) the evolving needs of entities impacted by solar disturbances. SEC. 4. PROTECTION OF CRITICAL INFRASTRUC-TURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, in consultation with the heads of other rel-evant Federal agencies, shall provide informa-tion about space weather hazards to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security for purposes of this section. (b) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with sec-tor-specific agencies, the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, and the heads of other relevant agencies, shall— (1) include, in meeting national critical infra-structure reporting requirements, an assessment of the vulnerability of critical infrastructure to space weather events, as described by the space weather benchmarks under section 3; and (2) support critical infrastructure providers in managing the risks and impacts associated with space weather. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON NEWREGULATORY AU-
THORITY .—Nothing in subsection (b) may be construed to grant the Secretary of Homeland Security any authority to promulgate regula-tions that was not in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act. (d) D
EFINITION OF SECTOR -SPECIFIC AGENCY .— In this section, the term ‘‘sector-specific agen-cy’’ has the meaning given the term in Presi-dential Policy Directive–21 of February 12, 2013 (Critical Infrastructure Security and Resil-ience), or any successor. 
SEC. 5. PROTECTION OF NATIONAL SECURITY AS-SETS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The National Security Council, in consultation with the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of other relevant Fed-eral agencies, shall— (1) assess the vulnerability of the national se-curity community to space weather events, as described by the space weather benchmarks under section 3; and (2) develop national security mechanisms to protection national security assets from space weather threats. (b) C
OOPERATION .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall provide information about space weather hazards to the National Se-curity Council, Director of National Intel-ligence, and heads of Defense Agencies for pur-poses of this section. 
SEC. 6. ENSURING THE SAFETY OF CIVIL AVIA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, in consulta-tion with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall— (1) assess the safety implications and vulner-ability of the national airspace system by space weather events, as described by the space weather benchmarks under section 3; (2) assess methods to mitigate the safety impli-cations and effects of space weather on aviation communication systems, aircraft navigation sys-tems, satellite and ground-based navigation sys-tems, and potential health effects of radiation exposure; and (3) assess options for incorporating space weather into operational training for pilots, cabin crew, dispatchers, air traffic controllers, meteorologists, and engineers. (b) S
PACE WEATHER COMMUNICATION .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Adminis-tration, in consultation with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall develop methods to increase the interaction between the aviation community and the space weather research and service provider community. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 141), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. STRANGE ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued 
NATIONAL CHARTER SCHOOLS WEEK  
Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, I am here today to celebrate the 18th Annual National Charter Schools Week and thank the students, parents, and teachers from charter schools across the United States for their ongoing contributions to education. Senator B
ENNET of Colorado and I introduced a resolution marking this event, which the Senate approved yesterday. Let me tell you my favorite story about charter schools. It was 24 years ago, 1992. I was in my last month as U.S. Secretary of Education, and as my last official act, I wrote a letter to every school superintendent in the country asking them to consider repli-cating the early success of the State of Minnesota in creating charter schools. There were about a dozen of them then, and they were created by the Demo-cratic-Farmer-Labor Party of Min-nesota. That was consistent with what President George H.W. Bush and I had been encouraging, which was what we called start-from-scratch schools— schools that gave teachers more free-dom and parents more choices. We thought that could improve education in the country and might lead to what we call new American schools. The first charter schools were cre-ated in the State of Minnesota nearly a quarter of a century ago, led by the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party, and there were about a dozen of them. Since then, there has been broad bipar-tisan, mainstream support for charter schools. Let’s remember that charter schools are public schools. They are simply public schools which are freer from government rules, Federal rules, State rules, and union rules and which give teachers more freedom to teach the children who are presented to them and parents more freedom to choose those public schools. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY6.006 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2675 May 2, 2017 
Some of those who supported the cre-ation of charter schools include Albert Shanker, the late head of the American Federation of Teachers. In 1997, Presi-dent Clinton said: We need 3,000 charter schools by the year 2002. George W. Bush, in the No Child Left Behind leg-islation, supported charter schools. President Obama was a strong sup-porter of charter schools while he was in office. His first U.S. Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan, called him-self a ‘‘strong supporter’’ of charter schools. President Obama’s second U.S. Education Secretary, John King, founded a charter school and ran a sys-tem of charter schools. Secretary Betsy DeVos, the current Secretary of Education, has spent most of her life as a strong supporter of charter schools. In 1994, 1998, 2001, and 2015, the U.S. Congress supported charter schools by large margins and in a bipartisan man-ner. Over 44 States and the District of Columbia have created an environment through their laws for charter schools. In 30 years, public charter schools have grown from a dozen in Minnesota to more than 6,900 today. Today, char-ter schools are serving over 3.1 million students. Over 6 percent of all public school students in America today now attend charter schools, and another 1 million students are on waiting lists for charter schools. This past year saw an estimated enrollment increase of over 200,000 students, representing a 7- percent growth in just one school year. Over half of the students served by these institutions are eligible for free or reduced-priced lunches, over half are students of color, and 17 percent are limited English proficient—all higher percentages than those served in tradi-tional public schools. As I said earlier, charter schools are about freedom for teachers, choices for parents, and more and better opportu-nities for students. Charter schools en-able people. They enable parents to help their children get a real oppor-tunity by choosing better schools or at least schools that fit them better and help them succeed. They enable stu-dents to learn and succeed. They en-able teachers to succeed by giving them the freedom to use their first-hand knowledge. They enable adminis-trators to succeed by ending bureau-cratic mandates and giving them a chance to use their own good judg-ment. In amending the No Child Left Be-hind Act, which we called the Every Student Succeeds Act, we made a num-ber of changes to strengthen and ex-pand the Federal Charter Schools Pro-gram, which since 1994 has given grants to States to start new charter schools. ESSA, as we call it, made improve-ments to that program to ensure that those funds are used as effectively as possible to increase the number of high-quality charter schools. Specifi-cally, ESSA invests more Federal funds in the replication and expansion of high-quality charter schools with a proven record of success, while still giving States the flexibility to invest in innovative new methods. ESSA con-tinues Federal support for nonprofit or-ganizations which help charter schools find suitable facilities, while also en-couraging States to assist charter schools in this task. Now these hard-working and creative educators who are seeking to open charter schools have greater flexibility in how they use Federal startup funds—for example, by allowing them to use the funds for transportation or facilities improvement, if that is what they decide is the best use of those funds for their children and their com-munity. Finally, the Every Student Succeeds Act encourages States to provide char-ter schools with the support they need to be successful and to hold them ac-countable when they fail to dem-onstrate positive results. Charter schools are public schools stripped of many Federal, State, and union rules and constraints that are placed on traditional public schools. The money the State would ordinarily spend on the district school follows each child to the charter school in-stead. Across Tennessee, more than 30,000 students now have that same oppor-tunity to attend one of 107 charter schools, and they are thriving as a re-sult. A recent study by Stanford Uni-versity found that on average, Ten-nessee students attending charter schools gained the equivalent of 86 ad-ditional days of instruction in reading and 72 additional days of instruction in math each year than did students at-tending traditional district schools. In other words, they make almost a year and a half’s worth of progress in a sin-gle school year. More than 80 percent of students at-tending charter schools in Tennessee are low income, and more than 94 per-cent are African American or Hispanic. In other words, charter schools in Ten-nessee are making a difference for those students who have traditionally been least well-served by our Nation’s public schools. That is a worthy event to celebrate in this 18th annual Na-tional Charter Schools Week, to cele-brate how charter schools have grown from a dozen start-from-scratch schools in the State of Minnesota 25 years ago to more than 6,900 today. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SCHATZ. Mr. President, Scott Pruitt, Mike Flynn, Betsy DeVos— there is a pattern here. This adminis-tration keeps choosing people who seem like the wrong fit to run their agency, and now we are about to add Jay Clayton to the list. He is different in a lot of ways. I met with him. He is a good person. He is a sensible person desiring to be a public servant, and he is a very smart lawyer. But he is not the right candidate to lead the SEC because it is on the frontlines of making sure that Wall Street follows the rules. And that is the No. 1 issue here because Mr. Clay-ton has too many ties to the industry that he would be in charge of over-seeing. Wall Street is full of his friends and business contacts, and there is nothing wrong with that, generally. We need lawyers in the securities industry. We need honorable people who help compa-nies to do an IPO, but that doesn’t mean that individual is appropriate to be in charge of the SEC and in charge of reining in Wall Street. That causes the problem. I do not question Mr. Clayton’s integ-rity. I have no doubt that he is a good person. But how can we say that the best person to hold Wall Street in check is someone with strong ties to the big banks, someone who has built his career there, who very well may go back to his old law firm in a few years? I talked with Mr. Clayton at his con-firmation hearing about whether he would go back to Wall Street after his time at the SEC ended, and he said he couldn’t rule it out. That is just one of several concerns that I have. If we look at Mr. Clayton’s statements about the SEC, it is clear that he is not the right person to be the cop on the Wall Street beat. He has talked about ‘‘monitoring’’ the financial sector; that is the word he used—‘‘monitoring.’’ But the United States does not need someone to ‘‘mon-itor’’ Wall Street. We need someone who will aggressively enforce the rules, to make sure we don’t have a repeat of 2008, when the big banks made so many bad and reckless decisions that our economy failed. We have a very short memory in Washington about what happened to our country less than 10 years ago, but the rest of the country remembers. There are far too many communities still working to recover from the great recession. Now is not the time to walk back the small steps toward progress we have made in protecting the economy from bad actors on Wall Street. But I am afraid this is what could happen under this administration, including if Mr. Clayton should be confirmed. In his confirmation hearing, he said he wants to lighten the penalties com-panies face when they get into trouble with the SEC, and that is not some-thing I can support. We cannot expect big banks and investment firms to play by the rules when they know they can pay a small fine and keep behaving badly as a cost of doing business. Regu-lation and enforcement has a cost, but that cost is meant to put the burden on the actors who are causing the problem 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MY6.023 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2676 May 2, 2017 
instead of allowing the burden to fall on the rest of us—to fall on American families. The cost is there, one way or the other. The question is, Who should pay it? Even if the Senate disagrees on en-forcement and regulation, I hope we can agree that conflicts of interest have gone too far. This administration has diminished the meaning of public service in the context of conflicts of in-terest. Instead of looking out for con-flicts of interest, it has leaned into them. Instead of protecting the coun-try from corruption, it is putting our country in real danger. And at some point, it is up to the Senate to be a Senate—to do something. We have to decide where to draw the line. How long do we let this go on? I am a ‘‘no’’ on Mr. Clayton’s nomi-nation. I urge all Senators who care about ending conflicts of interest and putting a tough cop on the Wall Street beat to join me and vote no on this nomination. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Idaho. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I rise today in support of Mr. Jay Clayton, who has been nominated to serve on the U.S. Securities and Exchange Com-mission. On January 4, 2017, then President- elect Trump announced his intention to nominate Jay Clayton to be the next chairman of the SEC. He noted that ‘‘Jay Clayton is a highly talented ex-pert on many aspects of financial and regulatory law, and he will ensure our financial institutions can thrive and create jobs while playing by the rules.’’ This sentiment was proven by Mr. Clayton’s testimony and interactions during his nomination hearing. In fact, he passed out of the Banking Com-mittee by a vote of 15-to-8, with bipar-tisan support. Mr. Clayton is a highly regarded and exceptionally qualified candidate. As a partner at a prominent law firm, he built a reputation as a highly skilled financial markets expert, representing clients of all types and sizes, both do-mestically and internationally. He has also invested in a younger generation of lawyers, passing on his knowledge as an adjunct professor at the University of Pennsylvania. Throughout the nomination process, Mr. Clayton has proved his dedication to unbiased and fair conduct. Mr. Clayton’s comments, experience, and actions provide me with confidence that he will lead the SEC with the highest integrity and effectiveness. The SEC has an important three-part mission: to protect investors, maintain fair, orderly, and efficient markets, and to facilitate capital formation. At his nomination hearing, Mr. Clayton echoed the importance of the SEC’s mission and how the SEC can do more to ensure that our markets remain the envy of the world. Although the United States capital markets remain the most robust in the world, they have been challenged by competition from abroad. During his hearing, Mr. Clayton observed that our capital markets have become less at-tractive to businesses than they ever have been before. Capital markets drive innovation and job creation, and access to them is the lifeblood of our economy. The JOBS Act helped revitalize pri-mary markets, and both Congress and the SEC should continue to find ways to help companies go public and allow investors to share in their successes. Mr. Clayton pledged to do just that. He committed to working with his fellow Commissioners, with SEC staff, with Congress, and with the President to support and defend our capital mar-kets. Mr. Clayton also repeatedly com-mitted at his nomination hearing that he would protect investors. He stated that he is ‘‘100 percent committed to rooting out any fraud and shady prac-tices in our financial system.’’ During the Banking Committee’s hearings on Mr. Clayton, some raised the concern that he previously rep-resented many firms on Wall Street and that he would continue to look out for their best interests. He appro-priately responded by pledging to the American people that he will show no favoritism to anyone and maintain a high degree of transparency. Given Mr. Clayton’s strong qualifica-tions and his pledge to work to im-prove capital formation and uphold in-vestor protections, I urge my col-leagues to support his nomination. Congress and the SEC, led by Mr. Clay-ton and the American people, can en-sure that the U.S. financial system and markets remain the preferred destina-tion for investors throughout the world. I urge all of my colleagues to vote yes on the nomination of Mr. Jay Clayton. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for up to 5 minutes and delay the vote until 5:25 p.m., until the completion of my re-marks. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I appre-ciate the Presiding Officer’s forbear-ance and also the cooperation always of the chairman of the Banking Com-mittee, Senator C
RAPO . We had a good hearing today on reinsurance and on European Union issues on insurance regulation. I appreciated the work we were able to do there and the work we are doing on Russian sanctions, which is increasingly important, as we see, as the clear links between Russia and the American elections are becoming clear-er. The links are becoming clearer and clearer to Senators in both parties. I rise in opposition to the nomination of Jay Clayton to the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have seen this movie before, where we nominate someone to chair the Securities and Exchange Commission who starts off almost handcuffed with their hands be-hind their back because he has—as did his predecessor—far too many conflicts of interest, far too many demands for recusal, far too many cases he has worked on. We hear of a President who talks about draining the swamp, who wants regulators and people in Washington who don’t have conflicts of interest and who can look at this in a fairminded, clear-eyed way. Instead, we see a White House that is full of Goldman Sachs former officials. In fact, the White House on some days looks like a re-treat of Goldman Sachs executives. That is a long way from clearing the swamp. What we are seeing in the case of Mr. Clayton—and we had a good meeting with him, and I thought his testimony was pretty good—is that he is smart, he is educated, he knows these issues well, but he is going to have to recuse himself because of conflicts with UBS, Deutsche Bank, and Goldman Sachs. He has worked on so many of these cases as a Wall Street lawyer for so many years that at this Securities and Exchange Commission—where the President still hasn’t appointed a Dem-ocrat, which really he is supposed to do but hasn’t seemed to have gotten around to it—that we are going to see all kinds of opportunities for mischief, we are going to see all kinds of delays and tie votes, and we will see an inabil-ity for the SEC to operate when they should. I oppose the confirmation of Jay Clayton. I think he is capable, but he will not serve this country well. He will not keep corporations and, espe-cially, banks honest on all kinds of cor-porate governance issues. He will not be as supportive of the investor public because of these recusals and conflicts that he faces. I think it is a bad idea, again. I opposed the previous Demo-cratic nominee for this job because she had far too many recusals and conflicts that she had to do. I think this is a mistake to do this again. I ask my colleagues to vote no, to op-pose the confirmation of Jay Clayton to the Securities and Exchange Com-mission. I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Clayton nomination? Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:55 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MY6.024 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2677 May 2, 2017 
The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ). Mr. SCHUMER. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
UR-
BIN). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 61, nays 37, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 118 Ex.] YEAS—61 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kennedy King Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—37 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
Durbin Isakson 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak for up to 10 minutes each. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) ∑Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the votes on the nomination of Jay Clayton to be a Member of the Securities and Ex-change Commission, Executive Cal-endar No. 36. On vote No. 118, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the confirma-tion of the Clayton nomination, Execu-tive Calendar No. 36.∑ 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF EXECUTIVE ORDER 9066 Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, May 6, 2017, marks a 75-year-old moral stain on Oregon’s history. On this day in 1942, the city of Portland was declared free of all Japanese Americans. As part of the Nation’s response to the bombing of Pearl Harbor, President Franklin Roosevelt issued Executive Order 9066 in February 1942. In doing so, the President authorized the re-moval of anybody deemed ‘‘threat-ening.’’ The President’s action was based in fear and prejudice rather than any actual threat, and many Japanese Americans paid the price as innocent people were separated from their fami-lies and traumatized. The United States would ultimately incarcerate more than 120,000 U.S. citi-zens and lawful permanent residents of Japanese ancestry. The Federal Gov-ernment deemed Japanese Americans who lived on the west coast a ‘‘threat,’’ putting my State of Oregon on the frontlines of this injustice. Forced out of their homes and busi-nesses, many of Oregon’s Japanese American families moved into the ani-mal stalls of what was then the Pacific International Livestock and Exposition Center in north Portland. Eventually, a total of 3,700 men, women, and chil-dren from Oregon and parts of Wash-ington were held at the center. These families were later sent off with thou-sands of other Japanese Americans to quickly erected camps across the United States. Despite the anti-Japanese fever burn-ing across the United States, thou-sands of Japanese Americans were serving valiantly on the battlefields of Europe. We throw around the word ‘‘patriot’’ a lot these days, but I can’t think of a more patriotic story than those Japanese Americans who signed up to defend the same country that had locked up their families. Units like the famed 442nd and men like my friend and former colleague Senator Dan Inouye displayed an ex-ceptional degree of courage and valor abroad. Back home, Japanese Amer-ican civil rights leaders like Minoru Yasui and Fred Korematsu were chal-lenging the prejudices that led to Exec-utive Order 9066, the internment, and other injustices faced by Japanese Americans and permanent residents. As the son of Jewish parents who fled Nazi Germany, I feel especially com-pelled today to remind my colleagues and my countrymen of this dark chap-ter in our Nation’s history. It is espe-cially important to recall this history today because it seems some Ameri-cans have slipped back into an era of fear-mongering, bigotry, and hate. I have seen countless expressions of kindness and decency in my years rep-resenting Oregon, which is why I have faith that people across our State and the country will continue to stand up and say ‘‘no more.’’ That is why I also want to honor the truly courageous Japanese Americans and others who fought the pain and fear caused by Ex-ecutive Order 9066. They were on the right side of the argument then and now. Finally, I would like to recognize the Oregon Nikkei Endowment for all its work to bring us together to reflect on this day. Thank you to all the partners who have and will continue to fight for the rights of every American. I stand with them in solidarity today and al-ways. f 
TRIBUTE TO HENSON MOORE Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, Today I wish to honor Congressman Henson Moore and recognize his years of serv-ice, including his leadership on the Battle of New Orleans Bicentennial Commission. Raised in Hackberry, LA, Henson moved to Baton Rouge where he grad-uated from Baton Rouge High School and later Louisiana State University, LSU. He also received his law degree in 1965 and master’s degree in 1973 from LSU. Henson honorably served in the Army from 1965 to 1967 and, in 1974, was elected to Congress where he rep-resented Louisiana’s Sixth Congres-sional District for 12 years. In 1987, Henson was named commis-sioner of the Panama Canal Consult-ative Committee by President Reagan. In 1989, he was named Deputy Sec-retary at the Department of Energy and, in 1992, was named White House Deputy Chief of Staff for President George H.W. Bush. Following his retirement as president and CEO of American Forest and Paper Association in 2006, Henson and his wife, Carolyn, returned to Baton Rouge. Henson’s public service and involve-ment with numerous for-profit and nonprofit boards has earned him many noteworthy honors and awards, among them the Secretary Gold Medal, U.S. Department of Energy, induction into the Louisiana Political Hall of Fame, induction into the LSU Alumni Asso-ciation Hall of Distinction, and the chancellor’s Sesquicentennial Service Award. More recently, he was honored as the 2011 LSU Alumnus of the Year. Henson also served as chairman of the Forever LSU Campaign, the most suc-cessful fundraising effort in the univer-sity’s history, and in 2014 was named chairman of the Battle of New Orleans Bicentennial Commission. Fought on January 8, 1815, the Battle of New Orleans was the final major bat-tle of the War of 1812 and a decisive vic-tory for the United States. As chair-man of the Bicentennial Commission, Henson planned and ran a number of activities throughout the New Orleans area. The commission and chairman were all volunteers; they received no money in exchange for their work, and there was no State money used for this commission. In his address on the bi-centennial, Henson joked, ‘‘When the Legislature created the Bicentennial Commission, it had the foresight to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MY6.025 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2678 May 2, 2017 
provide no money and no staff but a lot of obstruction.’’ The bicentennial com-mission was tasked with commemo-rating a significant moment in both U.S. and Louisiana history. Under Henson Moore’s leadership, that mis-sion was achieved. I would like to honor and congratu-late Henson for his work on both the bicentennial commission and for his service to our country and the State of Louisiana. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. GEORGE E. KELLER II Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, it is my honor today to recognize Dr. George E. Keller II for his outstanding achieve-ments in the areas of engineering, in-novation, and leadership. Dr. Keller was born and raised in Charleston, WV, and has a bachelor’s degree from Vir-ginia Polytechnic Institute and a mas-ter’s degree and Ph.D. in chemical en-gineering from Pennsylvania State University. Dr. Keller’s wisdom is evi-denced in his personal life as he has been married to his wife, Judy Keller, for decades, allowing for his legacy to live on through his many children and grandchildren. Dr. Keller served as a lecturer in President Eisenhower’s ‘‘Atoms for Peace Program’’ in Chemical and Nu-clear Engineering from 1958 to 1959. He went on to have an illustrious and highly accomplished 36-year career at the Union Carbide Corporation in re-search and development at the South Charleston Technical Center and achieved national and international ac-colades for pioneering contribution in separation science, reaction engineer-ing, catalysis, and novel process tech-nology development. After retiring from the Union Car-bide Corporation, Dr. Keller became the cofounder and vice president of New Carbon, LLC, with the purpose of commercializing various aspects of the WVU Chemical Engineering Depart-ment’s coal to advanced carbon prod-ucts programs. Dr. Keller also inspired leadership under the BIDCO organiza-tion for local economic development, which ultimately led to the birth of the Mid-Atlantic Technology Research & Innovation Center, MATRIC, Inc., in 2003. Dr. Keller served as MATRIC vice chairman until 2014, as well as MATRIC’s chief engineer. He currently serves on the MATRIC board of direc-tors and continues service as the com-pany’s chief engineer. In 1988, Dr. Keller was elected to the National Academy of Engineering, NARE, for his invention and insightful analysis of novel separation processes. Recently, Dr. Keller was recognized as ‘‘one of the nation’s top 100 chemical engineers of the modern era’’ by the premier industry association, the American Institute of Chemical Engi-neers, AIChE. He is a recipient of many prestigious awards including the Chemical Pioneer Award by the American Institute of Chemists for his breakthrough work in long-range hydrocarbon technology, as well as the Institute Lecture Award, the Clarence Gerhold Award, and the Institute Award for Excellence in In-dustrial Gases Technology, all awarded by the AIChE. The Chemical Engineer-ing Magazine awarded Dr. Keller’s team with the Kirkpatrick Honor Award for the most innovative chem-ical technology successfully commer-cialized in the world: development of highly efficient pressure-swing para-metric pumping for gas-gas separa-tions. Pennsylvania State University also awarded Dr. Keller with the Out-standing Engineering Alumnus Award in 1989. Dr. George Keller has coauthored and edited more than 35 publications in ref-ereed journals and is the coauthor of two major books in the area of indus-trial separations. He also holds 21 U.S. patents in key technologies. Dr. Keller has lectured at more than 30 univer-sities around the world and has served as chairman for many prestigious international conferences. At West Vir-ginia University, Dr. Keller serves as chair of the visiting committee of the College of Engineering and Mineral Re-sources, as well as a longtime member of the visiting committees of several chemical engineering departments at WVU, Virginia Tech, Penn State, Uni-versity of Wisconsin, University of Texas, and University of Virginia. He has also served on the National Re-search Council’s board on chemical science and technology, BCST, and as an adjunct professor of chemical engi-neering at WVU and Virginia Tech. In addition to Dr. George Keller’s many awards, honors, and service, he also has an abundance of major tech-nical accomplishments. Dr. Keller was a pioneer in discovering ways for con-verting methane to hydrocarbon feed-stock for the chemical industry and was awarded by the American Institute of Chemists for doing so. When Dr. Keller joined Union Carbide in 1961, he was a trailblazer in imple-menting amongst the first computer- controlled pilot plants in the industry worldwide. Under his leadership, the separations and process fundamentals skill center developed such disparate processes as the most advanced tech-nology for producing oxygen via minia-ture adsorption units in the homes of people with severe lung problems in the 1970s, creating a better and longer life for countless millions around the world, and the world’s largest commer-cial pervaporation facility in the 1990s. Dr. Keller’s personal expertise in membranes, adsorption, distillation, and extraction operations has resulted in reducing the generation of process wastes, developing more cost-effective ways to treat industrial waste streams, and, in some cases, resulted in recovery of valuable coproducts from traditional waste streams. In addition to his Car-bide contributions, Dr. Keller has also worked on several next-generation technologies for carbon capture from fossil fuel combustion. His work in this area will be impactful for years to come, especially in industries touched by the development of shale gas in the United States. Dr. Keller has recruited exceptional, diverse talent to WV and to Union Car-bide, including over 100 of the world’s premier doctoral-level engineers and scientists. He has served and continues to serve as an excellent mentor to countless individuals. In turn, this as-pect of Dr. Keller’s efforts paid excep-tionally rich dividends to Union Car-bide and West Virginia in developing and sustaining a world-class, market- driven, R&D technical center at South Charleston for many decades. This cul-ture still lives on today at MATRIC. The company is a growing multidivi-sional company with long-term strat-egy levering both market opportunity and its own internal expertise. It is noteworthy that MATRIC has delivered more than $95 million to the West Vir-ginia economy that would never have existed without exceptional leaders like George Keller. It is with great respect that I ask my colleagues in the U.S. Senate to recog-nize the accomplishments and dedica-tion of Dr. George E. Keller II. Dr. Kel-ler is an excellent example of persever-ance and commitment to innovation, enhancing the lives of others and in-spiring the next generation of sci-entists and engineers. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID HOLT ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize David Holt, who has been a town manager in Maine since 1976, serving four communities. In 1999, David received the Linc Stackpole Manager of the Year Award, chosen by his peers in the Maine Town and City Managers Association in rec-ognition of his exemplary leadership qualities, professional ethics, and com-mitment to public service. Over the past 40 years, David has been a mentor, trusted adviser, and role model to many younger managers. David was raised in rural western Maine, the son of a farmer. This up-bringing instilled a strong work ethic in him at a young age and an apprecia-tion for preserving the natural environ-ment, as well as empathy for the hard- working people of Maine. He has a strong intellect, a keen sense of humor, and is gifted writer, chronicling his life and times in his book of autobiograph-ical short stories ‘‘Man about Town.’’ He got involved in local government early by being elected as the youngest member of the board of selectmen in his hometown of Greenwood at the age of 18. His interest in public service was kindled by this experience, and he later attended the University of Maine where he received a degree in public management. David served as the first town man-ager of the town of Princeton. While 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY6.024 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2679 May 2, 2017 
there, he developed an airport by re-ceiving grants to move the historic train station to be reused as a terminal building. These efforts resulted in the establishment of regular air service with a local carrier, promoting eco-nomic development and easy access to the area by sportsmen. He enlisted the Maine National Guard to do their sum-mer training session in Princeton, and with the work of hundreds of military personnel with heavy equipment, a new mile-long major access road to the air-port from Route 1 was completed in just 2 weeks. While serving in the town of Dexter, he prepared successful applications to the Community Development Block Grant Program that resulted in the renovation of the entire downtown area by adding new decorative streetlights, improved sidewalks, better drainage, and related road work. This effort revi-talized the downtown area and spurred private investment in the Main Street buildings. In the town of Standish, he worked extensively on the growth management plan, which established a roadmap for future community development. In the town of Norway, where he has served for the past 28 years, David has worked diligently to ensure that the town stays in sound financial condi-tion, as well as keeping the Main Street economically and culturally vi-brant. He instituted a sidewalk build-ing program that has resulted in Nor-way becoming one of Maine’s most walkable communities. Perhaps his crowning achievements were the suc-cessful grant application and efforts to save the town’s historic opera house. David will be long remembered in all the towns he has served for his com-mitment to community betterment and his forward-thinking positive man-agement style.∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING FIN FUN MERMAID TAILS ∑Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, the Amer-ican dream is alive and well today. En-trepreneurs across this country are innovators, leaders, and visionaries who exemplify many of the character-istics that make this country great. Idaho’s small businesses and the entre-preneurs behind them share a dedica-tion to producing the highest quality products and services. Hard work, dedi-cation, and passion are among some of the other traits that successful entre-preneurs share, whether they be from Idaho or anywhere else in our great country. All of these qualities are on display in this month’s Small Business of the Month. As chairman of the Sen-ate Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, it is my pleasure to recognize Fin Fun Mermaid Tails as the Senate Small Business of the Month for May 2017. Fin Fun got its start in 2009 when its founder, Karen Browning, was asked by her granddaughter to design and make a mermaid tail. Even with over 50 years of experience sewing, she was not sure she could complete her grand-daughter’s request. With some cre-ativity and ingenuity, Mrs. Browning designed the mermaid fins out of span-dex swimsuit material and a rigid body for the fin. The design proved so pop-ular that, when Emily and her sister, Sarah, swam with the fins on at the local pool, all their friends asked where they could get a tail of their own. Mrs. Browning began selling the product on eBay and Etsy in 2010. With demand in-creasing, Mrs. Browning’s sons, Eric and Steve Browning, returned to Idaho to run the Fin Fun business. Sales of Fin Fun products increased dramati-cally since its opening, from selling 200 mermaid tails per month in 2011 to more than 500,000 in 2016. Fin Fun offers a number of products including their famous mermaid tails, patented Monofin, swimwear, animal blankets, pool toys, and other acces-sories. In 2012, Eric and Steve Brown-ing took over the day-to-day oper-ations of the company as the founders Jerry and Karen went on a mission for their church. In 2015, Fin Fun pur-chased a 10,000-square-foot building lo-cated on the Lewisville Highway, where the company continues to grow. In that same year, Fin Fun was high-lighted by various media outlets, in-cluding the Wall Street Journal. In 2016, the company was named to Inc. 500’s fastest growing companies list, as the 119th fastest growing company with 3,000 percent growth over a 3-year period. Through the leadership of Eric and Steve Browning and the success of Fin Fun, the company has created more than 75 full-time and part-time jobs within the Idaho Falls area. As a family-run business, Fin Fun continues to set an example by donat-ing a percentage of its profits to more than 18 charitable organizations annu-ally, in addition to providing employ-ment and support to the local commu-nity. Fin Fun is the manifestation of the entrepreneurial spirit that epito-mizes the essence of the great State of Idaho. I would like to extend my sin-cerest congratulations to the employ-ees and owners of Fin Fun Mermaid for being selected as the May 2017 Small Business of the Month. You make our great State proud, and I look forward to watching your continued growth and success.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate proceedings.) f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 10:02 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
S .496. An act to repeal the rule issued by the Federal Highway Administration and the Federal Transit Administration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Organization Co-ordination and Planning Area Reform’’. 
The enrolled bill was subsequently signed by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
At 11:43 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 657. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend certain protections against prohibited personnel practices, and for other purposes. H.R. 910. An act to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund re-search reports, and for other purposes. H.R. 1242. An act to establish the 400 Years of African-American History Commission, and for other purposes. H.R. 1312. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to re-quire an annual review by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the annual govern-ment-business forum on capital formation that is held pursuant to such Act. H.R. 1366. An act to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an exemp-tion for companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 657. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend certain protections against prohibited personnel practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 910. An act to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund re-search reports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. H.R. 1312. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to re-quire an annual review by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the annual govern-ment-business forum on capital formation that is held pursuant to such Act; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, May 2, 2017, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G02MY6.028 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2680 May 2, 2017 
S. 496. An act to repeal the rule issued by the Federal Highway Administration and the Federal Transit Administration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Organization Co-ordination and Planning Area Reform’’. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. CRAPO (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. C AS-
SIDY, and Mr. A LEXANDER ): S. 1001. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to modernize payments for ambulatory surgical centers under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Ms. H EITKAMP , and Mr. T
ILLIS ): S. 1002. A bill to enhance the ability of community financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their commu-nities, boost small businesses, increase indi-vidual savings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. C
ASEY ): S. 1003. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-cial Security Act to add standards for drug compendia for physician use for purposes of Medicaid payment for certain drugs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. Y
OUNG , and Ms. H ASSAN ): S. 1004. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 to support innovative approaches to career and technical education and redesign the high school experience for students by pro-viding students with equitable access to rig-orous, engaging, and relevant real world edu-cation through partnerships with business and industry and higher education that pre-pare students to graduate from high school and enroll into postsecondary education without the need for remediation and with the ability to use knowledge to solve com-plex problems, think critically, commu-nicate effectively, collaborate with others, and develop academic mindsets; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. WYDEN: S. 1005. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modernize the tax treat-ment of derivatives and their underlying in-vestments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B ROWN , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. C OONS , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. H
EINRICH , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. H
IRONO , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. M ARKEY , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. R EED, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. S CHUMER , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. W
ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , and Mr. W YDEN ): S. 1006. A bill to prohibit discrimination on the basis of sex, gender identity, and sexual orientation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. HATCH , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. S ULLIVAN , and Mr. D
AINES ): S. 1007. A bill to require the Secretary of the Interior to develop a strategy to relocate the headquarters of the Bureau of Land Man-agement from Washington, DC, to a western State in a manner that will save the max-imum amount of taxpayer money prac-ticable, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. GARDNER (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. A LEXANDER , Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. L EE, Mr. J
OHNSON , Ms. B ALDWIN , and Mr. W AR-
NER): S. 1008. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act to exclude cannabidiol and cannabidiol-rich plants from the definition of marihuana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. KING (for himself and Mr. F
RANKEN ): S. 1009. A bill to amend the Natural Gas Act to require the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission and the Secretary of En-ergy to consider certain factors in making a public interest determination under that Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. 1010. A bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide additional respon-sibilities for the Register of Copyrights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. W ARNER , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , and Mr. C OONS ): S. 1011. A bill to prevent the Iranian Is-lamic Revolutionary Guard Corps from using Mahan Air for material support for terrorist activities; to the Committee on Foreign Re-lations. By Mr. UDALL (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ): S. 1012. A bill to provide for drought pre-paredness measures in the State of New Mex-ico, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ): S. Res. 149. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of World Malaria Day; con-sidered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 54 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 54, a bill to prohibit the cre-ation of an immigration-related reg-istry program that classifies people on the basis of religion, race, age, gender, ethnicity, national origin, nationality, or citizenship. 
S. 66 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 66, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit certain retired members of the uniformed services who have a service-connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs for their disability and either re-tired pay by reason of their years of military service or Combat-Related Special Compensation, and for other purposes. S. 139 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 139, a bill to implement the use of Rapid DNA instruments to in-form decisions about pretrial release or detention and their conditions, to solve and prevent violent crimes and other crimes, to exonerate the innocent, to prevent DNA analysis backlogs, and for other purposes. 
S. 200 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 200, a bill to prohibit the con-duct of a first-use nuclear strike absent a declaration of war by Congress. 
S. 236 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 236, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform tax-ation of alcoholic beverages. 
S. 352 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 352, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Master Sergeant Rodrick ‘‘Roddie’’ Edmonds in recogni-tion of his heroic actions during World War II. 
S. 482 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 482, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to treat cer-tain amounts paid for physical activ-ity, fitness, and exercise as amounts paid for medical care. 
S. 563 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 563, a bill to amend the Flood Dis-aster Protection Act of 1973 to require that certain buildings and personal property be covered by flood insurance, and for other purposes. 
S. 593 
At the request of Mr. B ENNET , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 593, a bill to amend the Pitt-man-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to facilitate the establishment of additional or expanded public target ranges in certain States. 
S. 662 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:22 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY6.011 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2681 May 2, 2017 
from Delaware (Mr. C OONS ), the Sen-ator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
AR-
REN), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 662, a bill to provide in-centives for hate crime reporting, grants for State-run hate crime hot-lines, a Federal private right of action for victims of hate crimes, and addi-tional penalties for individuals con-victed under the Matthew Shephard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Pre-vention Act. 
S. 682 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 682, a bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to provide for the pur-chase of paper United States savings bonds with tax refunds. 
S. 722 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 722, a bill to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 733 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 733, a bill to protect and enhance op-portunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes. 
S. 766 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 766, a bill to amend titles 10 and 32, United States Code, to improve and enhance authorities relating to the em-ployment, use, status, and benefits of military technicians (dual status), and for other purposes. 
S. 819 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 819, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide more effective remedies to victims of dis-crimination in the payment of wages on the basis of sex, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 978 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 978, a bill to direct the Sec-retary of Education to establish an award program recognizing excellence exhibited by public school system em-ployees providing services to students in prekindergarten through higher edu-cation. 
S. 992 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. MORAN ) and the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 992, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to con-duct an independent review of the deaths of certain veterans by suicide, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 40 
At the request of Mr. M URPHY , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cosponsors of S.J. Res. 40, a joint reso-lution to provide limitations on the transfer of air-to-ground munitions from the United States to Saudi Ara-bia. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. C
APITO , Mr. Y OUNG , and Ms. H
ASSAN ): S. 1004. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Edu-cation Act of 2006 to support innova-tive approaches to career and technical education and redesign the high school experience for students by providing students with equitable access to rig-orous, engaging, and relevant real world education through partnerships with business and industry and higher education that prepare students to graduate from high school and enroll into postsecondary education without the need for remediation and with the ability to use knowledge to solve com-plex problems, think critically, com-municate effectively, collaborate with others, and develop academic mindsets; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President. In today’s increasingly competitive global mar-ket, it is more important than ever that students develop the right skills and knowledge to succeed in postsec-ondary education and enter the work-force. Our nation’s future depends on providing students with an engaging experience that is relevant to the workforce and integrates partnerships with industry and higher education. Unfortunately, many high schools cur-rently lack these opportunities, leav-ing students unprepared for 21st cen-tury careers. In fact, nearly 80 percent of college instructors and 60 percent of employers indicate that public high schools fall short in preparing students for postsecondary education. The cornerstone of high-quality ca-reer and technical education, CTE, is a strong focus on academics. The Na-tional Research Center for Career and Technical Education conducted a four- year longitudinal study in three states and found that students participating in CTE programs or career pathways outperformed their peers on the num-ber of credits they earned in science, technology, engineering and math, STEM, and AP classes. These students also earned higher grade point averages in their CTE classes. Nonetheless, CTE is often overlooked in discussions on increasing relevancy and rigor in our nation’s schools. That is why I am introducing with my colleagues, Senators PORTMAN , B
ALDWIN , CAPITO , and Y OUNG , the CTE Excellence and Equity Act. This bipar-tisan legislation supports funding for innovation in career and technical edu-cation to help redesign the high school experience for historically underserved students. The bill would support the in-tegration of rigorous academics with CTE in courses. It would also authorize grants to partnerships among school districts, employers, and institutions of higher education in Virginia and other states that help students earn in-dustry recognized credentials or credit toward a postsecondary degree or cer-tificate. The bill also places an empha-sis on understanding the relevance of coursework in the context of a future career by placing an emphasis on teaching workplace skills through job shadowing, internships, and appren-ticeships. Preparing our students for the careers of tomorrow puts them in the pipeline for the good-paying jobs that are the future of our workforce. CTE programs are critical compo-nents to every student’s education. I am pleased to be introducing this bi-partisan legislation to strengthen CTE programs in high school so that stu-dents are better prepared for postsec-ondary studies and the workforce. I hope that my colleagues consider this legislation as we move to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins CTE Act. 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. L EAHY , and Mr. H
ATCH ): S. 1010. A bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide addi-tional responsibilities for the Register of Copyrights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules and Admin-istration. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President. I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1010 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Register of Copyrights Selection and Accountability Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REGISTER OF COPYRIGHTS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 701 of title 17, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘(a) All administrative’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) R
EGISTER AND DIRECTOR .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—All administrative’’; (B) by striking ‘‘director’’ and inserting ‘‘Director’’; (C) by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘The Register of Copyrights shall be a citizen of the United States with a pro-fessional background and experience in copy-right law, shall be capable of identifying and supervising a Chief Information Officer or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:55 Aug 22, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\MAY\S02MY7.REC S02MY7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2682 May 2, 2017 
other similar official responsible for man-aging modern information technology sys-tems, and shall be appointed by the Presi-dent from the individuals recommended under paragraph (6), by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.’’; and (D) in the last sentence, by striking ‘‘shall be appointed’’ and all that follows through ‘‘and shall act’’ and inserting ‘‘shall act’’; (2) in subsection (b), by redesignating para-graphs (1) through (5) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (3) by redesignating subsection (b) as para-graph (2), and adjusting the margins accord-ingly; (4) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘D
UTIES .—’’ before ‘‘In addition’’; (5) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) O
ATH.—The Register of Copyrights shall, before taking office, take an oath to discharge faithfully the duties of the Copy-right Office described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) R
EMOVAL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Register of Copy-rights may be removed from office by the President. ‘‘(B) N
OTIFICATION .—The President shall provide notification to both Houses of Con-gress of a removal under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(5) T
ERM OF OFFICE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Register of Copyrights— ‘‘(i) shall be appointed for a term of 10 years; and ‘‘(ii) may serve until a successor is ap-pointed, confirmed, and taken the oath of of-fice. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The Register of Copy-rights may not continue to serve after the date on which Congress adjourns sine die after the date on which the 10-year period de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(i) ends. ‘‘(C) R
EAPPOINTMENT .—An individual ap-pointed to the position of Register of Copy-rights, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, may be reappointed to that posi-tion in accordance with the requirements of this section. ‘‘(6) P
ANEL FOR REGISTER OF COPYRIGHTS  
RECOMMENDATIONS .—There is established a panel to recommend a list of at least 3 indi-viduals to the President for appointment as the Register of Copyrights. The panel shall be composed of the following: ‘‘(A) The Speaker of the House of Rep-resentatives. ‘‘(B) The President pro tempore of the Sen-ate. ‘‘(C) The majority and minority leaders of the House of Representatives and the Senate. ‘‘(D) The Librarian of Congress.’’; (6) by redesignating subsections (c) through (f) as subsections (b) through (e), re-spectively; (7) in subsection (b), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘S
EAL.—’’ before ‘‘The Register’’; (8) in subsection (c), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘A
NNUAL REPORT .—’’ before ‘‘The Register’’; (9) in subsection (d), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘A
PPLICABILITY OF TITLE 5.—’’ be- fore ‘‘Except as provided’’; and (10) in subsection (e), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘C
OMPENSATION .—’’ before ‘‘The Register’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to any vacancy for the Register of Copyrights after January 1, 2017. If a Register of Copy-rights is appointed during the period begin-ning on January 1, 2017 and ending on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, that Register shall meet the require-ments of the amendments made by this Act or shall be replaced in accordance with such amendments. SEC. 3. CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed to impact the mandatory deposit requirements in title 17, United States Code. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. W AR-
NER, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , and Mr. C
OONS ): S. 1011. A bill to prevent the Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps from using Mahan Air for material sup-port for terrorist activities; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1011 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Mahan Air and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORT ON AIRPORTS USED BY MAHAN AIR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2020, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in con-sultation with the Secretary of Transpor-tation, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to Congress a re-port that includes— (1) a list of all airports at which aircraft owned or controlled by Mahan Air have land-ed during the 2 years preceding the submis-sion of the report; and (2) for each such airport— (A) an assessment of whether aircraft owned or controlled by Mahan Air continue to conduct operations at that airport; (B) an assessment of whether any of the landings of aircraft owned or controlled by Mahan Air were necessitated by an emer-gency situation; (C) a determination regarding whether ad-ditional security measures should be im-posed on flights to the United States that originate from that airport; and (D) an explanation of the rationale for that determination. (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may include a classified annex. (c) P
UBLICATION OF LIST.—The list required by subsection (a)(1) shall be publicly and prominently posted on the website of the De-partment of Homeland Security on the date on which the report required by subsection (a) is submitted to Congress. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 149—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF WORLD MALARIA DAY Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 149 Whereas April 25 of each year is recognized internationally as World Malaria Day; Whereas malaria is a leading cause of death and disease in many developing coun-tries, despite being preventable and treat-able; Whereas fighting malaria is in the national interest of the United States because reduc-ing the risk of malaria protects members of the Armed Forces and other people of the United States serving overseas in malaria- endemic regions, and reducing malaria deaths helps to lower risks of instability in less developed countries; Whereas United States support for efforts to fight malaria— (1) is in the diplomatic and moral interests of the United States; (2) generates goodwill toward the United States; and (3) highlights the values of the people of the United States through the work of gov-ernmental, nongovernmental, and faith- based organizations of the United States; Whereas, in 2015, 91 countries and areas had ongoing malaria transmissions; Whereas nearly 1⁄2of the population of the world is at risk for malaria, with sub-Saha-ran African carrying a disproportionately high burden, with 90 percent of malaria cases and 92 percent of malaria deaths in the world; Whereas young children and pregnant women are particularly vulnerable to, and disproportionately affected by, malaria; Whereas malaria greatly affects the health of children, since children under the age of 5 account for an estimated 70 percent of ma-laria deaths each year; Whereas the World Malaria Report 2016 by the World Health Organization states that, in 2015, approximately 429,000 people died of malaria, which is a 50-percent decrease since 2000; Whereas the United States Government has played a leading role in the recent progress made toward reducing the global burden of malaria, particularly through the President’s Malaria Initiative and the con-tribution of the United States to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Ma-laria; and Whereas the United States Government is pursuing a comprehensive approach to end-ing malaria deaths through the President’s Malaria Initiative, which is led by the United States Agency for International De-velopment and implemented with assistance from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Department of State, the Department of Health and Human Services, the National Institutes of Health, the De-partment of Defense, and private sector enti-ties: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of World Malaria Day; (2) recognizes the importance of reducing malaria prevalence and deaths to improve overall child and maternal health, especially in sub-Saharan Africa; (3) commends the recent progress made to-ward reducing global malaria morbidity, mortality, and prevalence, particularly through the efforts of the President’s Ma-laria Initiative and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria; (4) welcomes ongoing public-private part-nerships to research and develop more effec-tive and affordable tools for malaria diag-nosis, treatment, and vaccination; (5) recognizes the goals, priorities, and au-thorities to combat malaria set forth in the Tom Lantos and Henry J. Hyde United States Global Leadership Against HIV/AIDS, Tuberculosis, and Malaria Reauthorization Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–293; 122 Stat. 2918); (6) supports continued leadership by the United States in bilateral, multilateral, and private sector efforts to combat malaria and to work with developing countries to create 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY6.020 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2683 May 2, 2017 
long-term strategies to increase ownership over malaria programs; and (7) encourages other members of the inter-national community to sustain and increase their support for, and financial contributions to, efforts to combat malaria worldwide. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I have 6 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the U.S.-EU Covered Agreement.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate in order to hold a hearing on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, at 10 a.m. in Room 366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building in Washington, DC. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Senate Select Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, at 10 a.m., to hold a hearing entitled ‘‘Nominations.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, at 10:30 a.m., in room SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building. 
COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence is authorized to meet during the session of the 115th Congress of the U.S. Senate on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, at 2 p.m. 
f 
MODERNIZING GOVERNMENT TRAVEL ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 40, H.R. 274. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 274) to provide for reimburse-ment for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Gov-ernment business, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 274) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. f 
DHS SAVE ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 41, H.R. 366. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 366) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Sec-retary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain im-provements in managing the Department’s vehicle fleet, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, with amendments, as follows: (The part of the bill intended to be stricken is shown in boldface brackets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italics.) 
H.R. 366 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Stop Asset and Vehicle Excess Act’’ or the ‘‘DHS SAVE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DHS VEHICLE FLEETS. 
Section 701 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(5), by inserting ‘‘vehi-cle fleets (under subsection (c)),’’ after ‘‘equipment,’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) V
EHICLE FLEETS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out respon-sibilities regarding vehicle fleets pursuant to subsection (a)(5), the Under Secretary for Management shall be responsible for over-seeing and managing vehicle fleets through-out the Department. The Under Secretary shall also be responsible for the following: ‘‘(A) Ensuring that components are in com-pliance with Federal law, Federal regula-tions, executive branch guidance, and De-partment policy (including associated guid-ance) relating to fleet management and use of vehicles from home to work. ‘‘(B) Developing and distributing a stand-ardized vehicle allocation methodology and fleet management plan for components to use to determine optimal fleet size in accord-ance with paragraph (4). ‘‘(C) Ensuring that components formally document fleet management decisions. ‘‘(D) Approving component fleet manage-ment plans, vehicle leases, and vehicle acqui-sitions. ‘‘(2) C
OMPONENT RESPONSIBILITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Component heads— ‘‘(i) shall— ‘‘(I) comply with Federal law, Federal reg-ulations, executive branch guidance, and De-partment policy (including associated guid-ance) relating to fleet management and use of vehicles from home to work; ‘‘(II) ensure that data related to fleet man-agement is accurate and reliable; ‘‘(III) use such data to develop a vehicle al-location tool derived by using the standard-ized vehicle allocation methodology provided by the Under Secretary for Management to determine the optimal fleet size for the next fiscal year and a fleet management plan; and ‘‘(IV) use vehicle allocation methodologies and fleet management plans to develop an-nual requests for funding to support vehicle fleets pursuant to paragraph (6); and ‘‘(ii) may not, except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), lease or acquire new vehicles or replace existing vehicles without prior ap-proval from the Under Secretary for Manage-ment pursuant to paragraph (5)(B). ‘‘(B) EXCEPTION REGARDING CERTAIN LEAS -
ING AND ACQUISITIONS .—If exigent cir-cumstances warrant such, a component head may lease or acquire a new vehicle or replace an existing vehicle without prior approval from the Under Secretary for Management. If under such exigent circumstances a com-ponent head so leases, acquires, or replaces a vehicle, such component head shall provide to the Under Secretary an explanation of such circumstances. ‘‘(3) O
NGOING OVERSIGHT .— ‘‘(A) Q
UARTERLY MONITORING .—In accord-ance with paragraph (4), the Under Secretary for Management shall collect, on a quarterly basis, information regarding component ve-hicle fleets, including information on fleet size, composition, cost, and vehicle utiliza-tion. ‘‘(B) A
UTOMATED INFORMATION .—The Under Secretary for Management shall seek to achieve a capability to collect, on a quar-terly basis, automated information regard-ing component vehicle fleets, including the number of trips, miles driven, hours and days used, and the associated costs of such mile-age for leased vehicles. ‘‘(C) M
ONITORING .—The Under Secretary for Management shall track and monitor compo-nent information provided pursuant to sub-paragraph (A) and, as appropriate, subpara-graph (B), to ensure that component vehicle fleets are the optimal fleet size and cost ef-fective. The Under Secretary shall use such information to inform the annual component fleet analyses referred to in paragraph (4). ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL REVIEW OF COMPONENT FLEET  
ANALYSES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—To determine the opti-mal fleet size and associated resources need-ed for each fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2018, component heads shall annually submit to the Under Secretary for Manage-ment a vehicle allocation tool and fleet man-agement plan using information described in paragraph (3)(A). Such tools and plans may be submitted in classified form if a compo-nent head determines that such is necessary to protect operations or mission require-ments. ‘‘(B) V
EHICLE ALLOCATION TOOL .—Compo- nent heads shall develop a vehicle allocation tool in accordance with subclause (III) of paragraph (2)(A)(i) that includes an analysis of the following: ‘‘(i) Vehicle utilization data, including the number of trips, miles driven, hours and days used, and the associated costs of such mile-age for leased vehicles, in accordance with such paragraph. ‘‘(ii) The role of vehicle fleets in sup-porting mission requirements for each com-ponent. ‘‘(iii) Any other information determined relevant by such component heads. ‘‘(C) F
LEET MANAGEMENT PLANS .—Compo- nent heads shall use information described in subparagraph (B) to develop a fleet manage-ment plan for each such component. Such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY6.022 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2684 May 2, 2017 
fleet management plans shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) A plan for how each such component may achieve optimal fleet size determined by the vehicle allocation tool required under such subparagraph, including the elimi-nation of excess vehicles in accordance with paragraph (5), if applicable. ‘‘(ii) A cost benefit analysis supporting such plan. ‘‘(iii) A schedule each such component will follow to obtain optimal fleet size. ‘‘(iv) Any other information determined relevant by component heads. ‘‘(D) R
EVIEW .—The Under Secretary for Management shall review and make a deter-mination on the results of each component’s vehicle allocation tool and fleet manage-ment plan under this paragraph to ensure each such component’s vehicle fleets are the optimal fleet size and that components are in compliance with applicable Federal law, Federal regulations, executive branch guid-ance, and Department policy (including asso-ciated guidance) pursuant to paragraph (2) relating to fleet management and use of ve-hicles from home to work. The Under Sec-retary shall use such tools and plans when reviewing annual component requests for ve-hicle fleet funding in accordance with para-graph (6). ‘‘(5) G
UIDANCE TO DEVELOP FLEET MANAGE -
MENT PLANS .—The Under Secretary for Man-agement shall provide guidance, pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), on how component heads may achieve optimal fleet size in accordance with paragraph (4), including processes for the following: ‘‘(A) Leasing or acquiring additional vehi-cles or replacing existing vehicles, if deter-mined necessary. ‘‘(B) Disposing of excess vehicles that the Under Secretary determines should not be reallocated under subparagraph (C). ‘‘(C) Reallocating excess vehicles to other components that may need temporary or long-term use of additional vehicles. ‘‘(6) A
NNUAL REVIEW OF VEHICLE FLEET  
FUNDING REQUESTS .—As part of the annual budget process, the Under Secretary for Management shall review and make deter-minations regarding annual component re-quests for funding for vehicle fleets. If com-ponent heads have not taken steps in fur-therance of achieving optimal fleet size in the prior fiscal year pursuant to paragraphs (4) and (5), the Under Secretary shall provide rescission recommendations to the Com-mittee on Appropriations and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Appro-priations and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate regarding such component vehicle fleets. ‘‘(7) A
CCOUNTABILITY FOR VEHICLE FLEET  
MANAGEMENT .— ‘‘(A) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN NEW VEHICLE  
LEASES AND ACQUISITIONS .—The Under Sec-retary for Management and component heads may not approve in any fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2019 a vehicle lease, acquisi-tion, or replacement request if such compo-nent heads did not comply in the prior fiscal year with paragraph (4). ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN PERFORMANCE  
COMPENSATION .—No Department official with vehicle fleet management responsibilities may receive annual performance compensa-tion in pay in any fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2019 if such official did not com-ply in the prior fiscal year with paragraph (4). ‘‘(C) P
ROHIBITION ON CERTAIN CAR SERV -
ICES.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no senior executive service official of the Department whose office has a vehicle fleet may receive access to a car service in any fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2019 if such official did not comply in the prior fiscal year with paragraph (4). ‘‘(8) MOTOR POOL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Management may determine the feasibility of operating a vehicle motor pool to permit components to share vehicles as necessary to support mission requirements to reduce the number of excess vehicles in the Depart-ment. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The determination of feasibility of operating a vehicle motor pool under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) include— ‘‘(I) regions in the United States in which multiple components with vehicle fleets are located in proximity to one another, or a sig-nificant number of employees with author-ization to use vehicles are located; and ‘‘(II) law enforcement vehicles; ‘‘(ii) cover the National Capital Region; and ‘‘(iii) take into account different mission requirements. ‘‘(C) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall include in the Department’s next annual perform-ance report required under current law the results of the determination under this para-graph. ‘‘(9) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) C
OMPONENT HEAD .—The term ‘compo-nent head’ means the head of any component of the Department with a vehicle fleet. ‘‘(B) E
XCESS VEHICLE .—The term ‘excess ve-hicle’ means any vehicle that is not essential to support mission requirements of a compo-nent. ‘‘(C) O
PTIMAL FLEET SIZE .—The term ‘opti-mal fleet size’ means, with respect to a par-ticular component, the appropriate number of vehicles to support mission requirements of such component. ‘‘(D) V
EHICLE FLEET .—The term ‘vehicle fleet’ means all owned, commercially leased, or Government-leased vehicles of the Depart-ment or of a component of the Department, as the case may be, including vehicles used for law enforcement and other purposes.’’. 
øSEC. 3. GAO REPORT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW. 
(a) GAO R EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the following: (1) The status of efforts at achieving a ca-pability to collect automated information as required under subsection (c)(3) of section 701 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341), as added by section 2 of this Act, and any challenges that remain with respect to achieving the capability to collect, assess, and report vehicle fleet (as such term in de-fined in subsection (c)(9) of such section 701) data for the purpose of determining vehicle utilization. (2) The extent to which the Under Sec-retary for Management has identified and addressed any relevant security concerns, in-cluding cybersecurity risks, related to such automation. (3) The extent to which the Under Sec-retary collects, assesses, and reports on vehi-cle fleet event data recorder data. (b) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—The In- spector General of the Department of Home-land Security shall— (1) review implementation of subsection (c)(4) of section 701 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341), as added by section 2 of this Act, for fiscal years 2018 and 2020, and shall provide, upon request, to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate information regarding any such review; and (2) submit to the committees specified in paragraph (1) a report, not later than 6 months after completion of the second re-view required under such paragraph, regard-ing the effectiveness of such subsection with respect to cost avoidance, savings realized, and component operations. ¿ SEC. 3. INSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW. 
The Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security shall— (1) conduct a review of the implementation of subsection (c)(4) of section 701 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341), as added by section 2 of this Act, for fiscal year 2019, which shall include analysis of the effectiveness of such subsection (c)(4) with respect to cost avoid-ance, savings realized, and component oper-ations; and (2) provide, upon request, to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives informa-tion regarding the review required under para-graph (1). 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendments be con-sidered and agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were agreed to. The amendments were ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 366), as amended, was passed. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL SAFE DIGGING MONTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from fur-ther consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 137. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 137) supporting the goals and ideals of National Safe Digging Month. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 137) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of April 24, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY6.026 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2685 May 2, 2017 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF WORLD MALARIA DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 149, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 149) supporting the goals and ideals of World Malaria Day. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there is no further debate, the question is on agreeing to the resolution. The resolution (S. Res. 149) was agreed to. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the preamble be agreed to and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 3, 2017 Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, May 3; further, that following the pray-er and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROGRAM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, for the information of all Senators, we ex-pect to have a rollcall vote on the mo-tion to proceed to H.J. Res. 66, the States’ savings CRA resolution of dis-approval, between 10:30 and 11 a.m. to-morrow morning. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. MCCONNELL. If there is no fur-ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:59 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, May 3, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
MARSHALL BILLINGSLEA, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY FOR TERRORIST FINANCING, DEPART-MENT OF THE TREASURY, VICE DANIEL L. GLASER. 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
RUSSELL VOUGHT, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DEPUTY DIREC-TOR OF THE OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET, VICE BRIAN C. DEESE. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate May 2, 2017: 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
JAY CLAYTON, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JUNE 5, 2021. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:27 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G02MY6.032 S02MYPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE581 May 2, 2017 
RECOGNIZE THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF KAPPA ALPHA PSI FRATER-NITY, INC. 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the achievements of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated. Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated is a collegiate Greek-letter fraternity with a pre-dominantly African-American membership. Since the fraternity’s founding on January 5, 1911 on the campus of Indiana University in Bloomington, Indiana, the fraternity has never limited membership based on color, creed or national origin. The fraternity has over 150,000 members with 721 undergraduate and alumni chapters in every state of the United States, and International chapters in the United King-dom, Germany, Korea, Japan, United States Virgin Islands, Nigeria, and South Africa. Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated cele-brated its 100th anniversary on January 5, 2011, and is one of only four predominantly African American collegiate fraternities to do so. Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated was founded by ten African-American college students, the Elder Watson Diggs, Dr. Ezra Dee Alexander, Dr. Byron K. Armstrong, Attor-ney Henry T. Asher, Dr. Marcus P. Blakemore, Paul W. Caine, George W. Edmond, Dr. Guy L. Grant, Edward G. Irvin, John M. Lee. The fraternity sponsors programs providing community service, social welfare and aca-demic scholarship through the Kappa Alpha Psi Foundation and is a supporter of the United Negro College Fund and Habitat for Humanity, the Saint Jude Children’s Research Hospital, the Guide Right Service Program, along with the Kappa Leadership and Devel-opment League. In addition to the community service con-tributions made by Kappa men, these gentle-men also make contributions and achieve in every field of human endeavor. Kappa men are leaders in the fields of law, business, edu-cation, healthcare, athletics and entertainment. Also, eight members of the Congressional Black Caucus are proud members of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated: S
ANFORD  D. B
ISHOP , Jr.; W ILLIAM LACY CLAY, Jr.; J OHN C
ONYERS , Jr.; A LCEE L. H ASTINGS ; H AKEEM  J
EFFRIES ; ALLAWSON ; DONALD MCEACHIN ; and B
ENNIE G. T HOMPSON . Mr. Speaker, I applaud the philanthropic and achieving spirit of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Incorporated. As a hard-working and generous group of men, you are admired by many for the vigor that you possess and for the service that you render to others. CONGRATULATING WILLIAM A. SCOTT ON HIS 100TH BIRTHDAY HON. ADAM KINZINGER 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate William A. Scott of New Bruns-wick, New Jersey on turning 100 this May. Mr. Scott is the grandfather of my constituent, Mi-chael Koolidge—a fellow veteran and syn-dicated radio host in Rockford, Illinois. When World War II broke out, Mr. Scott an-swered the call of duty and enlisted in the U.S. Navy. ‘‘Scotty’’ as his fellow sailors called him, was a Seaman Second Class and spent time working on torpedo bomber planes that were eventually deployed throughout the world in the Allied war effort. During his service, Mr. Scott was awarded the American Theater Rib-bon and the World War Two Victory Medal. Following America’s victory, Mr. Scott re-turned to work at the Calco Chemical Com-pany in Bound Brook, New Jersey, working there for the next several decades as a Plas-tics and Banbury Operator. After retirement, Mr. Scott traveled with his wife, Betty to all 48 continental states in the same car, a Volks-wagen Beetle to see everything this great country of ours had to offer. In addition to volunteering in his community for the Meadows Foundation historic preserva-tion group, Mr. Scott has been a member of the American Legion Post 12 in Somerville, New Jersey for four decades, where he held several key positions, such as Sergeant at Arms and Honor Guard. He has continued to provide numerous memorial services for fellow veterans and servicemen during his time at the American Legion Post 12. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the Sixteenth Congressional District, I would like to sincerely congratulate William, his grandson, Michael, and the rest of their family on this amazing milestone and life achievement. 
f 
CELEBRATING COMMERCE TOWNSHIP COMMUNITY LIBRARY 
HON. DAVID A. TROTT 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to cel-ebrate the opening of the new Commerce Township Community Library. Since 2005, the Commerce Township Com-munity Library has served the residents of Commerce Township and Wolverine Lake by providing a wealth of knowledge for those of every generation. This year, they moved to a new location, one more centrally located within our commu-nity, representing the vital role they play as an educational epicenter for residents. Commerce Township Community Library’s new location now offers a children’s reading room, allowing our community’s youngest minds to foster their creativity and imagination in a space created just for them. The over 10,000 additional square feet of-fered by their new facility allows staff to con-tinue to curate and grow their collection while preserving the vast knowledge already housed on their shelves. In an age of ever-changing technology, the dedicated staff who serve at Commerce Town-ship Community Library have ensured they continue to evolve in a 21st century world, of-fering eBooks, eAudiobooks, and eMagazines, along with free technology classes. As a place of learning and discovery, I ap-plaud the Commerce Township Community Li-brary for the vital role they play in fostering the continued learning and intellectual growth of our entire community. I look forward to wit-nessing all of the great work they continue to do as they serve our community from their new facility. f 
ANNIVERSARY OF THE L’AMBIANCE PLAZA COLLAPSE 
HON. JAMES A. HIMES 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, April 23rd marked the thirtieth anniversary of one of the gravest tragedies in the history of the State of Con-necticut: the collapse of L’Ambiance Plaza, a 16-story tower under construction in Bridge-port. I rise today to extend my condolences and pay tribute to the 28 workers who lost their lives in the collapse, the 22 survivors whose lives were forever changed, and the countless first responders and volunteers who spent ten days searching the debris for their friends and neighbors. The victims were family in the House of Labor—a collection of carpenters, ironworkers, and pipefitters—whose tragic and preventable deaths remind us that we must never give up the fight for safer workplaces. Today, 30 years on since this tragedy at L’Ambiance Plaza, I give my sincere thanks to the Fairfield County Labor Council, the Fair-field County Building Trades, the Connecticut State Building Trades and the Connecticut AFL–CIO—all of whom have advocated for safer construction sites and workplaces. We owe it to the victims of this disaster to advo-cate for measures that make Connecticut’s workplaces safer and protect the good men and women of Connecticut’s workforce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K02MY8.001 E02MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE582 May 2, 2017 
THE FIRST 100 DAYS OF THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY AND ITS IMPACT ON MINORITY COMMU-NITIES 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, May 1, 2017 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, thank you, Con-gressman V
EASEY , Congressman M CEACHIN  and Congresswoman P
LASKETT , for organizing tonight’s special order hour on environmental justice and Trump’s 100 days: ‘‘What do we have to lose?’’ I’d also like to thank Chair R
ICHMOND for his tireless leadership as the CBC continues to be the conscience of the Congress. Mr. Speaker, we have a lot to lose under this administration—who at every turn—wants to roll back protections for our communities and for our environment. And make no mis-take: communities of color are most impacted by these decisions and often bear the brunt of climate change and pollution. In my home district, West Oakland residents are disproportionately exposed to dirty air pol-lution that is 90 times higher than the average Californian. 90 times. As a result, many West Oakland residents experience more asthma attacks, heart failures and strokes. On aver-age, West Oakland residents have a higher death rate than other Californians just be-cause of where they live. This is a shame and a disgrace. But these inequalities are not new. In 2013, the American Academy of Allergy and Asthma found that one in six African American children and one in nine Latino chil-dren suffered from asthma compared to just 1 in 15 white children. These numbers are unac-ceptable and they should be a wake-up call to all of us to do more to fight for environmental justice. But with the current administration we must be ready for an uphill battle. Last weekend marked President Trump’s 100 days in office—which is really just 100 days of chaos, corruption, and dysfunction. In fact, the Trump administration has shown in the past 100 days that they are more com-mitted to padding their pockets than protecting our planet. In three months, they have: Approved the Keystone pipeline Approved the Dakota Access Pipeline Proposed devastating cuts to the EPA And allowed dumping of coal mining waste into our streams. And with every executive order rolling back President Obama’s progress on climate change issues, the current administration lives up to its belief that saving our planet is ‘‘a waste of [America’s] money.’’ But I stand here today to say ‘‘Not on our watch.’’ Our children’s air, drinking water and futures depend on our ability to hold corporations ac-countable for their emissions and waste. For some in our country, this is literally a matter of life and death, as communities of color are more likely to live near polluting fa-cilities or be ignored when they notice high levels of lead in their water systems. We are all connected to our environment. It impacts everyone. It is time we recognize that an injus-tice anywhere is a threat to justice every-where. Mr. Speaker, the past 100 days have shown us that this will be a long and arduous battle. But we cannot afford to get tired—our very ex-istence is at stake. We must continue to build a movement that can fight back against the constant attacks on our communities and on our planet. That’s why we’re here today as members of the Congressional Black Caucus: to show unified resistance by fighting for our communities, our environment, and especially our planet. f 
RECOGNIZING DR. CLIFF L. WOOD 
HON. NITA M. LOWEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize Dr. Cliff L. Wood, who will retire from his position as President of Rockland Community College in Suffern, New York, this June. Dr. Wood has dedicated more than 50 years of service to community college education, having served in senior management positions at five institutions. In his 13 years as President of Rockland Community College, Dr. Wood has spearheaded several important initiatives including a subsidized childcare center for stu-dents and teachers and a new technology center, and has overseen growth in the Col-lege’s enrollment, community involvement and workforce development. His tireless efforts at the College have helped improve the lives of thousands of students. In addition to his work at Rockland Commu-nity College, Dr. Wood has volunteered his leadership to many organizations, including Big Brothers Big Sisters, the Rockland Holo-caust Museum & Study Center, Rockland Business Association, and Rockland Economic Development Corporation. He served as Presi-dent of the New York Community College As-sociation of Presidents, and is a member of New York Governor Andrew Cuomo’s Mid- Hudson Regional Economic Development Council. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Wood’s many accomplish-ments in higher education, economic develop-ment and civic involvement have had an unde-niably positive impact on the communities he has served. I commend him for his out-standing work, and I urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating him for his five dec-ades of dedicated service. 
f 
MAHAM SEWANI SELECTED TO REPRESENT TEXAS AT CON-GRESS OF FUTURE MEDICAL LEADERS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Maham Sewani of Sugar Land, for being chosen to represent Texas as a Del-egate at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders by the National Academy of Future Physicians and Medical Scientists. Maham was nominated for this position thanks to her excellent academic record and desire to enter the medical profession. Through this program, she will meet some im-portant leaders in the medical field, including Nobel Prize winners and top medical school deans. The Congress of Future Medical Lead-ers is hosted to help motivate the top students in the country to pursue their desired careers in the medical field. Maham is a student at Awty International School and a member of its debate team. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Maham Sewani for being selected for this honor. We are extremely proud and expect great things from her in the future. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MATTHEW BUTSON ON HIS OFFER OF AP-POINTMENT TO ATTEND THE UNITED STATES NAVAL ACAD-EMY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to pay special tribute to an out-standing student from Ohio’s Fifth Congres-sional District. I am pleased to announce that Matthew Butson of Metamora, Ohio has been offered an appointment to the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland. Matthew’s offer of appointment permits him to attend the United States Naval Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2021. At-tending one of our nation’s military academies not only offers the opportunity to serve our country, but also guarantees a world-class education while undertaking one of the most challenging and rewarding experiences of their lives. Matthew brings an enormous amount of leadership, service, and dedication to the in-coming Class of 2021. While attending St. John’s Jesuit High School in Toledo, Ohio, Matthew was a member of the National Honor Society, as well as serving on student council and as class vice president his senior year. Throughout high school, Matthew partici-pated in football and basketball, serving as co- captain of the football team his senior year. I am confident that Matthew will carry the les-sons of his student and athletic leadership to the Naval Academy. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Matthew Butson on the offer of his appointment to the United States Naval Academy. Our service academies offer the fin-est military training and education available. I am positive that Matthew will excel during his career at the Naval Academy, and I ask my colleagues to join me in extending their best wishes to him as he begins his service to our Nation. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TOM MARINO 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend votes on May 1, 2017 due to a family medical issue. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: YEA for rollcall vote 237, YEA for rollcall vote 238, and YEA for rollcall vote 239. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY8.001 E02MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE583 May 2, 2017 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S FIRST 100 DAYS LEAVE AMERICA WEAKER 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, this past Saturday marked President Donald Trump’s 100th day in the White House. Over the last 100 days, Mr. Trump’s policy proposals, irre-sponsible rhetoric, and controversial appoint-ments have made our families and commu-nities less secure, our businesses less con-fident about the future, and our nation more isolated in the world. Despite total Republican control of Con-gress, President Trump has been incapable of governing responsibly. Just this week—be-cause of Republican dithering—Congress was forced to pass another stopgap spending bill to keep the government open for just seven days, denying Americans the certainty they deserve. The first 100 days have revealed a Presi-dent who is proposing legislation and taking executive actions that hurt working Americans at every turn. TrumpCare, the Republicans’ disastrous health care bill, leaves 24 million Americans uninsured and causes out-of-pocket costs to skyrocket. It forces older Americans to pay higher premiums, rations health care for vul-nerable children, seniors, and people with dis-abilities, and weakens the solvency of Medi-care. Huge opposition from Democrats and active, engaged citizens has stopped this legislation for now, but Mr. Trump is still working to sabo-tage the Affordable Care Act. He has even threatened to cause the total collapse of our health care system and undermine the cov-erage we all depend on for purely political pur-poses. That is despicable. If working families were unsettled by Mr. Trump’s threat to their health care, his pro-posed budget shows just how far backwards he wants to take our country. He wants to slash job training programs, hurt American seniors by cutting Meals on Wheels, slow down our communities by gutting infrastructure funding, and eliminate important investments in health research, education, and the arts and humanities. And Mr. Trump’s backwards budg-et strips the Environmental Protection Agency of the resources it needs to protect public health and safety. As the Ranking Member of the House Inte-rior-Environment Appropriations Sub-committee, I know that the attack on the EPA’s budget is just one part of Mr. Trump’s all-out war on clean air, clean water, and our public lands. In his first 100 days, Mr. Trump and EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt have un-done protections for clean water, allowed the continued use of dangerous neurotoxins, and reversed clean air rules that help stem the threat of climate change. In doing so, they have repeatedly ignored the findings of their own scientists. Mr. Trump and Mr. Pruitt’s denial of climate science and pledges to withdraw the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement are transforming our nation from the global leader in combating climate change into an environ-mental rogue state. The only winners? Billion-aires, the fossil fuel industry, and polluters that profit at the expense of our families, our com-munities, and our planet. Billionaires and big corporations are also the big winners in Mr. Trump’s so-called tax re-form plan. His proposal amounts to a massive giveaway to the wealthiest Americans adding trillions to the federal debt and leaving working families holding the bag. Since Mr. Trump has broken with precedent and kept his tax returns secret, we can only speculate about how much he and his family businesses will benefit from his tax plan. In fact, until Mr. Trump releases his tax re-turns, a cloud of suspicion will hang over his entire White House. Given that Russia inter-fered in our electoral process to help Mr. Trump win the election and his first National Security Adviser, Michael Flynn, left amid a Russia-related scandal, Americans deserve a complete and independent investigation. Yet Congressional Republicans continue to cover up for President Trump and are still blocking accountability and transparency. Every time President Trump has made alarming decisions, from an unconstitutional ban on immigrants and refugees to attacks on women’s health care at home and abroad, mil-lions of engaged Americans have spoken up and spoken out against his dangerous and di-visive policies. In Minnesota, I have seen engaged citizens make their voices heard at my town hall meet-ings and vibrant demonstrations, like the Women’s March, the Tax March, and the March for Science. There is a consensus among the tens of thousands of Minnesotans I have spoken to: We want America to move forward and we will work to resist and stop Trump administration policies and proposals that take our nation backwards. After President Trump’s first 100 days, it is clear that we must join together to hold his White House accountable. In the next 100 days, and all the days that follow, I will keep standing alongside my constituents fighting for the values we believe in. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 47TH ANNUAL CAP-TO-CAP PROGRAM 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Sacramento Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce—and, in particular, Program Chair Erica Taylor—for leading the 47th Annual Capitol-to-Capitol program this year. As this delegation of business, civic and political representatives from the six-county Sacramento region concludes its program in Washington, D.C., I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing these fine Sacramentans. For nearly 50 years, the Sacramento Metro Chamber has organized an annual delegation lobbying program in Washington, D.C. This year, over 300 leaders from the Sacramento region descended on the capital for a series of meetings, field tours, and receptions to speak collectively as a unified voice for Sacramento’s business community. The delegation of volun-teers organized itself into 12 policy commit-tees covering key priority issues for the Sac-ramento region, such as flood protection, transportation, health care, and workforce de-velopment. I always enjoy meeting with the delegation teams and hearing about a variety of topics that are important to my hometown. I would especially like to commend the 2017 Cap-to-Cap Chair, Erica Taylor of Golden One Credit Union. As a leader in the community, Erica spends her time serving on boards and organizations with the goal of improving Sac-ramento for all. She has immersed herself in Chamber activities for years, including serving as a founding member of MetroEDGE, grad-uating from the Chamber’s Leadership Sac-ramento Program, and serving on the Cham-ber’s board of directors. Outside of the Cham-ber, Erica currently serves on the board of di-rectors for KVIE, the Los Rios Foundation, and Sacramento Covered. Her commitment to the Sacramento Region is clear from her ex-tensive civic involvement, and I want to con-gratulate her on the impeccable job she did organizing and leading this year’s Cap-to-Cap program. Mr. Speaker, in large part due to Erica’s leadership, Cap-to-Cap this year was a signifi-cant success for the Sacramento region. I am honored to recognize the Metro Chamber’s delegation for its economic and civic contribu-tions to the Sacramento Region. On behalf of the people of Sacramento and the Sixth Con-gressional District of California, I ask all my colleagues to join me in commending their un-wavering commitment to Sacramento’s growth and development. f 
JUN-YONG WINS TEXAS STATE BAR ESSAY CONTEST 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Jun-Yong Kim of Katy, for placing first in the State Bar of Texas Law Day writing contest. The theme of this year’s competition was ‘‘The 14th Amendment: Transforming Amer-ican Democracy.’’ Jun-Yong won first with his essay, ‘‘Monsters of My American Dream,’’ which explores the meaning of the 14th Amendment through his perspective—a South Korean immigrant. Jun-Yong represented the Katy Bar Association and will be recognized for his first place win at the Texas Law Center in Austin, TX, where he will receive a $1,000 scholarship. Jun-Yong is a student at Seven Lakes High School. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Jun-Yong for winning first place in the State Bar of Texas Law Day contest. We are very proud of his talented work and look forward to his future successes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY8.006 E02MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE584 May 2, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF ABIGAIL YEAGER ON HER OFFER OF AP-POINTMENT TO ATTEND THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to pay special tribute to an out-standing student from Ohio’s Fifth Congres-sional District. I am pleased to announce that Abigail Yeager of Holland, Ohio has been of-fered an appointment to the United States Mili-tary Academy in West Point, New York. Abigail’s offer of appointment permits her to attend the United States Military Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2021. Attending one of our nation’s military academies not only offers the opportunity to serve our country, but also guarantees a world-class education while undertaking one of the most challenging and rewarding experiences of their lives. Abigail brings an enormous amount of lead-ership, service, and dedication to the incoming Class of 2021. While attending Springfield High School in Holland, Ohio, Abigail estab-lished a tutoring program at Holland Elemen-tary School, received a Youth Jefferson Award for Public Service, and was ranked third in her class. Throughout high school, Abigail participated in soccer, cross-country, track and field, and swimming, earning multiple varsity letters. Abi-gail also served as a Student Ambassador to the Springfield Local Schools Board of Edu-cation. I am confident that Abigail will carry the lessons of her student and athletic leadership to the Military Academy. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Abigail Yeager on her offer of appointment to the United States Military Academy. Our service academies offer the fin-est military training and education available. I am positive that Abigail will excel during her career at West Point, and I ask my colleagues to join me in extending their best wishes to her as she begins her service to our Nation. 
f 
TO HONOR THE LIFE OF FDNY FIREFIGHTER WILLIAM TOLLEY 
HON. GRACE MENG 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with the support of my colleague, Congress-man S
UOZZI , to honor the life, service, and bravery of New York City firefighter William Tolley, who was killed in the line of duty on April 20, 2017. Congressman S
UOZZI and I are saddened that New York has lost such a beloved hero. William Tolley was a courageous firefighter with Ladder Company 135 in Glendale, Queens and a respected community member on Long Island. Thousands attended his fu-neral at St. Martin of Tours Church in Bethpage, Long Island, and many Long Island residents decorated their streets with red rib-bons in remembrance. William’s memory was also honored in Queens as the flag at the fire-house of Engine Company 286/Ladder Com-pany 135 was flown at half-mast on the evening of his death. In addition, many Queens residents paid their respects with a makeshift memorial outside the firehouse on Myrtle Avenue. We believe that William’s dedi-cation to protecting Queens citizens from harm and his service to the Queens community will never be forgotten. As a heroic New York City Fire Department (FDNY) veteran for fourteen years, William not only risked his life in the line of duty for his profession, but he also volunteered at the Bethpage Fire Department on Long Island. Congressman SUOZZI and I commend Wil-liam’s unwavering selflessness that led him to dedicate both his career and free time to pro-tecting fellow community members. William was not only a hero in the FDNY, but he was a beloved father, husband, broth-er, friend, and neighbor. Outside of the uni-form, William enjoyed being the drummer in a heavy metal band and being an active pres-ence in his daughter’s school. William is sur-vived by his wife, Marie, and his 8-year old daughter, Isabella. Congressman S
UOZZI and I offer our deep-est condolences to William’s family, friends, and the FDNY during this difficult time. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF HOUSE CON-CURRENT RESOLUTION EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF CON-GRESS THAT THE PARTHENON MARBLES SHOULD BE RE-TURNED TO GREECE 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to introduce a Concurrent Resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the Parthenon Marbles, currently held in the British Museum, should be returned to Greece. Approximately 200 years ago, while Greece was under Ottoman rule, the British nobleman Thomas Bruce, seventh Earl of Elgin, removed over 100 pieces of sculptures known as the Parthenon Marbles and trans-ported them to the United Kingdom. The Mar-bles were part of a frieze that adorned the Temple of Athena. In 1816, the British Par-liament voted to purchase the Marbles from Lord Elgin and they now reside in the British Museum. The other half of the Marbles that comprise the frieze are in the New Acropolis Museum in Athens alongside plaster replicas of the Marbles that were taken. Despite years of good faith efforts by the Greek Government to retain the Marbles, it has been unable to negotiate an agreement with its British coun-terparts to return the Marbles to Greece. I am pleased that several Members of the British Parliament have recently expressed support for transferring ownership of the Mar-bles back to Greece and return these cher-ished artifacts to their rightful home. The Par-thenon marbles are some of Greece’s greatest examples of artistic expression and beauty, and should be on display in their country of or-igin. They are vital pieces of Greek history that belong to the Greek people. This resolution calls upon the two countries to come to an agreement to finally return these treasures to their rightful home. I want to thank Rep. GUSBILIRAKIS , with whom I co-chair the Congressional Caucus on Hellenic Issues, and Rep. D
ONALD PAYNE , Jr. for joining me as co-sponsors on this impor-tant resolution. Rep. P
AYNE ’s father and our former colleague, the late Rep. Donald Payne Sr., was a great champion in this effort to re-turn the Parthenon Marbles to Greece. I am proud to continue to call for an agreement that will put an end to this centuries-old dispute, and I urge my colleagues to support this reso-lution. 
f 
WELCOME ALEXANDER FANCOURT MORRIS, JR. 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I am happy to congratulate Alex Morris, the Deputy District Director of the Second Con-gressional District of South Carolina, and his wife, Rebekah, on the birth of their son. Alex-ander Fancourt ‘‘Court’’ Morris, Jr. was born at 3:19 a.m. on Wednesday, April 12, 2017, at Palmetto Health Baptist in Columbia, South Carolina. Court weighed eight pounds and fif-teen ounces and measured 21 and 
1⁄4inches long. He is the first child for the happy couple and I look forward to watching him grow as he is raised by talented parents who will be dedi-cated to his well-being and bright future. I would also like to congratulate Court’s grandparents, Debra Morris of Elgin, South Carolina, and Major General Robert and Bar-bara Livingston of West Columbia, South Carolina. Congratulations to the entire Morris and Livingston families as they welcome their newest addition of pure pride and joy. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote numbers 237, 238 and 239. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on votes 237, 238 and 239. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF OLGA BUDKE ON HER OFFER OF APPOINT-MENT TO ATTEND THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to pay special tribute to an out-standing student from Ohio’s Fifth Congres-sional District. I am pleased to announce that Olga Budke of Findlay, Ohio has been offered an appointment to the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Olga’s offer of appointment permits her to attend the United States Air Force Academy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02MY8.009 E02MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE585 May 2, 2017 
this fall with the incoming Class of 2021. At-tending one of our nation’s military academies not only offers the opportunity to serve our country, but also guarantees a world-class education while undertaking one of the most challenging and rewarding experiences of their lives. Olga brings an enormous amount of leader-ship, service, and dedication to the incoming Class of 2021. While attending Saint Wendelin Catholic School in Fostoria, Ohio, Olga was a member of the National Honor Society and was ranked first in her class. Throughout high school, Olga was a USA gymnastics competitor and participated in ka-rate, archery and cross country. She also ob-tained her private pilot’s license. I am con-fident that Olga will carry the lessons of her student and athletic leadership to the Air Force Academy. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Olga Budke on the offer of her appointment to the United States Air Force Academy. Our service academies offer the fin-est military training and education available. I am positive that Olga will excel during her ca-reer at the Air Force Academy, and I ask my colleagues to join me in extending their best wishes to her as she begins her service to our Nation. 
f 
JOHNNY SPIRES NAMED PEARLAND POLICE CHIEF 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Johnny Spires of Pearland, TX, for being named Police Chief of the Pearland Police Department. Johnny has over 27 years of law enforce-ment experience, having worked as a police officer, Sergeant, Lieutenant and Assistant Chief of Police. As Chief, he’ll oversee the budget, 17 divisions and over 200 Pearland City employees, while further strengthening community ties and ensuring its safety. His years of distinguished service in the Police Department will serve him well in his new role. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Johnny Spires, the new Police Chief of the Pearland Police Department. All of Pearland will benefit from him and his commitment to safety. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SALVATION ARMY OF MONROE COUNTY 
HON. TIM WALBERG 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Salvation Army of Monroe County for 100 years of service in the commu-nity. The Salvation Army of Monroe County ac-tively ministers to both the physical and spir-itual needs of those in our area. Under the leadership of Maj. Louise Bless-ing and Lt. Karl Blessing, the organization cur-rently provides a wide range of programs, in-cluding a food pantry, homeless shelter, youth programs, emergency assistance, casework services, worship services, and much more. Through all these initiatives, they offer a helping hand to the most vulnerable and spread God’s love in their sphere of influence. Mr. Speaker, organizations like the Salva-tion Army of Monroe County are woven into the very fabric of our community. They play a critical role in rebuilding lives, restoring hope, and serving those in need. I ask my colleagues to join me in cele-brating the Salvation Army of Monroe County’s 100 year anniversary, and I pray for many more years of fruitful contributions to the com-munity. f 
H. RES. 187, RELATING TO EF-FORTS TO RESPOND TO THE FAMINE IN SOUTH SUDAN 
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I’d like to thank Con-gresswoman B
ASS, for bringing forth this crit-ical resolution. I am proud to join my col-leagues today in support of H. Res. 187, Re-lating to efforts to respond to the famine in South Sudan. Mr. Speaker, as many of us know, the fam-ine in South Sudan is one of the worst human-itarian crises since World War II. Fighting and violence has forced over 3 million people from their homes, driven the South Sudanese peo-ple into famine, and threatens the country’s independence. As we approach South Su-dan’s winter season, communities facing fam-ine will become inaccessible to humanitarian groups as roads become flooded, proving a dire need for our support and relief. Our responsibilities as elected officials ex-tend much farther than the boundaries of our districts. It is our congressional responsibility to support U.S. Agency for International Devel-opment in its efforts to provide aid for those facing this devastating crisis and collaborate with relief organizations to ensure that families are receiving essential resources. If we do not act now, we jeopardize the mil-lions of lives, put the long term security of South Sudan on the line, and threaten our goal for global peace. While a resolution and aid alone cannot solve this problem, it can save lives. We must continue our bipartisan efforts, and move for-ward to allocate $1 billion in aid to ensure that all people have access to fundamental needs. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT COLO-NEL TRENTON J. CONNER FOR HIS SERVICE TO THE NATION 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to salute the service of Lieutenant Colonel Tren-ton J. Conner, who has served his nation and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania admirably as Commander of the Letterkenny Munitions Center (LEMC) in Chambersburg, Pennsyl-vania. Lieutenant Colonel Conner was installed as commander of LEMC in 2015, and has since led a dynamic effort to modernize both the fa-cilities and logistical technology that allow Letterkenny to operate as one of our nation’s most efficient and effectual munitions centers. His leadership has helped turn LEMC into the Army’s premier munitions center, orchestrating the distribution, maintenance, and demilitariza-tion of munitions from around the globe. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s 9th District, I want to thank Lieutenant Colonel Conner for his selfless service, and moreover highlight the sense of purpose with which he has han-dled every project managed in his time at Letterkenny Munitions Center. His leadership and the progressive changes he has made will live on, and it is with the utmost appreciation with which I wish him the best as he continues to serve his nation in new capacities. As he passes the guidon, I take great pleas-ure in congratulating Lieutenant Colonel Conner on his prodigious accomplishments. I thank him for his tireless devotion to duty and continued service to the state and to the na-tion. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ALLENA ROSE ON HER OFFER OF APPOINT-MENT TO ATTEND THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to pay special tribute to an out-standing student from Ohio’s Fifth Congres-sional District. I am pleased to announce that Allena Rose of Toledo, Ohio has been offered an appointment to the United States Military Academy in West Point, New York. Allena’s offer of appointment permits her to attend the United States Military Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2021. Attending one of our nation’s military academies not only offers the opportunity to serve our country, but also guarantees a world-class education while undertaking one of the most challenging and rewarding experiences of their lives. Allena brings an enormous amount of lead-ership, service, and dedication to the incoming Class of 2021. While attending Whitmer High School in Toledo, Ohio, Allena was a member of the National Honor Society, student council and was ranked in the top five percent of her class. Throughout high school, Allena participated in varsity and club volleyball, including serving as a floor captain. Allena also participated in the Spirit Club and Mu Alpha Theta honors so-ciety. I am confident that Allena will carry the lessons of her student and athletic leadership to the Military Academy. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Allena Rose on her offer of appointment to the United States Military Academy. Our service academies offer the fin-est military training and education available. I am positive that Allena will excel during her career at West Point, and I ask my colleagues to join me in extending their best wishes to her as she begins her service to our Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A02MY8.014 E02MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE586 May 2, 2017 
JOHN COBEAGA 
HON. DINA TITUS 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to say goodbye and Godspeed to a longtime friend, John Mitchell Cobeaga. Mitch, his wife Sylvia, and their children have lived next door to us for some thirty years. We often hid the ‘‘pre-sents from Santa’’ in our garage until Christ-mas morning when the children could be sur-prised by shiny new bikes. His law office was also next to my congressional office in down-town Las Vegas and I often visited with him there. Mitch was well respected for his advocacy work for fellow veterans. Mitch graduated from the U.S. Airforce Academy and was a proud member of the 20th Cadet Squadron, ‘‘Tough Twenty Trolls.’’ He became a Wild Weasel fighter pilot and flew over 100 combat mis-sions in Vietnam. After his military service, he founded the Veterans Ask-a-Lawyer program, a free legal program to help vets in need. Mitch also had a reputation as a hero for the little guy in the courtroom where he had a commanding presence. He contributed to many of Nevada’s largest cases, including the one involving the 1988 perchlorate explosion at the Pacific Engineering and Production Company which killed two people and caused billions of dollars in damage throughout the Henderson area. His colleague Robert Murdock noted that ‘‘he had a hand in men-toring most of the lawyers in Southern Nevada at one point or another’’ and should be hon-ored by having a courtroom named for him. Sylvia said that Mitch will be remembered for his intelligence, sense of morality, and the importance he placed on family. And he never took himself seriously, she said. He always had time for everyone he passed in the court-room, office, and around town. We will all miss his warm laughter, his kind words, and his sage counsel very much. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH CENTRALIA 
HON. A. DONALD McEACHIN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, this year marks the 150th Anniversary of First Baptist Church Centralia, founded in 1867 in Chester-field County, Virginia Originally Salem African Baptist Church, the African American con-gregation held its first 30 years of services under an arbor made of brush on a modest one-acre plot. The first building was officially erected in 1897 under the leadership of the Reverend T. H. Johnson, incorporating Gothic Revival and Colonial Revival style elements. Later this building was remodeled by Rev-erend William Thomas into the historic building we know today as Centralia, featuring its sig-nature twin towers. Under the leadership of Reverend Samuel Carter and Dr. Wilson E. Brown Shannon the church grew as a con-gregation and as a spiritual beacon for its members. Dr. Shannon extended the reach of the church by expanding the Samuel Moss Carter Family Life Center to accommodate up to 150 preschool children, banquet amenities to accommodate 750 occupants, and other family life ministry facilities including an indoor Olympic sized swimming pool. Shortly after the groundbreaking of this highly anticipated Family Life Center, the His-toric First Baptist Church Centralia was de-stroyed by fire on April 16, 1996. Rebuilt to original specifications in 1997 following the arson attack, a rededication ceremony was held in celebration. On November 22, 2014, the Historic First Baptist Church Centralia was designated a Chesterfield County Historic Landmark. A Virginia Historical Highway Mark-er was also erected in recognition of its histor-ical and architectural significance in November 2015. As First Baptist Church Centralia celebrates its 150th year anniversary, may your efforts and continued courage to spread the gospel of God through oratory teachings, community in-volvement and leadership be commended. f 
HONORING LOUIS FARINELLA 
HON. ROBERT A. BRADY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my sorrow at the loss of my friend Louis Farinella. Lou was one of the most dynamic men I know. He worked his way up from the bottom of the Philadelphia Electric Company to the post of Administration Manager. That was a sign of his talent. He was a Democratic Committeeman in the Ward 66 B for 45 years. He was also Chair-man of the Parkwood Civic Association Zoning Committee. Those were signs of his commit-ment to his community. He worked for me at the Philadelphia Democratic City Committee for 22 years. That was a sign of his loyalty. But most of all, Lou was Florence’s loving husband for 56 years. They had two children, Louis III and John and four grandchildren, John, Ryan, Tyler and Angela. He loved and was loved by his sister, Marie. Those were all signs of his heart. Mr. Speaker, Lou probably never knew how important he was to me. But, I know it. I miss him and I ask all of my colleagues to join me in giving the condolences of the House of Representatives to his family. 
f 
KATY PRINCIPAL NAMED DISTIN-GUISHED PRINCIPAL FINALIST 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Kwabena Mensah of Katy, for being named as a Texas National Distin-guished Principal finalist by the Texas Ele-mentary Principals and Supervisors Associa-tion (TEPSA). Out of 123 nominations, only eight were se-lected as finalists for this prestigious honor. The National Distinguished Principal is the highest honor a principal can achieve, with the winner receiving $10,000 and a trip to Wash-ington, DC, in the fall. Kwabena is the prin-cipal at Polly Ann McRoberts Elementary School and was chosen as a finalist for being an engaging leader who’s created a unique learning environment. This year, Kwabena was named Principal of the Year at Katy Inde-pendent School District and the Texas Alliance of Black School Educators. Way to go. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Kwabena Mensah for earning this distinc-tion. Our children benefit from his commitment to education and we thank him for his hard work. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ELIZABETH SHAFFER ON HER OFFER OF AP-POINTMENT TO ATTEND THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to pay special tribute to an out-standing student from Ohio’s Fifth Congres-sional District. I am pleased to announce that Elizabeth Shaffer of Hicksville, Ohio has been offered an appointment to the United States Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs, Colo-rado. Elizabeth’s offer of appointment permits her to attend the United States Air Force Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2021. At-tending one of our nation’s military academies not only offers the opportunity to serve our country, but also guarantees a world-class education while undertaking one of the most challenging and rewarding experiences of their lives. Elizabeth brings an enormous amount of leadership, service, and dedication to the in-coming Class of 2021. While attending Hicks-ville High School in Hicksville, Ohio, Elizabeth was a member of the National Honor Society and class president. Throughout high school, Elizabeth served as team captain on the basketball, track, and volleyball teams, and participated in the marching band. I am confident that Elizabeth will carry the lessons of her student and ath-letic leadership to the Air Force Academy. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Elizabeth Shaffer on the offer of her appointment to the United States Air Force Academy. Our service academies offer the finest military training and education avail-able. I am positive that Elizabeth will excel during her career at the Air Force Academy, and I ask my colleagues to join me in extend-ing their best wishes to her as she begins her service to our Nation. 
f 
GIRLS OF STEEL 
HON. MICHAEL F. DOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02MY8.020 E02MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE587 May 2, 2017 
Girls of Steel Robotics team on winning the Engineering Inspiration Award at the 2017 Greater Pittsburgh Regional FIRST Robotics Competition in California, PA. This award cele-brates outstanding success in advancing re-spect and appreciation for engineering within a team’s school and community, and it qualified them to attend Championships in St. Louis April 26–29, 2017 for the seventh year in a row. This was their best year at Champion-ships, where they ranked 28 out of 68, with 6 wins, 3 losses, and 1 tie match. I think that placing so high nationally and winning the Engineering Inspiration award at the regional competition speaks volumes about the dedication these young women have demonstrated in pursuing Science, Tech-nology, Engineering, and Math careers, sus-taining their team, and collectively spending thousands of hours doing outreach in the com-munity. Girls of Steel are often referred to as the hometown favorite robotics group and con-tinue to be featured in videos, print media, and blog posts. In October 2016, they were rep-resented at The White House Frontiers Con-ference in Pittsburgh where President Obama recognized the Girls of Steel teams. George Kantor, Senior Systems Scientist at Carnegie Mellon University’s Field Robotics Center, won the prestigious Woodie Flowers Finalist Award at the Greater Pittsburgh Re-gional competition. This award is presented to mentors in the robotics competition who best lead, inspire, and empower their teams using excellent communication skills. FIRST, which stands for ‘‘For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology,’’ is an organization dedicated to engaging stu-dents in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) fields. The FIRST Robotics Competition allows students to apply creativity and critical thinking in the demanding and competitive field of robotics, all while instilling a strong sense of pride in the participants. Hundreds of thousands of students gain prac-tical, team-based engineering experience through FIRST every year. As a founder and co-chair of the Congres-sional Robotics Caucus, I believe competitions like these are important tools for helping young people to explore potential careers in STEM. I’ve witnessed firsthand the remarkable economic growth and job creation that these fields can bring in my home district, and I strongly believe that these fields are crucial to our nation’s future prosperity. I want to com-mend organizations like FIRST for the impor-tant work they do in encouraging young peo-ple to pursue STEM careers. Sixty-three young women from 8th through 12th grades associated with schools located in and around Pittsburgh represent this year’s Girls of Steel program, and in recognition of their hard work, intelligence, and teamwork, I would like to mention each of these inspiring young ladies by name. They are Alexandria Adams, Abhi Ajay, Aeryn Anderson, Peyton Balkovec, Arushi Bandi, Emilia Bianchini, Emma Burnett, Rosy Chen, Maya Cranor, Maansi Dasari, Hope DiGioia, Riley Doyle, Sofia Heller, Kristina Hilko, Madelyn Human, Rozie Fero, Corinne Hartman, Anna Jablonowski, Caroline Kenney, Isabelle Kowenhoven, Mary Laird, Jisue Lee, Agathe Legault, Rosie Li, Alice Liu, Sally Liu, Gayathri Manchella, Eve Mango, Jordan Martinez, Maia McCabe, Svea McCann, Sree Mekala, Chey-enne Meyers, Abbey Murcek, Anna Nesbitt, Anne Kailin Northam, Jimin Oh, Helen Paulini, Lehka Pendyala, Ananya Rao, Priya Ray, Maı¨te´Sadeh, Rachel Sadeh, Lauren Scheller- Wolf, Sarah Seay, Alexa Selwood, Swathi Senthil, Kriti Shah, Vivian Shao, Lauren Shovlin, Makayla Shreve, Amari Smith, Imani Smith, Kavya Soman, Ace Song, Adison Staskiewicz, Je´anMarie Trichel, Mikayla Trost, Langley Turcsanyi, Anja Vogt, Janet Wang, Rebecca Wettergreen, and Ziya Xu. Additionally, I want to convey my sincere appreciation to the faculty and staff of Car-negie Mellon University’s Field Robotics Cen-ter, who have mentored the Girls of Steel since 2010. Because of their efforts, more young women experience real-world techno-logical challenges and learn from some of the nation’s best at solving such problems. These experiences will certainly benefit these young women in the future, no matter what careers they eventually choose to pursue. I congratulate the Girls of Steel and wish them all continued success in their academic and professional endeavors. 
f 
HONORING KATHY KRUSE 
HON. JOSEPH P. KENNEDY III 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kathleen Kruse, a long-time mem-ber of Senator Ted Kennedy’s staff and a tire-less advocate for arts and cultural policy. Kathy is stepping down from her role as Vice President of Institutional Affairs and Assistant Secretary of the Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, where she has served with distinction for the past seven years. Kathy had a long and accomplished career in the Senate as the Cultural Policy Advisor and Senior Counselor for Senator Kennedy for 30 years. In this capacity and throughout her tenure, she was the staff liaison for Senator Kennedy to the Kennedy Center’s Board of Trustees. During her time in the Senate, she was a fierce advocate for arts organizations nationally, authored key Kennedy Center legis-lation and served as a trusted liaison to and friend of the Kennedy family. I would also like to acknowledge the gen-erosity of Kathy’s daughter, Sasha, who has supported her mother’s work in public service, and shared her with us during her many late nights in the Senate and at the Kennedy Cen-ter. Kathy is a fixture in the arts and cultural landscape in Washington, DC and across the country, and she will be dearly missed. We are certain that she will find tremendous suc-cess in her next professional ventures and that she will enjoy spending more time with her family. On behalf of the Kennedy Center’s Board of Trustees, I offer my sincere gratitude to Kathy for her many contributions to the United States Congress, the Kennedy Center and our nation. REMEMBERING FORMER BOULDER CITY MAYOR ROBERT STANLEY FERRARO HON. JACKY ROSEN 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-member and commemorate the life of Robert Stanley Ferraro, a pillar in our community and one of the longest-serving public officials in Nevada history, who passed away last week at the age of 81. Robert Ferraro served on the Boulder City Council for 31 years and was Boulder City’s first elected mayor, and successfully stood for election nine times. He knocked on every vot-er’s door, and provided leadership to one of the most unique communities in our state. Bob led the effort to maintain Boulder City’s character as a special community, and to be the ‘‘Clean, Green Boulder City’’ that many of my constituents call home, and thousands visit each year. He was named Nevada Public Official of the Year in 1986, Community Leader of the Year in 2001, and led a life that was a true Amer-ican success story, coming from humble be-ginnings to be one of the great civic leaders in our state. He will be greatly missed, and my thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends. 
f 
PIMA COUNCIL ON AGING—50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. RAU´L M. GRIJALVA 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate Pima Council on Aging on its 50th anniversary of service to older adults and their families in Congressional Dis-trict Three. As one of the nation’s oldest Area Agencies on Aging, Pima Council on Aging (PCOA) has advocated on behalf of older adults since the days when 30 percent of Americans aged 60 and older lived in poverty. That number has been reduced by nearly two-thirds over the past five decades, but there is much work still to be done. PCOA’s efforts are tireless and they continue to be at the forefront of advo-cacy and services to older adults in Pima County. The work done by PCOA and the aging services network is more critical now than ever before. Each day, up to 10,000 baby boomers are turning 65 and over the next twenty years, 75 million baby boomers will reach retirement age. In Pima County, older adults are the fastest growing portion of the population. Continuing to work towards solu-tions and support systems to combat pressing concerns like the fear of falling and under-standing the Medicare system are paramount to PCOA’s success and our communal suc-cess. Over the years, I’ve come to know the orga-nization well. Since the beginning, Marian Lupu was the zealous driving force behind better care and programs for older adults in Pima County, the State of Arizona, nationally, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02MY8.025 E02MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE588 May 2, 2017 
and even internationally. One such initiative for better care was creating one of the first case management service systems for older adults in the United States in the early 1970s. After her retirement, I’ve watched PCOA thrive in the Tucson community, being a staple in the community for my constituents and many others across the county. They have contin-ued as the leading force behind services that support older adults in living with dignity and independence in Tucson and throughout Pima County. Thank you for continuing to be a voice for change in our community. I look forward to working with PCOA in the future to advocate on behalf of older people in southern Arizona. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SAMUEL KOVALESKI ON HIS OFFER OF APPOINTMENT TO ATTEND THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MA-RINE ACADEMY 
HON. ROBERT E. LATTA 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to pay special tribute to an out-standing student from Ohio’s Fifth Congres-sional District. I am pleased to announce that Samuel Kovaleski of Findlay, Ohio has been offered an appointment to the United States Merchant Marine Academy in Kings Point, New York. Sam’s offer of appointment permits him to attend the United States Merchant Marine Academy this fall with the incoming Class of 2021. Attending one of our nation’s military academies not only offers the opportunity to serve our country, but also guarantees a world-class education while undertaking one of the most challenging and rewarding experi-ences of their lives. Sam brings an enormous amount of leader-ship, service, and dedication to the incoming Class of 2021. While attending Findlay High School in Findlay, Ohio, Sam was a member of the Distinguished Honor Roll and student athletic leadership team. Throughout high school, Sam participated in football, basketball, and track, serving as co- captain of the football team his senior year. I am confident that Sam will carry the lessons of his student and athletic leadership to the Merchant Marine Academy. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Samuel Kovaleski on the offer of his appointment to the United States Merchant Marine Academy. Our service acad-emies offer the finest military training and edu-cation available. I am positive that Sam will excel during his career at the Merchant Marine Academy, and I ask my colleagues to join me in extending their best wishes to him as he begins his service to our Nation. f 
TRIBUTE TO YOUNG STAFF MEM-BERS FOR THEIR CONTRIBU-TIONS ON BEHALF OF THE PEO-PLE OF THE 18TH CONGRES-SIONAL DISTRICT OF TEXAS AND THE UNITED STATES 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, May 2, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as Mem-bers of Congress we know well, perhaps bet-ter than most, how blessed our nation is to have in reserve such exceptional young men and women who will go on to become leaders in their local communities, states, and the na-tion in the areas of business, education, gov-ernment, philanthropy, the arts and culture, and the military. We know this because we see them and benefit from their contributions every day. Many of them work for us in our offices as jun-ior staff members, congressional fellows, or in-terns and they do amazing work for and on behalf of the constituents we are privileged to represent. Mr. Speaker, I believe there is no higher calling than the call to serve a cause larger than ourselves. That is why I ran for public of-fice. I was inspired to serve by President Ken-nedy who said, ‘‘Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country,’’ and by the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. who said: ‘‘Everybody can be great because anybody can serve. . . . You only need a heart full of grace. A soul generated by love.’’ By this measure, there are several other great young men and women who served as volunteers this year in my offices. They may toil in obscurity but their contributions to the constituents we serve are deeply appreciated. That is why today I rise to pay tribute to four extraordinary young persons for their service to my constituents in the 18th Congressional District of Texas and to the American people. They are: Marieme Foote from Ithaca College; Naomi Mulugeta from Texas Tech University; Mitch Kuhlman, from American University; and Alexandria Johnson from the Madeira School. Mr. Speaker, the energy, intelligence, and idealism these wonderful young people brought to my office and those interning in the offices of my colleagues help keep our democ-racy vibrant. The insights, skills, and knowl-edge of the governmental process they gain from their experiences will last a lifetime and prove invaluable to them as they go about making their mark in this world. Because of persons like them the future of our country is bright and its best days lie ahead. I wish them all well. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that such thoughtful committed young men and women can be found working in my office, those of my colleagues, and in every community in America. Their good works will keep America great, good, and forever young. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:02 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A02MY8.028 E02MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with REMARKS
D478 Tuesday, May 2, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2659–S2685 Measures Introduced: Twelve bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 1001–1012, and S. Res. 149.
                                                                  Page S2680 
Measures Passed: Space Weather Research and Forecasting Act: Senate passed S. 141, to improve understanding and forecasting of space weather events, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute.
                                                                     Pages S2672–74 
Modernizing Government Travel Act: Senate passed H.R. 274, to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employ-ees traveling on official Government business. 
                                                                                            Page S2683 
DHS SAVE Act: Senate passed H.R. 366, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Secretary for Management of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to make certain im-provements in managing the Department’s vehicle fleet, after agreeing to the committee amendments. 
                                                                                    Pages S2683–84 
National Safe Digging Month: Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation was dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 137, supporting the goals and ideals of National Safe Digging Month, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                                                                              Pages S2684–85 
World Malaria Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 149, supporting the goals and ideals of World Ma-laria Day.
                                                                       Page S2685 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 61 yeas to 37 nays (Vote No. EX. 118), Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a Member of the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission for a term expiring June 5, 2021.
                                                              Page S2685 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Marshall Billingslea, of Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Terrorist Financing, Department of the Treasury. Russell Vought, of Virginia, to be Deputy Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget.                                                                                             Page S2685 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2679 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2679 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                            Pages S2679–80 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2680–81 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2681–83 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S2678–79 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2683 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—118)
                                                                Page S2677 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 5:59 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, May 3, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2685.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
U.S. EUROPEAN COMMAND Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies concluded open and closed hearings to ex-amine United States European Command, focusing on theater assessment and European Reassurance Ini-tiative (ERI) progress, after receiving testimony from General Curtis M. Scaparrotti, USA, Commander, United States European Command, Department of Defense. U.S. TRANSPORTATION COMMAND Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine United States Transportation Command, after receiving testimony from General Darren W. McDew, USAF, Commander, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02MY7.REC D02MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D479 May 2, 2017 
States Transportation Command, Department of De-fense. U.S.-EU COVERED AGREEMENT Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the United States-European Union covered agreement, after receiving testimony from Michael T. McRaith, former Director, Federal Insurance Office, Depart-ment of Treasury, Chicago, Illinois; Julie Mix McPeak, Tennessee Department of Commerce and Insurance Commissioner, Nashville, on behalf of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners; Michael C. Sapnar, Transatlantic Reinsurance Com-pany, New York, New York; Stuart Henderson, Western National Mutual Insurance Company, Ex-celsior, Minnesota, on behalf of the National Asso-ciation of Mutual Insurance Companies; and David Zaring, The Wharton School, Philadelphia, Pennsyl-vania. SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS AND COMMUNITY SELF DETERMINATION ACT AND THE PAYMENT IN LIEU OF TAXES PROGRAM Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine federal payments to local governments provided through the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self Determination Act and the Payment in Lieu of Taxes program and the need to provide greater fiscal certainty for re-source-dependent communities with tax-exempt fed-eral lands, after receiving testimony from Olivia Bar-ton Ferriter, Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Inte-rior for Budget, Finance, Performance and Acquisi-tion; Glenn Casamassa, Associate Deputy Chief, Na-tional Forest System, Forest Service, Department of Agriculture; Mayor David Landis, Ketchikan Gate-way Borough, Alaska; Gordon Cruickshank, Valley County, McCall, Idaho, and Mark Whitney, Beaver County, Milford, Utah, both on behalf of the Na-tional Association of Counties; Mike Manus, Pend Oreille County, Newport, Washington; and Mark Haggerty, Headwaters Economics, Bozeman, Mon-tana. NOMINATION Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Terry Branstad, of Iowa, to be Ambassador to the People’s Republic of China, Department of State, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senators Grassley and Ernst, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. RELIGIOUS HATE CRIMES Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine responses to the increase in reli-gious hate crimes, including S. 662, to provide in-centives for hate crime reporting, grants for State- run hate crime hotlines, a Federal private right of ac-tion for victims of hate crimes, and additional pen-alties for individuals convicted under the Matthew Shephard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Preven-tion Act, after receiving testimony from Eric Treene, Special Counsel for Religious Discrimination, Civil Rights Division, Department of Justice; Jonathan A. Greenblatt, Anti-Defamation League, and Prabhjot Singh, Mount Sinai Health System, both of New York, New York; Vanita Gupta, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, Wash-ington, D.C.; and Will D. Johnson, International Association of Chiefs of Police, Arlington, Texas. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 22 pub-lic bills, H.R. 2281–2302 and 5 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 51–52; and H. Res. 303–304, 306 were introduced.
                                                            Pages H3066–68 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H3068–69 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1679, to ensure that the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s current efforts to modernize its grant management system includes applicant ac-cessibility and transparency, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–107); and H. Res. 305, providing for consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 244) to encour-age effective, voluntary investments to recruit, em-ploy, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual Federal awards to employers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–108).               Page H3066 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Fleischmann to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H3005 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02MY7.REC D02MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD480 May 2, 2017 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:31 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H3008 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Ric Metzgar, Sr., The Church of God, Essex, MD.
                                                  Page H3009 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a recorded vote of 237 ayes to 176 noes with 3 answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 245. 
                                                                                    Pages H3050–51 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Russell wherein he resigned from the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
                                                                                    Pages H3012–13 
Committee Election: The House agreed to H. Res. 303, electing a Member to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
              Page H3013 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: Federal Emergency Management Agency Ac-countability, Modernization and Transparency Act of 2017: H.R. 1679, to ensure that the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s current efforts to modernize its grant management system includes ap-plicant accessibility and transparency, by a 2/3 yea- and-nay vote of 419 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 242.
                                        Pages H3022, H3026–38 
Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017: The House passed H.R. 1180, to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide compensatory time for employees in the private sector, by a recorded vote of 229 ayes to 197 noes, Roll No. 244. 
                                            Pages H3013–19, H3024–26, H3038–50 
Rejected the Scott (VA) motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Education and the Work-force with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea- and-nay vote of 192 yeas to 234 nays, Roll No. 243. 
                                                                                    Pages H3048–49 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–15 shall be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Education and the Workforce now printed in the bill.
                                                                                   Page H3038 
H. Res. 299, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1180) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 231 ayes to 193 noes, Roll No. 241, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 233 yeas to 190 nays, Roll No. 240. 
                                                                                    Pages H3024–26 Suspensions—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measures under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Disaster Declaration Improvement Act: H.R. 1665, amended, to ensure that Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency considers severe local impact in making a recommendation to the President for a major disaster declaration; 
                                                                                    Pages H3019–22 
Amending the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Re-lief and Emergency Assistance Act concerning the statute of limitations for actions to recover disaster or emergency assistance payments: H.R. 1678, amended, to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act concerning the statute of limitations for actions to recover disaster or emergency assistance payments; and 
                                                                                    Pages H3023–24 
Korean Interdiction and Modernization of Sanc-tions Act: H.R. 1644, amended, to enhance sanc-tions with respect to transactions relating to North Korea.
                                                                      Pages H3026–38 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H3019. Senate Referral: S. 371 was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs.
                                     Page H3064 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and three recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H3024–25, H3025–26, H3026, H3049, H3049–50 and H3050–51. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:58 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
THREE DECADES LATER: A REVIEW AND ASSESSMENT OF OUR SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES 30–YEARS AFTER THE CREATION OF U.S. SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerg-ing Threats and Capabilities held a hearing entitled ‘‘Three Decades Later: A Review and Assessment of Our Special Operations Forces 30–Years After the Creation of U.S. Special Operations Command’’. Tes-timony was heard from General Raymond A. Thom-as, U.S. Army, Commander, Special Operations Command; and Theresa Whelan, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations/ Low-Intensity Conflict. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02MY7.REC D02MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D481 May 2, 2017 
OVERVIEW OF THE ANNUAL REPORT ON SEXUAL HARASSMENT AND VIOLENCE AT THE MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMIES Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Personnel held a hearing entitled ‘‘Overview of the Annual Report on Sexual Harassment and Vio-lence at the Military Service Academies’’. Testimony was heard from Elizabeth P. Van Winkle, Per-forming the Duties of Assistant Secretary of Defense for Readiness, Office of the Secretary of Defense; Lieutenant General Robert L. Caslen Jr., Super-intendent, U.S. Military Academy; Vice Admiral Walter E. Carter Jr., Superintendent, U.S. Naval Academy; Lieutenant General Michelle D. Johnson, Superintendent, U.S. Air Force Academy; and public witnesses. EXAMINING IMPROVEMENTS TO THE REGULATION OF MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Improve-ments to the Regulation of Medical Technologies’’. Testimony was heard from Jeffrey Shuren, Director, Center for Devices and Radiological Health, Food and Drug Administration; and public witnesses. COMBATING WASTE, FRAUD, AND ABUSE IN MEDICAID’S PERSONAL CARE SERVICES PROGRAM Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Combating Waste, Fraud, and Abuse in Medicaid’s Personal Care Services Program’’. Testimony was heard from Christi Grimm, Chief of Staff, Office of Inspector General, Department of Health and Human Services; Timothy Hill, Deputy Director, Center for Medicaid and Children’s Health Insurance Program Services, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services; and Katherine Iritani, Director, Health Care, Gov-ernment Accountability Office. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 10, the ‘‘Financial CHOICE Act of 2017’’. WINNING THE FIGHT AGAINST HUMAN TRAFFICKING: THE FREDERICK DOUGLASS REAUTHORIZATION ACT Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Win-ning the Fight Against Human Trafficking: The Frederick Douglass Reauthorization Act’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINING THE CONSEQUENCES OF EXECUTIVE BRANCH OVERREACH OF THE ANTIQUITIES ACT Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Consequences of Executive Branch Overreach of the Antiquities Act’’. Testimony was heard from Paul LePage, Governor, Maine; Kathleen Clarke, Director, Public Lands Coordinating Office, Salt Lake City, Utah; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 2227, the ‘‘Mod-ernizing Government Technology Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2196, to amend title 5, United States Code, to allow whistleblowers to disclose information to cer-tain recipients; H.R. 2195, the ‘‘OSC Access Act’’; and H.R. 2229, the ‘‘All Circuit Review Act’’. H.R. 2227, H.R. 2196, and H.R. 2229 were ordered re-ported, without amendment. H.R. 2195 was ordered reported, as amended. EXAMINING THE MANAGEMENT OF RED SNAPPER FISHING IN THE GULF OF MEXICO Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on the Interior, Energy and Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Management of Red Snapper Fishing in the Gulf of Mexico’’. Tes-timony was heard from Earl Comstock, Director, Of-fice of Policy and Strategic Planning, Department of Commerce; Jamie M. Miller, Executive Director, De-partment of Marine Resources, Mississippi; and pub-lic witnesses. SENATE AMENDMENTS TO HOUSE BILL: HIRE VETS ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on Senate Amendments to H.R. 244, the ‘‘HIRE Vets Act’’. The Committee granted, by voice vote, a rule that provides for the consideration of Senate amend-ments to H.R. 244. The rule makes in order a single motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House con-cur in the Senate amendments numbered 2 and 3, and that the House concur in the Senate amendment numbered 1 with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–16 modified by the amendment printed in the Rules Committee re-port. The rule waives all points of order against con-sideration of the motion and provides that it shall not be subject to a demand for division of the ques-tion. The rule provides that the Senate amendments and the motion shall be considered as read. The rule provides one hour of debate on the motion equally 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02MY7.REC D02MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD482 May 2, 2017 
divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Appropriations. In section 2, the rule provides that the chair of the Committee on Appropriations may insert in the Congressional Record not later than May 3, 2017, such material as he may deem explanatory of the Senate amendments and the motion specified in sec-tion 1 of the rule. Finally, section 3 of the rule pro-vides that the chair of the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence may insert in the Congres-sional Record not later than May 3, 2017, such ma-terial as he may deem explanatory of intelligence au-thorization measures for the fiscal year 2017. Testi-mony was heard from Chairman Frelinghuysen, Chairman Bishop of Utah, Representatives Lowey, Polis, Graves of Louisiana, and Richmond. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 2105, the ‘‘NIST Small Business Cybersecurity Act of 2017’’. H.R. 2105 was ordered reported, as amended. OVERSIGHT OF U.S. AIRLINE CUSTOMER SERVICE Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of U.S. Airline Customer Service’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing on the ‘‘Veterans Appeals Improvement and Modernization Act of 2017’’. Testimony was heard from Representative Titus, David C. Spickler, Execu-tive in Charge, Acting Vice Chairman, Board of Vet-erans’ Appeals, Department of Veterans Affairs, and public witnesses. VA SPECIALIZED SERVICES: LOWER EXTREMITY CONDITIONS Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘VA Specialized Serv-ices: Lower Extremity Conditions’’. Testimony was heard from Jeffrey Robbins, Chief of Podiatry, Vet-erans Health Administration, Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and public witnesses. BUSINESS MEETING Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-mittee held a business meeting on consideration of access request. The committee granted access to all Members of the House the Classified Annex and Schedule of Authorizations that is anticipated to ac-company Division N of H.R. 244, the Consolidated Appropriations Act for 2017. Joint Meetings 
POST-REFERENDUM TURKEY Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Com-mission received a briefing on post-referendum Tur-key, focusing on institutions and human rights, from Henri Barkey, Wilson Center, Washington, D.C.; Beata Martin-Rozumilowicz, International Founda-tion for Electoral Systems, Arlington, Virginia; Nate Schenkkan, Freedom House, New York, New York, and Ebru Erdem-Akcay, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, MAY 3, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of Defense, to hold hearings to examine defense in-novation and research funding, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, to hold hearings to examine De-partment of Defense laboratories and their contributions to military operations and readiness, 10 a.m., SR–222. Subcommittee on Personnel, to hold hearings to exam-ine building a flexible personnel system (F.A.S.T. Force) for a modern military, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine the economy and private sector growth, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine investing in America’s broadband infrastructure, focusing on exploring ways to reduce barriers to deployment, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold hear-ings to examine infrastructure project streamlining and efficiency, focusing on achieving faster, better, and cheap-er results, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Multi-lateral International Development, Multilateral Institu-tions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environ-mental Policy, to hold hearings to examine global philan-thropy and remittances and international development, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Bureau of Investigation, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1177, the ‘‘Removing Outdated Restrictions to Allow for Job Growth Act’’, and H.R. 2154, to rename the Red River Valley Agricultural Research Center in Fargo, North Dakota, as the Edward T. Schafer Agricul-tural Research Center, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies, oversight hearing on the 2020 Census, 10:30 a.m., H–309 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02MY7.REC D02MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D483 May 2, 2017 Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies, hearing for public witnesses, 10:30 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, hearing for Mem-bers of Congress and outside witnesses, 10 a.m., HT–2, Capitol. Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Af-fairs and Related Agencies, hearing on the 2018 Veterans Affairs budget, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Seapower & Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Littoral Combat Ships and the Transition to Frigate Class’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Failures of Fiscal Management: a View from the Comptroller General’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislation Addressing Pipeline and Hydropower Infrastructure Modernization’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, to con-tinue markup on H.R. 10, the ‘‘Financial CHOICE Act of 2017’’, 9 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1625, the ‘‘Targeted Rewards for the Global Eradication of Human Trafficking Act’’; H.R. 1677, the ‘‘Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2200, the ‘‘Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Pre-vention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, mark-up on H.R. 625, the ‘‘Reporting Efficiently to Proper Of-ficials in Response to Terrorism Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1351, the ‘‘Strengthening Oversight of TSA Employee Misconduct Act’’; H.R. 2131, the ‘‘Fixing Internal Re-sponse to Misconduct Act’’; H.R. 2132, the ‘‘Traveler Re-dress Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2169, the ‘‘Im-proving Fusion Centers’ Access to Information Act’’; H.R. 2188, the ‘‘Community Counterterrorism Preparedness Act’’; H.R. 2190, the ‘‘Streamlining DHS Overhead Act’’; H.R. 2213, the ‘‘Anti-Border Corruption Reauthor-ization Act of 2017’’; the ‘‘Department of Homeland Se-curity Morale, Recognition, Learning and Engagement Act of 2017’’; the ‘‘Border Enforcement Security Task Force Reauthorization Act of 2017’’, 10:30 a.m., HVC–210. 
Task Force on Denying Terrorists Entry into the United States, hearing entitled ‘‘Denying Terrorists Entry to the United States: Examining Visa Secu-rity’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1892, the ‘‘Honoring Hometown Heroes Act’’; H.R. 1761, the ‘‘Protecting Against Child Exploitation Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1039, the ‘‘Probation Officer Protec-tion Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2266, the ‘‘Bankruptcy Judgeship Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing entitled ‘‘The Challenges of Keeping Hydropower Affordable and Opportunities for New Development’’, 2:30 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the FAFSA Data Breach’’, 9:30 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Oil and Gas Technology In-novation’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Empowering Small Businesses: The Accelerator Model’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘Maritime Transportation Regulatory Issues’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D02MY7.REC D02MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD484 May 2, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, May 3 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will be in a period of morning business. Senate expects to vote on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.J. Res. 66, Rule Relating to States Savings Arrangements for Non-governmental Employees, between 10:30 a.m. and 11 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, May 3 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of the Senate Amendments to H.R. 244—Honoring Investments in Recruiting and Employing American Military Veterans Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Brady, Robert A., Pa., E586 Doyle, Michael F., Pa., E586 Grijalva, Rau´l M., Ariz., E587 Himes, James A., Conn., E581 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E588 Kennedy, Joseph P., III, Mass., E587 Kinzinger, Adam, Ill., E581 Latta, Robert E., Ohio, E582, E584, E584, E585, E586, E588 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E582, E585 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E582 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E584 Marino, Tom, Pa., E582 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E583 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E583 McEachin, A. Donald, Va., E586 Meng, Grace, N.Y., E584 Olson, Pete, Tex., E582, E583, E585, E586 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E581 Rosen, Jacky, Nev., E587 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E585 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E584 Titus, Dina, Nev., E586 Trott, David A., Mich., E581 Walberg, Tim, Mich., E585 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E584 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:26 May 03, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D02MY7.REC D02MYPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with DIGEST