Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H5299 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 29, 2017 No. 112 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 29, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
ODY B. H
ICEto act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
GOP HEALTHCARE BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle have of-fered their share of passionate words about the GOP healthcare bill. And as can happen, the debate has been deeply polarized here, leaving Americans to wonder sometimes whether the facts get obstructed by the politics of the day. So I want to take a minute and share what some experts have had to say about the Republican healthcare pro-posal. These are not politicians; far from it. These words come from folks who operate outside the walls of Wash-ington’s halls and have dedicated themselves to fighting for those strug-gling with mental illness. According to the National Alliance on Mental Illness, the Republican healthcare plan will ‘‘force people with mental illness out of work, onto the streets, and into jails and emergency rooms.’’ The legislation ‘‘shows dangerous disregard for the well-being of people with substance use disorders and their families and erases decades of progress,’’ says the Association for Ad-diction Professionals. Mental Health America tells us that this bill ‘‘will ultimately do significant harm to people with all chronic condi-tions, including mental illness, while increasing the cost of healthcare to ev-eryone.’’ The National Association for Rural Mental Health agrees, saying, ‘‘these actions will leave millions of Ameri-cans with serious mental health and substance use conditions without life- sustaining and essential health insur-ance coverage, especially at a time when the Nation is suffering from the largest opioid epidemic in history.’’ In short, this bill would be, according to the American Psychiatric Associa-tion, ‘‘particularly devastating to the millions of Americans in need of men-tal health and substance use treat-ment.’’ Mr. Speaker, these groups are not po-litical organizations. They are doctors; they are healthcare professionals; they are patients; they are advocates who have dedicated their lives day and night to filling the gaps of a badly bro-ken mental health system. Take it from them. This is what TrumpCare is offering our country. This is what they are try-ing to sell us at a time when we are losing nearly 100 Americans a day to an opioid epidemic. This is what is being negotiated behind closed doors as we speak while the rest of us read reports that tell us that the death toll from opioids could reach well over half a million people in the next decade. So let me be clear: You cannot advo-cate for comprehensive mental health reform and then stand on the opposite side of nearly every major mental health organization in this country. You cannot claim to be a champion for those suffering from mental illness and then support a bill that guts funding for Medicaid, which is the largest payer of mental healthcare in this country. You cannot say that you are com-mitted to addressing the opioid epi-demic and then stand behind a piece of legislation that gives insurance compa-nies cover to deny those patients addic-tion treatment and to tell those in the grips of addiction to summon just a lit-tle more will. You have to choose: With these fami-lies or with this bill? Which side are you on? f 
JULY AS PARKS AND RECREATION MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I introduced a resolution with Congresswoman N
IKI T
SONGAS to designate July as Parks and Recreation Month. It is a fitting time to celebrate our Federal, State, and local parks and recreation systems as so many start this summer season by visiting these facilities that are available within our communities or even a short commute. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 406 recognizes the important role that public parks, recreation facilities, and activities plays in the lives of Americans and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.000 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5300 June 29, 2017 
contributions of employees and volun-teers who work daily to maintain pub-lic parks across the Nation. As a lifelong resident of rural Penn-sylvania and an avid outdoorsman, I strongly support our Nation’s parks and recreation facilities. Our parks provide countless recreational and edu-cational opportunities for individuals and families to engage in the outdoors. This resolution simply recognizes and supports Parks and Recreation Month and the many benefits, includ-ing health benefits, that a healthy ac-tive lifestyle contributes in our park settings that is provided to all Ameri-cans. Our parks generate opportunities for people to come together and experience a sense of community. They pay divi-dends to communities by attracting businesses and jobs and increasing housing values. In the United States, public park op-erations and capital spending generates nearly $140 million in economic activ-ity annually. Ninety percent of people in the United States agree that public park recreation activities and facilities are important government services, a fig-ure that displays a base of support that spans across all people in the country regardless of race, income, gender, or political party affiliation. Nearly 75 percent of Americans agree that it is important to ensure all mem-bers of their community have equitable access to public parks and recreation facilities. The most economically sound communities are those with ample and healthy public parks and recreation facilities and activities. In fact, a key factor in business expansion and location decisions is the quality of life for employees, with a premium placed on adequate and accessible pub-lic parks and open space. Mr. Speaker, public parks and recre-ation facilities foster a variety of ac-tivity that also contribute to a healthier society. People who use pub-lic parks and open spaces are three times more likely to achieve rec-ommended levels of physical activity than nonusers. Americans living within a 10-minute walk of a park have a higher level of physical activity and lower rates of obesity. Recreation programs at public parks provide children with a safe place to play, access to healthy foods, opportu-nities to be physically active, and en-richment facilities that help prevent at-risk behavior such as drug abuse and gang involvement. Mr. Speaker, as our Nation cele-brates Independence Day next week, scores of Americans will visit public parks and recreation facilities to spend time outdoors with family, friends, and neighbors. We are blessed with beau-tiful outdoor facilities. I wish everyone a safe and happy Fourth of July. Get out and enjoy the parks in your area. CUTS TO MEDICAID The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of children and adults living with disabilities across the United States. The cuts to Medicaid outlined in the dangerous Senate healthcare repeal bill will not only result in the loss of healthcare access for millions of Amer-icans, but will also significantly reduce funding for In-Home Supportive Serv-ices in my home State of California. Medicaid covers 50 percent of the pro-gram costs for In-Home Supportive Services. These funds provide care for an estimated 531,000 disabled children and seniors throughout California, which permits them to continue to live with dignity in their own home. The $772 billion cut to Medicaid out-lined in this bill will have a dev-astating impact on seniors and people with disabilities who rely on Medicaid as their safety net for necessary long- term care services. These cuts will directly affect the lives of my constituents, including 15- year-old Crystal from Santa Maria, California, in my district. Crystal was born with spina bifida, weighing in at just 2 pounds. She has survived under the dedicated care of her mother and grandmother, who are her primary caretakers. Crystal is covered by Med-icaid, which allows her to receive spe-cialized medical attention, adaptive medical equipment, physical therapy, and pharmaceuticals. Crystal’s condi-tion requires 24-hour care, a need that is fulfilled by the In-Home Supportive Services program. Her life is contin-gent upon this program. I call upon my colleagues in the Sen-ate to vote against this cruel healthcare repeal, also known as TrumpCare, for Crystal and the mil-lions of our constituents like her who are at risk of losing their quality of life. 
f 
PLAYER OF THE YEAR The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Logan Aleshire, a senior at St. Cloud Tech High School, on recently being named the Minnesota High School Class AAA Baseball Player of the Year by the Minnesota State High School Baseball Coaches Associa-tion. Logan is a star athlete, and due to his leadership and skills as a pitcher and shortstop, he helped lead his team to an undefeated season in this year’s State tournament. Logan excelled on the field this year, but we have known about him for a while. In fact, he has been a three-time All-Central Lakes Conference pick, and just last year he was a Times Baseball All-Area Team selection. While his high school baseball career is coming to a close, I have no doubt we will see great things from this young man both athletically and scho-lastically in the future. We look for-ward to seeing what he will accomplish next. A FARM FAMILY TO CELEBRATE  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Kreitlow and Ford family on being recently named the 2017 Farm Family of the Year. Built in 1898, the Kreitlow farm has been passed from generation to genera-tion for more than a century, with each generation teaching the next about hard work and successful farm-ing. Today, the Kreitlow farm is suc-cessfully operated by Willard Kreitlow, his daughter Marienne, and her hus-band Jerry Ford. The farm was once a dairy operation, but since 1990, the farm has mainly be-come a vegetable and pasture oper-ation. However, the work the Kreitlow and Ford family has accomplished goes far beyond the fresh produce they har-vest. In fact, this hardworking family goes above and beyond by striving to educate others through their work with the Sustainable Farming Associa-tion of Minnesota. I want to thank the Kreitlow and Ford family for not only providing quality food for Minnesotans, but also for educating others about the benefits of sustainable farming and giving back to their community. Our State is a healthier place because of their dedi-cated work. 
50 YEARS OF GIVING BACK  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank the United Way of Cen-tral Minnesota for helping families throughout our communities escape poverty for an incredible 50 years. Over the past half century, the United Way of Central Minnesota has raised more than $100 million, allowing them to help fund other nonprofits who provide services that help Minnesota families in need. It is largely because of the generous contributions from the United Way of Central Minnesota that the Boys and Girls Club of Central Minnesota was able to get off the ground in the 1970s and to be able to grow into what it is today. Thankfully, the United Way of Cen-tral Minnesota continues to grow strong. In fact, they recently an-nounced their latest partnership with the St. Cloud School District to create neighborhood resource centers for stu-dents and their families. It is inspiring to see an organization solely devoted to helping others. Sometimes when someone is down on their luck, all it takes is a helping hand to get them back on their feet. On behalf of thousands of Minneso-tans, I would like to thank the United Way of Central Minnesota for being that helping hand for the past 50 years, and we look forward to many success-ful years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.002 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5301 June 29, 2017 
b1015 GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, in the 4 years that I have been privi-leged to represent the remarkable peo-ple and amazing communities of Illi-nois’ Second Congressional District, I have come to this floor many times to urge action. I have called for a budget that in-vests in jobs, farmers, and rural com-munities. I have called for action to ad-dress the trillion-dollar student debt crisis. I have called for real solutions that make healthcare affordable for all American families. I have spoken on many issues facing this House, but nothing I have spoken on is more im-portant than protecting American lives. I have begged for commonsense re-forms that prevent children from being shot while playing at a playground. I have begged; I have pleaded; I have screamed; I have cried; and I have even ground the people’s House to a halt with last year’s historic sit-in. What answer was I given? Was I given answers to take home to grieving mothers and police widows? Was I able to tell them that their loved one’s death wasn’t in vain and that we were going to do something to save the next life? No. I was met with silence, and worse, an active effort to silence my voice and the voice of millions of Americans. So I ask myself: Why? What is the issue? Why can’t I, an elected Rep-resentative of the American people who draws my authority directly from the United States Constitution, get some-thing done to save lives? Why can’t we get a vote on commonsense, lifesaving legislation that is supported by 90 per-cent of Americans and more than 70 percent of NRA members? Mr. Speaker, tragically, the answer is simple. It is greed. Mr. Speaker, what is the cost of your inaction? It seems that $5,950 you took from the NRA matters more to you than the 7,490 Americans we have al-ready lost this year to gun violence. Mr. Speaker, the American people de-serve to know that just 79 cents for an American life is the cost of your si-lence and inaction. Well, Mr. Speaker, it might be easy for you to ignore the connection be-tween those dollars and the lives lost, but I cannot—and I will not—ignore it. I will not let you ignore or forget it ei-ther. I am going to stand here and remind you, remind the people of Wisconsin’s First District, and remind all Ameri-cans that money matters more to you than these American lives. One dollar— one name. One dollar—one grieving family. One dollar—one lost American: One dollar—Xavier Joy, 23, was a suc-cess story. He was playing football at Morehouse, was an AmeriCorps volun-teer, and wanted to change Chicago for the better; Two dollars—Blair Holt, 16, was killed shielding his friend on a CTA bus; Three dollars—Hadiya Pendleton, 15, killed just weeks after performing at President Obama’s inauguration. While Chicago might make headlines, gun violence is killing people in every community, in every city, and in every town, including Wisconsin’s First Dis-trict. Four dollars—Paramjit Kaur, 41, killed while trying to pray; Five dollars—Satwant Singh Kaleka, 65, killed at the temple he founded; Six dollars—Prakash Singh, 39, a reader at his temple; Seven dollars—Sita Singh, 41, killed by a White nationalist for wearing a turban; Eight dollars—Ranjit Singh, 49, mur-dered at his church; Nine dollars—Suveg Singh, 84, killed while expressing his love for his God; 10 dollars—Harry Canady, Jr., 20, killed sitting on a porch in Racine; 11 dollars—Sean Bialas, 23, of Keno-sha, shot and killed while physically unable to defend himself; 12 dollars—David Bauspies, 36, of McHenry, accidently shot and killed in East Troy; 13 dollars—Jose Torres, 36, murdered on the 1600 block of Holmes Avenue in Racine; 14 dollars—Nicholas Chaulkin, 17, of Racine, killed by a domestic abuser, likely while defending his mother; 15 dollars—David Tilton, 37, of Janes-ville; 16 dollars—James Norris, 37, was killed at his job as a restaurant deliv-ery driver in Racine; 17 dollars—Jeremy Trawitzki, 38, killed in Muskego; 18 dollars—Thomas Kruse, 41, killed in Muskego; 19 dollars—Joseph Hensel, 27, killed in Elkhorn; 20 dollars—Andrew Jones, Jr., 27, also killed by his friend in Racine; 21 dollars—Maurice Carter was shot and killed in a Racine County robbery; 22 dollars—Carl Nichols, 26, shot and killed by a friend in Kenosha. 
f 
AMERICA: LAND OF OPPORTUNITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, one thing that we can all agree on is that America is the land of opportunity. Our beautiful country has remarkable stories about those young and old, who, through adversity, have gone on to achieve great things. Those human stories are often the best way for us to demonstrate why our country is so special. I would like to share two stories with you this morning. Emily Torchiana recently visited my office while she was here in Wash-ington, D.C., after being chosen for a Jefferson Award for community serv-ice. Just last week, she was also award-ed the Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Award for Public Service. Emily is from Collegeville, in my congressional district, and, after her own experience with severe cyberbullying led to a sui-cide attempt, she began telling her story. Emily found people would reach out to her after each speech to share their own experiences and thank her for being so open with her journey. She is now the founder of a nonprofit focused on mental health advocacy, awareness, and services. Emily’s nonprofit supports mental health workshops in schools as well as workshops for parents and teachers so adults can learn how to support chil-dren and young adults suffering from mental illness. The mission statement of Emily’s nonprofit includes working to reduce the stigma surrounding men-tal health, something I believe is a critical aspect for us all as we continue to develop and advance solutions for those facing mental illness. Quoting from Emily’s nonprofit website, she writes: ‘‘My hope is that the more people who will open up about their struggles, the more others will feel comfortable reaching out for help. . . . Unlike physical illnesses, these mental illnesses are not seen, but that does not mean they are not there. I hope this will give us all the oppor-tunity to walk briefly in the shoes of the fellow human beings we come across every day.’’ Emily’s work is an inspiration to us all. Congratulations, Emily, for being recognized for your outstanding service to communities across our country, and we wish you the best of luck with your career. Ammar Al-Rubaiay is another young adult who has an inspiring and remark-able story. A reporter in my congres-sional district recently shared Ammar’s story with me, and I want to take a moment to share a story about opportunity, hard work, and a young man fulfilling his dreams. A native of Baghdad, Iraq, Ammar became a naturalized U.S. citizen in 2015. He was participating in a youth exchange program that transferred him to West Vincent Township, in Penn-sylvania’s Sixth Congressional Dis-trict, where he attended Owen J. Rob-erts High School and ultimately at-tended Westtown School. Ammar came face to face with al- Qaida before his move. In a column in 2009, journalist Michael Rellahan re-membered reading Ammar’s college essay. Mr. Rellahan wrote: ‘‘In striking de-tail, Ammar recalled the day in June 2007 when he sat in his classroom at the Gifted Students School in his native Baghdad and a teacher came in to an-nounce simply that: ‘They are here—al- Qaida.’’ Ammar wrote in his journal: ‘‘At that time, I felt like I was a few min-utes away from death, getting closer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.005 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5302 June 29, 2017 
every second. I was scared, but not be-cause I thought that I was going to die. I was scared because I was thinking about what might happen to my family when they heard that I got killed. My dad always told me, ‘Don’t go to school; your life is more important than your education,’ but I never lis-tened, and I always argued with him because I believe that my education was important enough to take the risky chance.’’ The gunman entered the room, looked around, and went away. They stole some cars, but left everyone alive. Ammar recalled: ‘‘Those seconds felt like years; they were the longest seconds in my life.’’ Here is the great part of the story: It is not a story; it is real life. Ammar was granted political asylum, and in 2013, he graduated from Bard College and has since completed medical school, moving on to a career to help others and improve their healthy lives. We should be proud of him and the thousands of other young men and young women every day who are fight-ing through adversity to achieve, who will go on to make this a greater coun-try than it already is; and it is a re-minder to all of us in what is, at times, a very divisive political environment that the reason that we do these jobs is to make sure that we are providing op-portunity for the next generation, and it is they who will make our country an even greater place. It is their achievements that are the cornerstone of our country and a great reminder to all of us that we are a special country with special people doing great things every single day. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ) for 5 minutes. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to associate myself with the com-ments and remarks of the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. K
ELLY ) with regard to being mindful of the deaths from gun violence that plague our commu-nities all across the country, and par-ticularly as the summer has begun, these deaths will continue. Mr. Speaker, I would like to speak today about another kind of gun vio-lence that makes our streets and homes unsafe, and that is the deadly encounters between civilians and po-lice officers. Mr. Speaker, I have wracked my brain trying to understand these deaths. I have grieved with the moth-ers who have lost their children. I have met with experts and attended roundtables on how to find a way to mitigate these fatal police encounters. Let me tell you, I think I can propose a solution that we can all support, and that is H.R. 3060, the Preventing Trage-dies Between Police and Communities Act, which would link law enforcement training on deescalation techniques to receipt of Federal Byrne JAG funds. Now, Mr. Speaker, I certainly wish that I could take full credit for this concept because I think that this legis-lation would both save civilian lives and police lives; however, this idea is rooted in the Police Executive Re-search Forum report which both Re-publicans and Democrats have cited. It was written by police officer peers and by police officer experts. Mr. Speaker, what they found is that police academies require 58 hours of training on how to use a firearm and another 49 hours on other defensive tactics. While they don’t require, they offer 8 voluntary—1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8—8 voluntary hours on how to employ de-escalation tactics in crisis interven-tion. We need to require this deescala-tion training. This deescalation training cur-riculum would be to use verbal and physical tactics to avoid escalating the situation, use the lowest level of force as possible and a safe response to iden-tified threats, and be aware of mental health and substance abuse issues and crisis intervention strategies in order to appropriately respond. This training would provide police with the tools they need to prevent violent inter-actions and save not only their lives, but the lives of civilians, too. We know that kids are out of school and that the tensions in our streets are high. Police are on alert, and far too many of us are distrustful of the police due to the painful and frightful memo-ries of how many deadly encounters have dominated headlines—close to 1,000 in 1 year. How can this Congress recess for the summer and not take up this bill? Yes, the Affordable Care Act is a big issue here before us in Congress, but if you live in communities of color around the country, the immediate healthcare issue for you is being shot by a police officer who has been sworn to protect you. b1030 If you die at age 12, like Tamir Rice, who was shot by police for playing with his sister on a playground in Cleveland, how can you be concerned with Med-icaid? If you are killed at 31 years old, like Dontre Hamilton, who was shot 14 times by police for resting on a park bench in Milwaukee, nursing home care is not your priority. You won’t have the good fortune of living that long. I ask my colleagues to prioritize pre-serving lives by supporting this legisla-tion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RETIRED COLONEL ROBERT A. ATOR, II The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for 5 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize one of Arkansas’ finest, Colonel Robert A. Ator, II, of Little Rock. A veteran of the United States Air Force, Colonel Ator retired on June 3, 2017, after proudly serving our country for 28 years. Before joining the Arkan-sas National Guard, Colonel Ator served 11 years on Active Duty with the United States Air Force. He is a veteran of several major combat oper-ations, including Operation Desert Shield, Operation Desert Storm, Oper-ation Provide Comfort, Operation Pro-vide Promise, Operation Joint Forge, and Operation Noble Eagle. Ator is a graduate of the U.S. Air Force Academy, where he married Michelle, his wife of 28 years, just 3 days after graduation. Today, his son, Cadet Third Class Robert A. Ator, III, is a sophomore. Colonel Ator is the recipient of nu-merous awards and medals, including the Legion of Merit, the Meritorious Service Medal with two oak leaf clus-ters, the Air Medal, the Aerial Achieve-ment Medal with one oak leaf cluster, and the Air Force Commendation Medal with one oak leaf cluster. Colonel Ator is an example that all Arkansans and Americans can admire. I wish him and his family the very best in their future endeavors. SALINE COUNTY CAREER AND TECHNICAL  
EDUCATION CENTER  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the proposed plans for a career and technical education center in my district. Lamont Cornwell of the Saline Coun-ty Economic Development Corporation presented detailed plans to the Arkan-sas Economic Development Commis-sion on June 8 for a center that is spe-cifically aimed at training our State’s skilled workforce community. The center would allow students to enroll in science and technology career preparatory classes, careers that will only become more invaluable as our Nation moves forward. The center will impact parents and children of all socioeconomic statuses and positively change our technical ca-reer education environment in central Arkansas. As co-chair of the Congressional Skilled American Workforce Caucus, I was encouraged to see the recent pas-sage of H.R. 2353, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education Act. I am encouraged to see leaders in Saline County step up and embrace a passion for our skilled workforce community. 
HONORING FOSTER PARENTS  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the importance of foster families around Arkansas and the orga-nizations dedicated to their recruit-ment. According to recent Arkansas data, the number of foster youths has out-paced the number of spaces available in foster homes by 1,283. Many families have already stepped up to the plate to provide a loving home for children in the foster system. One such family, Andrew and Amy Baker of Searcy, Arkansas, was re-cently named Foster Family of the Year by our State’s Division of Chil-dren and Family Services for their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.006 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5303 June 29, 2017 
dedicated efforts to reunify foster chil-dren with their biological parents. In addition, there are organizations around our State that have been at the forefront of recruitment efforts for fos-ter families, including 50 families in the month of April alone. One such organization is entitled The CALL, locally directed by Lauri Currier, who notes that a stable, loving home can make a huge difference in a child’s life, specifically with regard to escaping the grasp of neglect and abuse. Today I want to emphasize Ms. Currier’s statement that if one family from each of the 6,000 churches around Arkansas came forward to adopt, no more children would ever be waiting for a forever family. 
FISHING WITH A HERO SUMMER PROGRAM  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a hands-on mentorship program in my district created through a partnership between the Bryant Po-lice Department and the Boys and Girls Clubs of Bryant. The summer program entitled ‘‘Fish-ing with a Hero’’ pairs Boys and Girls Clubs students with local police heroes to bond over the longstanding, joyful pastime of fishing. Through a 2-day fishing instruction program, local police officers are able to build quality mentoring relation-ships with students in traditionally un-derserved or impoverished commu-nities. Along with being one of the students’ favorite programs, the established rela-tionships aid in creating long-term bonds between our law enforcement of-ficers and local youth. The stability and prosperity of our local communities hinges on mutual respect between our citizens and our law enforcement officers. The creation of genuine relationships at a young age ensures the longevity of that impor-tant respect. 
HONORING ROBIN CREOLE AND DANNY REVIS  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the recent selfless actions of two extraordinary individuals in the Second Congressional District of Ar-kansas, Robin Creole and Danny Revis. Both men work tirelessly in the Ben-ton School District transportation pro-gram. 
f 
MEDICAID IS A LIFELINE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, how many of us here have had an aging parent, a grandparent, an aunt or uncle who could no longer stay in their home alone? Seniors with Alzheimer’s, de-mentia, and other special needs, some-one to watch over them at home so they don’t get lost or injure themselves or leave the stove on and injure others? Seniors with Parkinson’s who need help to walk, to move, to get out of their chair, seniors too frail to care for themselves, or need long-term rehabili-tation after a fall and an injured hip or an injured femur? How many of us have worried about where they would live and how they would get the care that they need? And oftentimes, the real question is: How are they going to pay for that care? Most people work their entire lives, save for retirement, pay into the sys-tem, yet still find themselves strug-gling to afford the care that they need. Both parents in middle class families have to work to barely make ends meet; no money and nobody home to care for their parents or grandparents. I understand the tough decision. You want to keep your loved one close, you want to care for them yourself, but you have to work and make ends meet to barely keep going. That is why most of the 1.4 million people across the coun-try living in nursing homes rely on Medicaid. For Americans in nursing homes, Medicaid is a lifeline. That is why TrumpCare’s Medicaid cuts would dev-astate our Nation’s seniors, leaving the 64 percent of nursing home residents who depend on Medicaid out in the cold. In fact, nursing homes account for 42 percent of Medicaid spending. Under TrumpCare, many seniors will lose their nursing home care, grand-mothers with disabilities would find it harder to be cared for, harder to walk, harder to eat, harder to bathe. Nursing homes give patients a safe and caring place to recuperate when they are weakened by disabilities but don’t need to be in a hospital, and they provide families peace of mind knowing that their loved one has a safe and caring place to get around-the-clock care. That is why we must stop TrumpCare. We cannot allow these deep cuts to Medicaid threaten the health of our seniors. We cannot rip these services away from the most vul-nerable among us. We must put seniors first. We must give voice to vulnerable seniors. Let’s put people above partisanship, and so-lutions above ideology. I oppose TrumpCare, and I will con-tinue to fight to protect care for sen-iors and for all Americans. f 
RECOGNIZING RON AND DIANE WITHEM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor two lifelong servants from the State of Nebraska, former Speaker of Legislature Ron Withem and his wife, Diane. Speaker Withem is retiring this month from 2 decades with the Univer-sity of Nebraska, where he has served as the associate vice president for uni-versity affairs and the director of gov-ernmental relations. As we see the end of one’s historic ca-reer, we are reminded of the positive impact one person can have on so many. Ron and Diane Withem have selflessly dedicated their lives to the State of Nebraska both in educating our youth as well as through the legis-lative process. The impact they have made on the entire State of Nebraska is evident all around us in Nebraska. The story of the Withems is one full of many accomplishments. After mov-ing to Papillion, Ron and Diane both became respected teachers in our local school district. Prior to entering poli-tics, Ron was a teacher of history. Diane spent nearly 4 decades teaching in the Papillion-LaVista schools and prepared many students for college and success, including my own chief of staff, Mark Dreiling. As leaders in our Democratic Party, Diane and Ron’s political journey began in 1976, when they campaigned for Hess Dyas during the U.S. Senate primary. Later that year, they both worked for another former Second Dis-trict Congressman, John Cavanagh, in the general election. Following Con-gressman Cavanagh’s victory, Ron served as a congressional aide in his local office. By the 1980s, Ron was a member of the Papillion-LaVista School Board and was a member of the Papillion Planning Commission. When the legis-lative seat in District 14 became vacant in 1983, Ron was tapped by Governor Bob Kerry to serve out the term. And serve he did. Ron Withem dedicated 14 years of his life in our legislature, serving as the chairperson of the Urban Affairs Com-mittee, the chairperson of the Edu-cation Committee, and the high mark being his election as the first Demo-cratic speaker since 1970, which hap-pened in a Republican-majority body of our officially nonpartisan legislature. During that time, he rose to become one of the most well-respected voices in our unicameral, proudly working on issues that he was passionate about and that would have had a profound impact on our State. Some of his accomplishments are easily visible, such as the Harrison Street Interstate Exchange. Working alongside local elected officials and business leaders, Ron’s strong advo-cacy paved the way for what is now one of our most vibrant areas in the dis-trict. A leader among leaders, Ron was in-strumental in sponsoring and guiding many other important pieces of legisla-tion into law. He negotiated the State’s first major reform in K–12 edu-cational funding, sponsored legislation granting tuition waivers for veterans’ dependents, led efforts to improve ac-cessibility and the transparency of our elections, and he worked to create Ne-braska’s first bone marrow drive sys-tem. Through his years in public office, he was well-respected by both his col-leagues as well as his constituents. Ron was known for his uncanny ability to remember bill numbers, the year a bill was discussed, and even the most 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.008 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5304 June 29, 2017 
minute details surrounding the debate. As his former aide, Michelle Waite, said: ‘‘He might be a donkey, but Ron had the memory of an elephant for sure.’’ He was considered a master leg-islative strategist who knew how to pull together a coalition from both par-ties to get the people’s business done. After 14 years of serving in the legis-lature, Ron went to work for the Uni-versity of Nebraska. During his tenure, he made a tremendous impact on our State by leading the university’s legis-lative relations strategy. He also was the force behind the Building a Healthier Nebraska legislative initia-tive. The result of this initiative was a new cancer center, veterinary diag-nostic center, and a health sciences center facility. Ron was one of the architects behind the compromise that transferred the Nebraska State fairgrounds to the Uni-versity of Nebraska for the develop-ment of the Nebraska Innovation Cam-pus. This public-private partnership leverages university research for eco-nomic benefit, all the while preserving some of the history of our State fair-grounds. His colleagues at the university talk about their tremendous respect for Ron. He was known for building qual-ity relationships with others and his ability to meet daily challenges with positivity. Ron once said: ‘‘My goal is to communicate to policymakers the enormous value the University of Ne-braska brings to the State and its peo-ple.’’ His passion for the university and the success of Nebraska’s youth motivated him to work in higher education State relations. His achievements in higher education State relations did not go unnoticed. At the Higher Education Government Relations Conference in 2013, Ron was awarded the Marvin D. ‘‘Swede’’ Johnson Achievement Award, a very prestigious national level award. As a fellow citizen of Papillion, I want to thank both Ron and Diane Withem for their positive impact that they have made serving our commu-nity and our State. 
f 
ANTI-DEFAMATION LEAGUE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the incredible work of the Anti-Defamation League, or ADL. The founder of this uplifting organi-zation, Sigmund Livingston, envisioned an America where we all are created and treated equally. This is an objec-tive that remains ever-relevant in to-day’s America. Through programming in schools, the ADL creates dialogue to educate and prepare students to fight back against hate and confront dis-crimination wherever it may exist. In addition, the ADL works to bring indi-viduals together to build under-standing. b1045 I have had the pleasure of meeting a special person, Rabbi Gruenberg, a leader in Congregation Beth El, in my community, as well as the Philadelphia ADL, earlier this year. I am proud to stand with my neighbors, advocates, and elected officials of every stripe to reaffirm that there is no room for hate or discrimination in any of our commu-nities. The work of the Anti-Defamation League must continue and expand, be-cause the only way we can end sense-less hate is by building bridges and en-gaging with people we may perceive as being different from ourselves. Again, Mr. Speaker, I want to com-mend the ADL for the incredibly im-portant work they are doing. I stand with them, as should everyone in this Chamber. f 
SANCTUARY CITIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, finally, this week, we are taking up two pieces of legislation that will address a huge problem in my home State of Cali-fornia for a long time. As California moves more and more towards becoming a sanctuary State, already having several sanctuary cit-ies, H.R. 3003 and H.R. 3004 move in the right direction toward law and order and what people expect from their gov-ernment in providing for the public safety. We go back to the story of two Cali-fornians I can think of off the top of my head immediately, Kate Steinle and Jamiel Shaw, Jr., taken needlessly by people who shouldn’t have even been in the country. They were illegal immi-grants who were allowed to slip through the system and cause the death of both of those fine young peo-ple in California. Juan Sanchez was an illegal immi-grant with a record of seven felonies. He had been caught and deported not once, not twice, by five times. He should not have been on the streets of California. But on July 1, he was roam-ing around free in San Francisco. He stole a gun out of a Federal officer’s car, fired shots in public, and shot Kate Steinle in the back. San Francisco is a so-called sanctuary city, but it was not a sanctuary city for Kate Steinle. By shielding illegal immigrants from Federal authorities, sanctuary cities are disobeying the law. These actions have fatal consequences, as Kate Steinle and her family found out. Action we take this week on H.R. 3004, Kate’s Law, will toughen the pun-ishment for illegal immigrants who re-enter the country. The second bill, H.R. 3003, No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, cracks down on sanctuary cities, protects the public from dangerous criminals, and sends a message that if you are not with us in enforcing the law, then you are not going to receive funding or other help from the Federal Government. I think that is finally the right mes-sage coming out of Washington, D.C., for those who don’t uphold the laws and see to the first duty of govern-ment, which is to protect and stand up for the safety of its citizens. f 
HONORING AL ST. LAWRENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the Savan-nah-Chatham Metro Police Depart-ment’s construction of its newest training facility, which memorializes long-time Sheriff Al St. Lawrence. After 21 years of service as an officer, St. Lawrence ran for Chatham County Sheriff in 1992. Because of his out-standing service to our community, his constituents reelected him five times. He held this position until he passed away on November 25, 2015. Sheriff St. Lawrence was also respon-sible for overseeing the significant ren-ovation of the county jail, which ulti-mately added an additional 400,000 square feet to the facility and doubled inmate occupancy. Remembering Sheriff St. Lawrence’s dedication to training personnel, the Chatham County Police Department developed the Al St. Lawrence Recruit-ment and Training Range. This range will not only provide effective training resources to officers but will also house the Sheriff’s Office Internal Affairs Di-vision and the U.S. Marshals Service. The facility is located on 10 acres of property at the Chatham County Sher-iff’s Office and includes several train-ing ranges, including cable ranges, steel target ranges, and a Rogers Range, which improves an officer’s aim when discharging a firearm. Twice a month, the facility will also host a civilian gun class, which is open to the public. Educating the public on firearm safety will reduce the risk of accidental deaths from the misuse of guns. Sheriff St. Lawrence’s enduring serv-ice will forever be etched in the history of Chatham County, and his contribu-tions will ensure that Chatham County will remain a safe, thriving community for years to come. 
LINEMAN APPRECIATION  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor our electric linemen, the men and women who en-sure our lights stay shining every day. In Georgia, electric utility compa-nies have started a movement to recog-nize the hard work linemen do every day. Companies such as Georgia Power and MEAG Power celebrate their work-ers, who make modern living possible. Without linemen, we would not have many of the things we have grown ac-customed to using. Air conditioning, refrigerators, warm showers, entertain-ment devices, and plenty more, are all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:32 Jun 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.010 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5305 June 29, 2017 
things we would have to learn to live without. It is easy to take these serv-ices for granted, but it is important to remember the people who make it all possible. Earlier this year, we witnessed the valuable and honorable service these individuals provide when severe thun-derstorms and tornadoes tore through Georgia over 3 days. Homes and busi-nesses were destroyed and thousands of citizens were left in the dark. Crews of linemen all across the State joined to-gether and selflessly worked for 2 weeks until every light was back on. It is our duty not to overlook the workers and services that make our lives easier. I want to take this time and sincerely thank not just linemen in Georgia, but all linemen across the Nation, for powering the life inside our homes. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 51 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Bishop Stephen E. Blaire, Diocese of Stockton, Stockton, California, offered the following prayer: O God, in this House, many words are spoken just as in our houses of worship. Grant us, O Lord, the wisdom to speak words that will always be edi-fying—to build up our Nation as a peo-ple. Let our words not only denounce war, violence, and injustices, but promote all that is necessary for building gen-uine peace through right relationships. Let our words not only condemn ex-ploitation, racism, and abuses of wealth, but demonstrate that the cries of the poor and excluded have been heard. Let our words promote building just systems that ensure the common good and protect the inherent dignity of every human life. Let our words not only lament envi-ronmental degradation but promote all that is necessary for respecting the Earth as our common home. Lord God, grant that our words will always build ‘‘one nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.’’ Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. B
ROWN ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. BROWN of Maryland led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING BISHOP STEPHEN E. BLAIRE The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, today I am pleased to be joined by a special guest from my district, Bishop Stephen Blaire, who had the privilege of leading us in our opening prayer. Bishop Blaire oversees the Diocese of Stockton, and he was appointed by Pope John Paul II in 1999, becoming the fifth Bishop of Stockton. Throughout his career, he has been a staunch advocate for workers’ rights, commonsense legislation to reduce gun violence, and has promoted and worked towards social justice gains. As a newly appointed bishop, he followed in the footsteps of his predecessor, con-tinuing to address the needs of Span-ish-speaking parishioners by bringing more Spanish-speaking priests to the diocese and maintaining the ministry to migrant workers. I want to leave Members with some words of wisdom from Bishop Blaire that I believe we can all take to heart as we head into the Fourth of July hol-iday. When he was appointed Bishop of Stockton, he said that his vision was to build a church that was strong in faith but also strong in service to the community. As we head home to cele-brate the birth of our Nation, let us re-member that, as Members of Congress, our job is to build a government the American people have faith in because of our commitment to serving their needs. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 further requests for 1- minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
ACA’S ONGOING COLLAPSE (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, every day there are more stories about the Affordable Care Act’s, or ObamaCare’s, ongoing collapse. Insurers have been dropping out of the ACA’s markets for 3 years now. It is estimated that two out of every five, or 40 percent, of all counties in the country will have only one insurer on the exchanges, and many markets may soon have none at all. The House passed compromise legis-lation to provide the American people, especially those in the individual mar-ket, with more flexibility and choice and fewer Washington mandates, all while putting Medicaid, a critical safe-ty net program, on a sustainable path. Critics of this legislation have re-sponded with hyperbolic, irresponsible rhetoric, and no solutions, other than higher taxes, more spending, and more Washington control. Some ACA defenders are actually calling for a single-payer system, which would result in unbearably high taxes, even tighter grips from Wash-ington, and unsustainable spending. It would destroy innovation, create scar-city, degrade quality, and drive up costs. Even the liberal California legis-lator seems to have abandoned the sin-gle-payer fantasy this week. Instead of careening toward single payer, let’s keep the promises we made to repeal and replace ObamaCare and meet the expectations of those who sent us here. f 
DEMOCRACY AND AUTONOMY FOR HONG KONG (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on July 1, 1997, Britain transferred sov-ereignty over Hong Kong to China. Under a ‘‘one country, two systems’’ arrangement with London, Beijing promised to allow universal suffrage as an ultimate aim, along with other free-doms. But 20 years later, that promise re-mains unfilled. Last March, a new chief executive was elected, not by the peo-ple of Hong Kong, but by a committee whose members have close ties to the Chinese Government. Human rights groups have documented an erosion of press freedom and growing threats to judicial independence. Hong Kong’s freedoms are at grave risk. This Saturday, Chinese President Xi Jinping will visit Hong Kong to mark the 20th anniversary of the handover. Some protesters have already been de-tained, including Joshua Wong, who I have met, and newly elected legislator, Nathan Law. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members of this Chamber to hold China to its word and speak out in support of democracy and autonomy for Hong Kong. 
f 
ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION (Mr. D
ESJARLAIS asked and was given permission to address the House 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.012 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5306 June 29, 2017 
for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. D
ESJARLAIS. Mr. Speaker, today I want to address illegal immi-gration and what House Republicans are doing to ensure Americans’ safety. This week, we voted to defund sanc-tuary cities that harbor criminals like the man who murdered Kate Steinle in San Francisco. My heart goes out to her parents and families around the country who have lost loved ones to foreign nationals who should have never been in this country in the first place. We passed Kate’s Law to increase penalties on previously deported illegal immigrants. Also, the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act would defund sanc-tuary cities and prevent lawsuits against local governments that follow Federal law. Shockingly, Nashville, in my home State of Tennessee, has been consid-ering a sanctuary bill, even though murders this year already outnumber last year’s total. Some on the city council want Nash-ville to become a magnet for violent gangs that transport drugs and human beings. Sanctuary policies endanger not only San Francisco or Nashville but the entire U.S. President Trump is cracking down on immigration crime. Illegal border crossings are down, and arrests and de-portations of criminal aliens are up, just as Americans demanded last No-vember. Here in the House, we are keeping our promises and our country safe. 
f 
COMMUNITY-BASED POLICING EF-FORTS VITAL TO PUBLIC SAFE-TY (Mr. BROWN of Maryland asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, H.R. 3003, a partisan bill that seeks to punish so-called sanctuary cities, strikes at the heart of community- based policing efforts vital to public safety. Under this bill, States and counties where local police focus on community priorities rather than immigration en-forcement would be punished, losing millions of dollars that could be used to build up communities, improve our Nation’s infrastructure, and strengthen local government. Moreover, this bill would jeopardize public safety by discouraging people from trusting law enforcement, sharing information, or reporting crime. Across the country, most police chiefs have expressed serious concerns about policies that may lead to racial profiling or requiring their officers to break up families. They have said that immigration en-forcement should remain a Federal re-sponsibility. Instead of forcing local police to act as immigration officers, we should work on passing comprehen-sive immigration reform that includes a pathway to citizenship for aspiring Americans. And if we truly want to makes the streets of America safer, Congress should act to strengthen bonds between community and police, invest in men-tal health and substance abuse serv-ices, reduce gun violence, and reform the criminal justice system. f 
TRIBUTE TO STAFF SERGEANT HENRY J. NYKAMP (Mr. LANCE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Staff Sergeant Henry J. Nykamp of Milford, New Jer-sey. This July, Sergeant Nykamp will be awarded the French Legion of Honour, normally reserved for French nationals. However, other nationals who have aided France or promoted its ideals can receive the recognition as well. Due to Sergeant Nykamp’s tremen-dous dedication to the allied cause in World War II, from June of 1943 to Oc-tober of 1945, there is no one more de-serving of the honor. During World War II, Sergeant Nykamp was stationed in Hardwick, England, where he flew 35 missions as a B–25 nose gunner. Some of Sergeant Nykamp’s most important operations involved low-level flying in support of ground forces during the Battle of the Bulge. He was awarded four Bronze Stars and five Air Medals. Sergeant Nykamp’s is a story of great sacrifice and courage. Mission after mission, flight after flight, he an-swered the call of duty. He entered World War II at one of the world’s darkest hours and did not rest until the struggle was over and the forces of right had prevailed. I am pleased that France is recog-nizing Sergeant Nykamp for his role in its liberation, and I also thank him for his tremendous service not only to the United States but to the allied cause. 
f 
IMMIGRATION ENFORCEMENT IS RESPONSIBILITY OF FEDERAL GOVERNMENT (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 3003. This bill before the Chamber today, the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, is another attack on the immigra-tion communities and communities of color in my home State of Texas and communities throughout the country. This misguided legislation would strip critical Federal funding for our local police agencies, such as COPS grants, that do not comply with Fed-eral immigration detainers. Doing so would only undermine the public safety in our communities in Houston and Harris County. Our local law enforcement officers for Houston Police Department and Harris County sheriffs are responsible for protecting the people of our great city and county and upholding our local laws. They are not, nor should they be, de facto Federal immigration agents. The U.S. Constitution is clear that immi-gration enforcement is the responsi-bility of the Federal Government and not the States or local governments. To require local police officers to en-force Federal immigration law would not only violate our 200-year tradition of federalism but will tear apart the local trust our police and sheriffs have built with the immigrant community and communities of color over the years. I ask my colleagues to let our local law enforcement protect our families and our homes and not be immigration agents. f 
SANCTUARY CITIES UNDERMINE FEDERAL LAW (Mr. BUCSHON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BUCSHON. Mr. Speaker, let’s be clear. So-called sanctuary cities have become a safe haven for illegal immi-grants who have committed crimes. They undermine Federal law and put the safety of law-abiding citizens at risk. Kate Steinle was murdered in San Francisco by an illegal immigrant who had seven felonies and had been de-ported five times. Where was Kate’s sanctuary? We are a country of laws, and we must enforce them and hold account-able anyone who violates them. Sarah Root was killed by an illegal immigrant, street racing drunk. Grant Ronnebeck was murdered in cold blood by working the nightshift at a conven-ience store. Mr. Speaker, no family should ever have to go through what these families have faced. Kate’s Law and the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act will help protect our communities and help protect families from these senseless and preventable tragedies. 
f 
COMBATING ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION (Mr. MESSER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, most Americans get it. Frankly, it is just common sense. We can’t continue to reward folks who come to our country illegally while those who work hard and play by the rules struggle to get ahead. It is way past time to fix our broken immigration policies in America. Today, the House is considering two commonsense reforms to combat ille-gal immigration, restore rule of law, and protect public safety. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.014 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5307 June 29, 2017 
The No Sanctuary for Criminals Act defunds sanctuary cities and cracks down on dangerous sanctuary city poli-cies that shield criminal investigations from Federal immigration enforcement and puts American citizens at risk. Kate’s Law increases penalties for de-ported felons who return to America and commit further crimes. Kate’s Law was named after a young woman who was tragically gunned down by a five-time deported felon nearly 2 years ago to this day. It is out-rageous. The Federal Government’s first duty is to protect its citizens. I urge my col-leagues to support these much-needed reforms and then do more to stop ille-gal immigration in the United States. 
f 
b1215 HONORING THE LIFE OF EMIL FRANZI (Ms. M
CSALLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Emil Franzi, a dear friend and a legend in our south-ern Arizona community. Born on the Fourth of July, Emil Franzi was a patriot and outspoken conservative commentator, political strategist, columnist, and talk show host who had an encyclopedic knowl-edge of local politics. Franzi’s radio ca-reer spanned three decades, and he was host for the ‘‘Inside Track.’’ His pass-ing marks the end of an era. Franzi loved classical opera, guns, and the old west. He worked to pre-serve local western heritage through his ‘‘Voices of the West’’ radio show. Underneath his curmudgeonly exte-rior was a soft and charitable heart. Not only did he raise three successful daughters, he also took in a number of youth as a foster parent with his wife, Kathy. Franzi also adopted many stray animals. One of them, here, he named after me: Martha, this 6-month-old puppy—one of the highest honors I have received as a fellow dog lover. Emil Franzi passed away on June 7 after battling cancer. He was 78. He left an indelible mark on southern Arizona. I am deeply grateful for Emil’s friend-ship, advice, and his faithful support. He will be sorely missed. 
f 
POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the month of June as National Post-Traumatic Stress Awareness Month. Millions of our Nation’s heroes expe-rience post-traumatic stress upon re-turning home from their service. Invis-ible wounds like PTS are just as impor-tant and worthy of treatment as phys-ical injuries. Seeking help for PTS is not a sign of weakness or defeat, but a show of strength and commitment to a full and healthy life. Treating PTS is not a one-size-fits- all process either. Our veterans need options to find the treatments that work best for their unique needs. That is why I am proud my legislation, the COVER Act, has been signed into law and will help increase access to evi-dence-based alternative therapies at the VA. For National PTS Awareness Month, I stand committed to serving our Na-tion’s heroes and improving their treatment options. f 
HONORING THE ARKANSAS FARM FAMILY OF THE YEAR (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is an extreme honor to note the accom-plishment of a hardworking Arkansas Fourth District family. Mark and Shay Morgan and their daughter, Kate, of Clarksville, were named last December as the 2016 Arkansas Farm Family of the Year, and will compete this coming October among nine other State win-ners to be the 2017 Southeastern Farm-er of the Year. The Morgans’ diverse farm is best known for its Peach Pickin’ Paradise which consists of 3,500 peach and nec-tarine trees on 17 acres. I was fortunate to visit Peach Pickin’ Paradise last fall and sample some of their produce. With peaches making up 60 percent of the farm’s operation, it also consists of 600 acres of hay used for their 300 head of beef cattle. Beyond their hard work on the fam-ily farm, the Morgans are a vital part of their local community, participating in a number of organizations that dis-play the hard work ethic they live by. Congratulations to Mark, Shay, and Kate Morgan as they have exhibited ex-emplary testimony to the American Dream and to the Fourth District of Arkansas. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RAY HECKLER, A TRUE AMERICAN HERO (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a true American hero, Ray Heckler, who is being laid to rest in Arlington today with full military honors. Ray began his service to his country as a private in the Army, and retired after 40 years as a command sergeant major in the Illinois National Guard in Urbana. During his time in the Army, he served in Germany, Berlin, Japan, Paris, Africa, Morocco, Casablanca, and Marcel in France. He was awarded the Bronze Star in France for his he-roic and praiseworthy service on the field of battle. Remembered by those closest to him as being a helping hand whenever need-ed, Ray spent time with his community by working to construct and rehabili-tate homes through Habitat for Hu-manity. It is my honor to recognize Mr. Heck-ler and his devotion to our country. My thoughts and prayers are with his fam-ily as they mourn the loss of a truly courageous and selfless man. Rest in peace, Ray Heckler. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF WILLIAM ‘‘RYAN’’ OWENS (Mr. L
AHOOD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, on Janu-ary 29, 2017, U.S. Navy Chief Special Warfare Operator William ‘‘Ryan’’ Owens was killed during a raid in Yemen. At the age of 36, he gave the ul-timate sacrifice in order to protect our great Nation. He is survived by his wife and three young children. This week I introduced a bill which would rename the Chillicothe, Illinois, post office in honor of Ryan’s life and service as a Navy SEAL. My office and I worked closely with the U.S. Postal Service, the U.S. Navy Congressional Liaison Office, Central Illinois Gold Star Families, and, most importantly, Ryan’s family. All of us were deter-mined to make sure we got this right. His wife ultimately made the decision to name the post office after Ryan in Chillicothe, a town in my district, where Ryan graduated high school. This effort has the backing and bi-partisan support of the entire Illinois delegation, and it is our hope that the post office will forever remind the com-munity of their hometown hero and his commitment to serving our country. While we can never fully repay Chief Owens and his family for the sacrifices he made, renaming the post office in his honor is a small effort to thank him for his service and his dedication to protecting America. He and his family are forever in our hearts and prayers. 
f 
WELCOMING SOUTH KOREAN PRESIDENT MOON JAE-IN TO WASHINGTON (Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure today to rise to welcome Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea to the United States on the occasion of his first visit as President. The United States and the Republic of Korea share a longstanding pivotal defense alliance, and we are bound to-gether as fellow democracies who share common values. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.016 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5308 June 29, 2017 
The U.S.-Korea relationship has been a growing partnership, and now they are the United State’s sixth largest trading partner. It is Florida’s third largest export market, and we have over 1,700 Korean Americans in my dis-trict. Korea is one of only five U.S. mutual defense allies in Asia, one of only three nations in the region to have com-pleted a bilateral trade agreement with the United States, and hosts a U.S. military presence of nearly 38,000 Americans. The Republic of Korea is our foundational partner in facing the gravest threats to the world’s peace and security, and that is the rogue nu-clear regime of Kim Jong-un. We will continue to stand together to address this grave threat and maintain our close bilateral relationship. I give my most sincere congratula-tions to President Moon Jae-in on his first electoral victory, and I welcome him warmly to Washington during such an important time. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. P
OE of Texas) laid before the House the fol-lowing communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 29, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 29, 2017, at 9:11 am.: Appointments: Board of Visitors of the U.S. Merchant Ma-rine Academy. Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Commis-sion. Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3004, KATE’S LAW, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM JULY 3, 2017, THROUGH JULY 10, 2017 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 415 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 415 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3004) to amend section 276 of the Immigration and Nationality Act relating to reentry of removed aliens. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provi-sions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on the Ju-diciary; and (2) one motion to recommit. SEC. 2. On any legislative day during the period from July 3, 2017, through July 10, 2017— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. S
EC. 3. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. S
EC. 4. It shall be in order without inter-vention of any point of order to consider con-current resolutions providing for adjourn-ment during the month of July, 2017. S
EC. 5. The Committee on Appropriations may, at any time before 5 p.m. on Thursday, July 6, 2017, file privileged reports to accom-pany measures making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018. S
EC. 6. The Committee on Armed Services may, at any time before 5 p.m. on Thursday, July 6, 2017, file a report to accompany H.R. 2810. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. S
LAUGHTER ), my dear friend, pending which I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Dur-ing consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of de-bate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this rule and the underlying legislation. This rule pro-vides for consideration of H.R. 3004, also known as Kate’s Law. It should be instructive, also, Mr. Speaker, to recognize that H.R. 3004 had a companion bill that we debated on the rule yesterday—not voted on, we will vote on these today—that was a companion bill to this that is a very important bill. These are both effective law enforcement tools that need to be made available not only to protect the people of the United States, but, in particular, people who live in many of the jurisdictions that are being denied that support by effective law enforce-ment because of political policies that are being instructed by city councils and mayors across the country. Mr. Speaker, on July 1, 2015, Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez shot and killed Kate Steinle at Pier 14 in San Francisco, California, while she was walking with her father. Mr. Lopez- Sanchez claims that he does not fully recall the murder, as he took strong sleeping pills prior to the incident. Mr. Speaker, this senseless and cow-ardly murder should never have hap-pened. Mr. Lopez-Sanchez is and was an unlawful criminal alien who had pre-viously been deported five times from the United States of America. b1230 He had numerous felony convictions in the United States of America, in-cluding for the possession of heroin and the manufacturing of narcotics in the United States of America. Despite his lengthy history of crimi-nal acts dating back to 1991, Mr. San-chez was able to illegally reenter the United States again and again and again with minimal consequences, showcasing serious fault lines in one of our systems of deterrence: our border. For years, the lack of immigration enforcement and the spread of dan-gerous sanctuary policies have failed the American people and cost lives. The death of innocent Americans, such as Kate, Sarah Root, Grant Roanebeck, and too many others across this coun-try, is simply unacceptable. Mr. Speaker, that is why we are here today. The American people have had enough. And I believe Congress has heard from the people, and we have heard enough and had enough. The bottom line is we now have a President, Donald J. Trump, who not only heard this same story as he went around the country running for Presi-dent, but had a different answer, be-cause I assure you, the major can-didates running for President on the Republican and Democratic ticket heard this same content. One person stepped up to the plate. He is now our President: Donald J. Trump. The American people are sick and tired of turning on their TVs or radios or newspapers and seeing yet another senseless murder committed by a pre-viously deported criminal alien. Their deaths are especially devastating since I believe they could have been pre-vented if our immigration laws had been carefully enforced or we had, real-ly, what I call the national deterrent: the will to stop these senseless acts. Kate’s Law gets close to doing just that. The underlying legislation that the House will be able to vote on in this rule and in the legislation today en-hances the current maximum sentences for illegal reentry. The bill raises the maximum sentence for criminal aliens who reenter the United States to be-tween 10 and 25 years in Federal prison, depending upon the criminal’s history. For all those who are attempting to politicize this legislation—and, yes, they are—I would encourage them to read the bill. Mr. Speaker, I have that bill in front of me as we speak, and it is really not too much of a lift. It is half of a page and four other pages. Members of Congress do have time to read the bill. Members of Congress do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.018 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5309 June 29, 2017 
have time to understand why we are here today. And it is more than just that is just the way it is. It is, in fact, a reality that has become all too known by every single American, and especially moms and dads, moms and dads and uncles and grandparents who hurt when our children are hurt. So regardless of your position on gen-eral immigration reform, I would hope that you would join us today, join us today in agreeing that we should do ev-erything we can to discourage mur-derers and criminal aliens. Disagreeing one way or another on immigration policy is not what this is about. This is about where even there is the slightest potential that there could be citizens who would be harmed, we need a second look, a second oppor-tunity, and a chance to address the issue. The American people, I believe, need and deserve stronger deterrence of those who have come here illegally and have already proven that they are will-ing to break our Nation’s most serious laws. These are not huddled masses yearn-ing to be free or families attempting to come here for a better life. These are bad people, and we call them criminals. They have violated the criminal con-duct code here in the United States of America. They are people who we know are capable of terrible crimes, who, via their own criminal actions, have made sure that they have taken away the right that others had and, in doing so, have harmed the lives of our citizens. The American people spoke clearly in November. President Donald J. Trump understood that. This is a criminal matter; this is not a politics issue; and the time of letting the worst criminals back in our country over and over and over again must stop. The process be-gins again today. Mr. Speaker, that is just the way it is, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, all of us mourn the death of Kate Steinle, tragically shot and killed in San Francisco in 2015. In-deed, there isn’t a parent anywhere who doesn’t worry constantly about the well-being and the health and the safety of a child. And we all know, even though we may not have lost our own, we have deep sympathy with those who do. But as the Cato Institute has out-lined, the legislation before us today would not have prevented that tragedy. As the Cato Institute has said, the al-leged shooter ‘‘did not end up in San Francisco due to lax border security, and the case actually shows the oppo-site. In recent years, Border Patrol caught him each time he attempted to cross.’’ He was only in the city because the U.S. Justice Department failed to do its job, and that is why Cato has called this bill, ‘‘a waste of Federal re-sources.’’ Let me say that again, Mr. Speaker, that these are the words of the Cato Institute, a group founded by the well-known conservative Charles Koch. Cato could not have been more clear when they said it this week: ‘‘Kate’s Law would not have helped Kate.’’ Now, our country has listened as President Donald J. Trump called Mexican immigrants ‘‘criminals, drug dealers, and rapists.’’ The public has watched him promote the formation of a deportation force to tear apart immi-grants from their families and sign an executive order directing Federal re-sources toward the construction of a wall along the border between the U.S. and Mexico, where there is one mostly already that has not done that much deterring, but that is despite the fact that Federal spending on border secu-rity over the last few years has been at the highest level that our country has ever seen. It seems the majority has now taken a page from the President’s playbook, apparently trying to turn his dangerous rhetoric into law. It is shameful that they are prioritizing a bill that is completely unnecessary, since current law already imposes adequately severe penalties for illegal reentry, including enhanced penalties for criminal offenses. It is al-ready covered, Mr. Speaker, but we do have something we need to fill the afternoon since the health bill failed. All the while, the majority is ignoring the many, many, many major issues facing the Nation today. Now, I know, and we all know, that the bill wasn’t the only thing they were hoping to ram through here be-fore we adjourned for the district work period. They also hoped to pass their healthcare repeal bill so quickly before leaving town that the American people wouldn’t notice; but, frankly, even as I say that, they have noticed, as I under-stand now, that the approval rating for that bill is 12 percent. They have no-ticed. I think what they have noticed is that they are going to kill Medicaid. The reason they wanted to do this in a hurry, repeal healthcare first, was in order to fulfill their tax bill promise of corporate tax cuts as well as tax cuts for the richest people in the United States. They wanted to take from the health bill, the expanded Medicare money, $80 billion to pay for tax cuts. The devastation that that would cre-ate, I think most American people un-derstand it. If they have a loved one in a nursing home, that means that, since 64 per-cent of the cost of nursing care is borne by Medicaid, that they would very like-ly have to bring the person home. It means that 22 million people would lose their health insurance. You know, we just say that, ‘‘22 million people.’’ Let me put that number in some per-spective. That number, 22 million, is more than the population of Alaska, Delaware, Hawaii, Idaho, Kansas, Maine, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Vermont, Washington, D.C., West Virginia, and Wyoming combined. That is pretty im-pressive, isn’t it? In February, our President Trump said: ‘‘Nobody knew healthcare could be so complicated.’’ Well, Mr. Speaker and Mr. President, those of us on our side who worked for more than a year to craft the Affordable Care Act knew that very well. I was chair of the Rules Committee at the time, and just the Rules Committee heard from 46 dif-ferent Members of Congress over the course of three meetings which, to-gether, lasted more than 20 hours, one of them a full Saturday of hearings. So, together with the work done by the other committees of jurisdiction, the healthcare reform law received such a thorough vetting—and I want to get this on the record because I hear all the time it was written behind closed doors and strange people and no-body knew what it was and that we were all surprised. Nothing could be further from the truth. Bill Kristol proclaimed on FOX News: ‘‘This is the most thoroughly debated piece of legislation in my memory in Washington.’’ I feel like I need to say that again, but I won’t take the time, but how im-portant it is. But those of us who were there knew it. We knew how many committee meetings were held on this legislation. On the bill you are talking about from your side, the majority side, not a single committee has heard it. I wager that the vast majority of the Repub-licans—who deserve to see it—have not even seen that bill, and that is a trag-edy. We do not operate the United States of America that way. So, Mr. Speaker, there is no compari-son between the open, the transparent, and lengthy process that we went through to craft the Affordable Care Act—which, by the way, was written by experts—and what the majority is try-ing to do with this disastrous repeal bill. And while I am at it, so many times when I was doing the rule on the repeal bills—and, you know, repeal and re-place, repeal and replace. We know now that all those 7 years and those more than 60 votes that we paid for while we are running the House, that all this time there was no replacement. They still don’t have a replacement. If that wasn’t a hoax on the American people, I don’t know what was. But the process we are seeing now is defined by back-room deals and secrecy and a complete disregard for regular order. And I understand that, between now and tomorrow afternoon, there will be a lot of big deals changing hands so that we won’t know next week what is there anyway, but we wait to see the new CBO score and see what that says. Nearly every President since Theo-dore Roosevelt tried to enact healthcare reform. That is a long time. Teddy Roosevelt tried it and many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.022 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5310 June 29, 2017 
Presidents after him. But after decades of failed attempts and false starts, President Obama, working with a Democratic Congress, was finally able to deliver. The majority should work with us again. We are willing to do that. And what we would really like to see you do is take the ACA and the problems that it has and let’s work together and im-prove that law, which has already been in effect now for a number of years, since 2014, and we could just move ahead and get on with things that are terribly important to us. We wish that you would do that in-stead of trying to dismantle it. If it were dismantled, it would disrupt the markets. It would harm the sick and disproportionately impact those in nursing homes. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ), a distin-guished Member of this body. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, Kate’s Law, the bill that this rule brings to the floor, is very personal to the people of my dis-trict because of two other names that we will never forget. b1245 On October 24, 2014, Sacramento County Sheriff’s Deputy Danny Oliver and Placer County Detective Michael Davis were brutally gunned down in one of the most cold-blooded rampages in the history of either county. It began when Deputy Oliver ap-proached a car in a parking lot to ask if he could help a couple who seemed to be lost. He was shot dead. A bystander who was too slow turn-ing over his car keys became the next victim. Miraculously, he survived a gunshot wound to the head but vividly remembers the smile on the gunman’s face as he pulled the trigger. The next victim was Detective Mi-chael Davis. His father, a Riverside County Sheriff’s deputy, had lost his life in the line of duty on the very same day 26 years earlier. These crimes should never have hap-pened. Their assailant had repeatedly entered this country illegally. While here, he had been apprehended for com-mitting other crimes and repeatedly deported, only to easily recross the border without being challenged. I have heard it said there is no evi-dence that illegal immigrants commit crimes at any higher rate than the gen-eral population. Well, that is just not true. It is true that crime statistics don’t aggregate by legal status. Some States, like California, no longer even report the legal status of inmates. They can tell us by race, gender, age, background, and jurisdiction who stole a car last year, but they won’t tell us how many illegal immigrants did. By painstakingly piecing together all of the available fragmented data in 2015, FOX News concluded that illegal immigrants are three times more like-ly to be convicted of murder than the legal population. According to this report, illegals ac-count for 3.7 percent of the population but are convicted of 13.6 percent of all crimes, including 12 percent of all mur-ders, 20 percent of all kidnappings, and 16 percent of drug trafficking. Each year, 900,000 illegal immigrants are ar-rested for crimes. Citing the GAO, FOX reported that 55,000 illegal immigrants were in Fed-eral prison and 296,000 in State and local jails in 2011. The real tragedy is that there should be zero crimes com-mitted by illegal immigrants because there should be zero illegal immigrants in this country. For 16 years, two Presidents—one Re-publican and one Democrat—ignored their constitutional responsibility to take care that the laws be faithfully executed. Well, thank God, we finally have a President who takes that re-sponsibility seriously. This rule brings a bill to the floor that increases penalties for those who return to our country after they have been deported. The other to be debated today adds long-overdue sanctions to local jurisdictions that refuse to pro-tect their own citizens, and I rise in strong support of that bill as well. It is too late for Officers Davis and Oliver. It is too late for Kate Steinle. It is too late for thousands of other Americans killed by illegal immi-grants. But perhaps it is just in time for your neighbor, your family mem-ber, or yourself. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ), the dis-tinguished ranking member of the Ju-diciary Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, this Saturday marks the 2-year anniversary of the death of Kate Steinle, which was a tragedy for her family and for our en-tire community. My colleague from California has mentioned the murder of Officers Davis and Oliver, something that shook our northern California community. These things are terrible, and I think we can agree that every Member of this House objects to, mourns, and is tre-mendously distressed and opposed to these criminal acts. But H.R. 3004 is not the solution to prevent such trage-dies. The bill expands criminal sentences for illegal reentry offenses, but, as has been mentioned by the ranking mem-ber of the Rules Committee, the person charged in connection with Kate’s death—I believe he is, in fact, the mur-derer—spent over 16 years in Federal prison. He was repeatedly deported. It didn’t prevent his crime. I think it is important to recall that we are not here writing bumper stick-ers. We are here writing laws. So we need to examine what is the current law and what is the proposal to change the current law. The discussion I have heard seems to assume that there are no harsh pen-alties in law for people who reenter without inspection. Nothing could be further from the truth. Right now, there is a felony provision for attempts to reenter. There are criminal pen-alties for reentry of certain removed aliens. For example, if you are removed subsequent to a conviction for a com-mission of three or more misdemeanors involving drugs, crimes against a per-son, or both, or a felony, there is a 10- year sentence. If you are removed sub-sequent to commission of an aggra-vated felony, it is a 20-year sentence, and on and on. What does the bill do? It, for exam-ple, changes the 20-year sentence to a 25-year sentence. Well, you can argue whether that is wise or unwise. I per-sonally think whether it is 20 or 25 is not going to be the major difference for a heinous criminal. It also expands the definition of the misdemeanors that must be committed to entail these tremendous penalties. Right now, I mentioned it is penalties involving violence or drugs. This would just be garden-variety misdemeanors. If you were driving without a license, if you were loitering, that would count for the 10 years in Federal prison. I don’t think that those provisions are likely to make a material dif-ference in the kinds of crimes that we all abhor, but there is something else that is in this bill that I think needs to be attended to. The bill’s sponsor claims this targets immigrants with criminal convictions, but the reality is the bill mostly affects other people. The bill, for the first time, would make it a criminal offense for an indi-vidual who was previously denied ad-mission or ordered removed to seek to reenter the country legally, even if the individual has no criminal history, no history of repeated reentries. The bill does this by adding a definition to the term ‘‘crosses the border’’ that in-cludes those who enter the country in ‘‘official restraint.’’ This small change means it would be a felony for a person who has been pre-viously denied admission or previously removed to present themselves at a port of entry to request asylum, parole, admission, or another form of entry consistent with immigration laws. This is a drastic departure from current law. Under current law, an individual can be prosecuted for illegal entry if they are trying to evade or intend to evade detection. If they are trying to sneak in, they get caught, we charge them with a crime. An individual who comes to a port of entry and voluntarily pre-sents herself to an immigration officer to ask permission to enter the country legally has not committed a crime. This bill would change that. Think about that for a minute. The bill makes it a crime to come to a port of entry not with the intent to enter the U.S. illegally, but to ask for a form of entry provided by the immigration laws. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.023 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5311 June 29, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 2 minutes. Ms. LOFGREN. In other words, this bill makes it a crime for someone to try to reenter legally. If you are a victim of human traf-ficking and come to a port of entry to seek protection and, ultimately, a T visa, which the law allows, you would commit a crime under this bill. If your U.S. citizen relative is critically in-jured and you show up at the port to ask for humanitarian parole so you can donate blood or an organ to your U.S. citizen relative, you have committed a crime. In each of these cases, you can be prosecuted and put in jail for up to 2 years, even if you ultimately win your immigration case. I also want to make a point about some of the other types of people this bill would affect. According to the U.S. Sentencing Commission, at least half of all the in-dividuals convicted of illegal entry under the current statute, which is the most common Federal prosecution in law today, were coming to reunite with their family in the United States. Half of them had at least one child living in the U.S. Two-thirds of the offenders had other family members—a spouse or others—they were trying to get back to. So, in addition to the people who are trying to enter legally, this bill mas-sively increases penalties on people who are trying to get back to their families, many of whom are U.S. citi-zens. The desperation of these broken fam-ilies is a direct result of our failed im-migration policy. Hundreds of thou-sands of immigrant parents have been deported over the years, leaving their U.S. citizen children as orphans in the United States. These parents—and I understand it—are trying to get back to their kids. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has again ex-pired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. Ms. LOFGREN. We may think that is a good thing or a bad thing, but we don’t think that it is a crime to love your child and want to get back to that child. The desperation that these families feel is a direct result of our inability to create a top-to-bottom reform of our immigration laws that allows families to be united, allows the economy to meet its needs, allows the crops to be picked legally. We have created this problem by failing to enforce our laws. This bill doesn’t solve the crime problem that we all care about. It cre-ates new problems. It is not the answer to the terrible offenses that are at the name of it. In fact, those terrible crimes seem to me to be merely an ex-cuse to expand deportation for the many, many people whose only offense is wanting to be near their families. I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule and to oppose this bill. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the majority leader. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for the continuing work he does as the chairman of the Rules Committee. It is very important work for this Nation and the House. Mr. Speaker, there are some debates on this floor that are very complicated. They hinge on technicalities and com-plex judgment calls. You need to prop-erly weigh all the data, all the studies, and all the nuances. But I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, that today’s debate is not complicated. This is not about nuance. The subject is not complex. This is about answering a simple question: Is the purpose of our government to protect the American people first, or is the purpose of our government to protect felons who have entered our country illegally, broken our laws, and threatened our people? I wish this were an exaggeration, but American citizens have died because some local governments have refused to uphold our laws. These so-called sanctuary cities offer safety for illegal felons, but they do so by putting our families, neighbors, and fellow Ameri-cans in danger. The American people now look to their government and they are uncer-tain. They elected people to represent them, but would those Representatives rather protect felons here illegally or their fellow citizens? As far as this House is concerned, let us end the uncertainty today. Our gov-ernment should, and always will, put the safety of American people first. Cities offering sanctuary for criminals will no longer be ignored. Criminals who threaten our citizens and reenter our country with no respect for our laws will be punished. b1300 Kate Steinle, an American citizen, a daughter, and a promising young woman would be alive today if local governments did not act as a safe haven for lawbreakers. Juan Lopez- Sanchez shot Kate after being deported five times. He had seven felony convic-tions before he murdered her. After this crime, we asked the same questions the rest of America did: How could this man be let free? Why was he in America in the first place? How can cities across our Nation continue to shield such people from the law? In America, the Federal Government has little right to tell States and local-ities how to conduct affairs properly left to them. But our Federal Govern-ment has every right to demand that these governments follow our just laws written in accordance with our Con-stitution. And if they do not, if those cities protect criminals at the expense of law-abiding Americans, they should not expect their fellow citizens to help them through the Federal Government. For those cities with laws designed to harbor immigrants who have en-tered this country illegally, our legis-lation will prohibit those laws, cut off Federal grant money, and allow the families who suffer as a result of their foolishness the right to have their day in court. And to the criminals: If you break our laws and ever return, justice will come for you, and the penalty will be severe. Mr. Speaker, being an American means something. We should never for-get that. If America is your home, you are a citizen. If you are part of this na-tional community, rest assured, the government is here for you. The Amer-ican people come first. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I in-quire if my colleague has more speak-ers. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I have several more speakers. Mr. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished young gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. D
UNCAN ). Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman S
ESSIONS  for his continued leadership here in the House of Representatives, and espe-cially on this issue in the Rules Com-mittee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this rule and the underlying bill, which we are calling Kate’s Law. Mr. Speaker, we are calling this crackdown on illegal immigration and sanctuary city policies Kate’s Law after Kate Steinle. For those of you who don’t know the story of Kathryn ‘‘Kate’’ Steinle, she was a beautiful 32-year-old woman from northern California who was mur-dered on the streets of San Francisco while walking on a pier with her father 2 years ago this weekend. Murdered. The alleged murderer, an illegal im-migrant named Juan Francisco, had seven felony convictions and had been deported from the United States five times. Deported five times. Let that sink in. It is truly unbelievable, Mr. Speaker. Yet he was back in our country after maneuvering through the previous ad-ministration’s weak southern border and negligent immigration enforce-ment. Then he lived in San Francisco due to that city’s blatant disregard for Federal law, a sanctuary city. San Francisco was no sanctuary for Kate; no sanctuary for that beautiful 32-year- old woman. If this story isn’t a clear sign that our system is broken, I don’t know what is. We need Kate’s Law to in-crease criminal penalties for illegal fel-ons like Juan Francisco who have been convicted for crimes, deported, and then decided once again to illegally re- enter the United States of America, a sovereign nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.025 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5312 June 29, 2017 
Kate’s Law is straightforward, it is common sense, and it is the right be-ginning to make our homeland safer and get smart about immigration pol-icy. It is time for us to make America safe again by addressing the lack of en-forcement of Federal law. Kate’s Law is the right answer. I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for in-troducing Kate’s Law so we can crack down on this kind of illegal behavior that so often means life or death for American citizens. It is time to enforce the law. The gentlewoman, a few minutes ago, was talking about the law. Well, there are laws on the books that say it is il-legal to enter this country. There are laws on the books that prohibit these types of sanctuary cities or sanctuary campuses as we are now seeing. I hope Congress will cut off the funding to these cities. It is time to get their at-tention, to enforce Federal law. I am pleased the White House has vo-calized their support for the underlying bill should it reach President Trump’s desk. Now I call upon my colleagues, both Republicans and Democrats, to support the rule and the underlying bill. It is time again to make America safe again and honor young women like Kate. This should be a bipartisan issue. Re-spect for the rule of law and protecting the American citizens is really that simple. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, President Trump cam-paigned on the promise of bringing jobs back home and removing barriers to job creation. But despite these prom-ises, President Trump’s budget does the complete opposite. It cuts job training programs by 39 percent, and its draconian spending cuts would lead to massive job losses. My colleagues will be happy to hear that I have an amendment that will en-sure that the President keeps his prom-ise of bringing jobs back home. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up Represent-ative P
ASCRELL ’s Bring Jobs Home Act, H.R. 685. H.R. 685 will close a tax loophole that rewards companies for moving jobs overseas, while providing a tax credit to companies that move jobs back to the United States. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
HAFFETZ ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentlewoman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ) to discuss our proposal. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, be-cause I listened very carefully, I hope that, while I am opposed to the rule, we are debating a bill, in my esti-mation, to reinforce negative stereo-types about the immigrants. I have listened to the response, per-haps, to that. Are you impugning through the Chair the record of Demo-crats on fulfilling our oath of office, the first part of which is to defend America from within and from with-out? That is the oath of office. As co- chairman of law enforcement in the Congress of the United States for over 14 years, I am very close to the law en-forcement community. I think we ought to hesitate a second before we start pointing fingers. We are good at it, all of us, on both sides. While we are doing that, most of our constituents are concerned about how to defend middle class jobs and bolster our manufacturing base. The majority of Americans agree that keeping U.S. jobs from moving overseas should be a top priority. Yet, despite the empty promises made by this President, the flow of jobs overseas has not stopped. Mr. Speaker, the administration had awarded government contracts to com-panies that continue to offshore jobs. This is worse than empty words. These are the facts. In fact, we use our tax money to help those corporations go offshore. I hope that makes you feel really good. In December, then-President-elect Trump told hundreds of workers at the Carrier manufacturing plant in Indiana that he would save their jobs. Six hun-dred union jobs from that plant are moving to Monterrey, Mexico. This is happening despite Carrier receiving $7 million in tax incentives from the State of Indiana to keep the plant open. Chuck Jones, president of United Steelworkers Local 1999, which rep-resents Carrier employees, said that the President ‘‘lied his’’ you know what ‘‘off.’’ Layoffs at the company start July 20. We don’t stop companies from offshoring American jobs by holding rallies. We do it by making good pol-icy, an exercise this administration and this Congress has refused. So what we haven’t settled for—and we can’t—is empty words and pyrrhic victories while we undermine our val-ues. If they want to change that, my friends on the other side can start right now, and we will help them. Under current law, when companies move overseas, we give them a tax break for the cost. That is unbeliev-able. We need to stop offshoring. This Congress could defeat the previous question and bring up the Bring Jobs Home Act. This bill eliminates the tax deduction. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentleman. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, this bill gives a tax credit of up to 20 per-cent of the cost to U.S. businesses that bring jobs back to the United States. The companies would have to add jobs to claim the tax credit. Let’s stop subsidizing companies that ship jobs overseas, and start bringing jobs back to our shores. In fact, we used it in the last campaign as a reason why we have a problem with employ-ment, because the immigrants take these jobs. That has been an empty fact. No details. No facts. No science. Mr. Speaker, it doesn’t get much simpler than this. This is not a new idea. President Obama and Congress raised the bill for years. The House blocked it on the majority—on the other side. Senator STABENOW of Michigan leads this bill in the Senate, where it cleared a procedural vote 93–7. I challenge you today to stop the small talk, put your money where your mouth is, take up and pass this bill to stand for American manufacturing and the workers here at home who need help. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous question so we can bring up the Bring Jobs Home Act and start bringing jobs back to the United States. Mr. Speaker, I will take a back seat to no one when it comes to upholding the law. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair would remind Members that re-marks in debate may not engage in personalities toward the President of the United States, including by repeat-ing remarks made elsewhere that would be improper if spoken in the Member’s own words. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 6 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. B
ABIN). Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in strong support of Kate’s Law and the No Sanctuary for Crimi-nals Act. This Saturday, July 1, marks 2 years since the tragic death of 32-year-old Kate Steinle, who was shot and killed by an illegal immigrant who had seven prior felony convictions and who had also been deported five times. b1315 Kate’s death is a clear reminder that we must do more to stop the abuse of our immigration laws by criminals who repeatedly flaunt the rule of law by il-legally reentering the United States. Kate’s Law puts in place new guide-lines for stiffer penalties for criminal aliens who continue to reenter the United States illegally. Kate’s Law is desperately needed to protect the resi-dents of the State of Texas. Nicodemo Coria-Gonzalez—who had been deported five times to Mexico for crimes, including three DWIs—reen-tered the United States illegally and was charged with committing multiple sexual assaults and kidnapped a woman solely for the purpose of setting her on fire. Current policy enables criminals to roam American streets—no matter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.026 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5313 June 29, 2017 
where they come from—with little fear of arrest and deportation. Kate’s Law imposes stronger consequences and is an important step in restoring law and order. It will protect American lives. Sadly, there are local and State offi-cials in our great Nation who put the interests of criminal aliens before the safety of American citizens. These offi-cials should take the time to meet with the families of the many victims of these criminal aliens, like I have. They will see the resulting tragedy of sanc-tuary city policies. To rein in such States and localities, we need to pass the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, which will impose con-sequences on State and local jurisdic-tions that ignore Federal immigration law by refusing to work with Federal immigration officials to remove crimi-nal aliens from the United States. In the first month of the Trump ad-ministration, Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement issued over 3,000 de-tainers. These are orders for local au-thorities to keep criminal aliens in custody for 48 hours to enable ICE agents to come and get them for depor-tation. Remarkably, 206 of these de-tainers were declined by sanctuary city jurisdictions. In other words, local au-thorities deliberately ignored ICE’s de-tainer request and released these dan-gerous individuals onto American streets. These weren’t just petty criminals, folks. Their crimes included homicide, rape, assault, domestic violence, inde-cent exposure to a minor, sex offenses against a minor, aggravated assault with a weapon, vehicle theft, kidnap-ping, driving under the influence, hit and run, and sexual assault. Passing the No Sanctuary for Crimi-nals Act is common sense, as it cuts off certain Federal Department of Justice grants to these sanctuary cities. Our bill redirects these funds to States and localities that are cooperating with Federal immigration authorities and making America safer. The message of this legislation is clear: American taxpayers are tired of footing the bill for States and local-ities that threaten their safety. Criminal aliens with final deporta-tion orders make up more than 50 per-cent of foreign-born inmates sitting in our prisons right now. Our streets will be made safer by deporting these crimi-nal aliens, rather than letting them loose onto American streets. Local law enforcement officials should work with Federal law enforce-ment agencies to keep criminals out of our country and off of these streets. This is why we must pass Kate’s Law and the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act to prevent other deaths like Kate Steinle’s. I am proud to support these two com-monsense, law and order bills, and strongly urge my House colleagues to vote in favor of them today. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K ING), one of the leading voices in Congress, not only on this issue, but also issues of great importance and it’s Americanism: that our country is a great country, and that we live in the greatest country in the world. There isn’t one time that I am not around this gentleman that he does not speak about American exceptionalism, the rule of law, and the important at-tributes of our country that make us world leaders. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recip-rocate in a compliment to the gen-tleman from Texas, who stands here and leads in this Congress every day, and takes on a heavy load in the Rules Committee. A lot of times those are late night meetings—maybe the rest of us have put our feet up, not so much me, but some of the rest of us, Mr. Speaker—and P
ETE SESSIONS is up there working away, keeping organiza-tion in this House, and helping bring these things to the floor. We would not be here on the floor today if we didn’t have a Rules Committee to work with and that cooperated. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man G
OODLATTE for joining with me on this and putting his name on top of this bill as chairman of the Judiciary Committee, or we would be still stuck back in hearings and markups. This is a great week to be debating these immigration bills that are here. A big reason for that is that this is a hold-their-feet-to-the-fire week that many of us have joined, as the radio talk show hosts that believe in secure borders, the rule of law, enforcing im-migration law, and building a wall come together at the Phoenix Park Hotel in Washington, D.C. We talk about the rule of law and enforcing im-migration law. That has gone on now for a long time. I have joined in most of those. But, also, this is a week that the grieving families, who have lost a loved one at the hands of a criminal alien in this country, have not only come to this city and joined in the radio discus-sion that has taken place at the Phoe-nix Park Hotel, but they also were in-vited out to the White House to meet with the President yesterday, where there were a number of these families that were there to be represented and respected. I would say two-thirds to three-quarters of them are people who I have worked with from nearly the be-ginning of the tragedy that struck their family. I am greatly respectful of the indi-viduals who have had the courage to step forward that President Trump has identified. I recall those times when he asked some of these families—Jamiel Shaw, for example; Michelle Root; Mary Ann Mendoza; and Sabine Durden, whose son Dominic was killed by an illegal alien. These families are families that have paid a huge price, but they were strong enough and courageous enough to step up on the stage with Presidential can-didate Donald Trump and recount their stories to the media, some of them to speak before the national convention and reiterate these stories. Just this morning, I heard Jamiel Shaw reiterate the story of the murder of his son that took place within the sound of the gunshots of the living room that Jamiel Shaw was sitting in. I have heard that now for 9 years, but the pain has not gone out of his voice, Mr. Speaker. We have some obligations here. And I heard it in the previous speaker: Keep our people safe. Well, of those who die at the hands of criminal aliens, illegal aliens—anyone who is unlawfully present in America and perpetrates violence against an American citizen, kills an American citizen, or someone who is lawfully present in America—every one of those are preventable crimes, 100 percent pre-ventable crimes. I would just direct the attention here, Mr. Speaker, of a tweet that I had them pull down for me. I didn’t know the date, but I saw the news story about Kate Steinle. It says: ‘‘Family devastated after woman shot, killed in San Francisco. ‘‘The family of a San Francisco woman who was killed in a seemingly random act of violence is mourning her loss as police continue to search for a . . . .’’ And then it is lost in space—the arti-cle that I read. But it must have been published on the 2nd of July—she was killed on the 1st—of 2015. My tweet came up on the 3rd, the very next day. I didn’t stop to think about it. I didn’t wait to see if it became a national story that Bill O’Reilly would bring up. By the way, I thank Bill O’Reilly. He helped a lot in getting us here today. But here is a message I sent out, with a picture of Kate Steinle. It says: ‘‘100 percent preventable crime. Just en-force the law. This will make you cry, too, and it happens every day.’’ That is within only 142 characters, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a tweet regarding Sarah Root. 
Sarah Root, 21, would be alive, living & loving life if Obama had not violated his oath & ordered ICE to stand down. Teen charged in Iowa woman’s death may’ve fled the country Authorities say a teenager who was at the wheel of a car that was involved in a crash in Omaha last month that killed an Iowa woman has missed a court hearing and may have fled the count . . . 
Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, every day in this country, at the hands of criminal aliens, people who are law-fully here are suffering, and they are paying a huge price. There isn’t a way that we quantify loss to a crime. The crime victim is often out of the equa-tion when it comes to enforcing the law. I sat in on a case where I was the sub-ject of a severe property rights crime. I listened to them announce the case, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:20 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.028 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5314 June 29, 2017 
the case of the State v.—I remember his name—Jason Martin Powell. It oc-curred to me that I am not in this. My name isn’t part of the proceedings be-cause we don’t honor the victims enough. Well, we are honoring them here today in a couple of pieces of legisla-tion that are coming down, and we are honoring the life of Kate Steinle, and we are honoring the work of Jim Steinle, the rest of her family, and all of those adults who came forward and put their necks on the line for this. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), a gentleman who my party prays for on a daily basis. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we have heard a lot. We hear every day about healthcare. This is a healthcare bill. It is for the health of Americans, the physical health of people, so that they have the right to good health, health that is sometimes prevented by those people who are foreign nationals that commit crimes in the U.S., go to prison, get de-ported, go back, come back to the U.S., and commit another crime. It is a healthcare bill. And I would hope that our friends on the other side would vote for at least one healthcare bill this year, and this is that bill. The idea that a person could commit a crime in this country, get deported, come back, commit more crimes back and forth across the border, as we have heard, and continue to do it with law-lessness and arrogance is nonsense be-cause the law is not enforced. Our cities talk about the immigrant communities that live there. I live in Houston, Texas. This bill helps protect the immigrant population. We have got MS–13 gangs, criminal gangs, who come to the U.S. They set up shop in our im-migrant communities, they terrorize those communities, and they do it with lawlessness because they believe, if they ever get caught, they will eventu-ally be able to come back into the United States and continue their wick-ed ways. This bill helps prevent that. If cities do not want to protect their immigrant communities, and law enforcement does not want to help enforce the law, then those communities shouldn’t get Federal funds for law enforcement. That is what these two bills do. So I would hope Members of Congress would understand the importance that this bill deals with criminal aliens that run through the United States commit-ting crimes, get deported, and continue to come back. This legislation helps us, all together, to protect the American health of everybody—those people who live in big cities and those people who live in small cities. It is a bill that pro-tects the people who live in the United States and makes them healthier be-cause we make sure that those people, who want us to be unhealthy by their criminal violent acts, are not in the United States. And that is just the way it is. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, this is the 38th closed rule allowing no amendments that House Republicans have brought to the floor this year alone, and it is only June. At this rate, the majority is well on its way to becoming the most closed Congress in history. Regular order seems to be a thing of the past under this leadership, with bills coming to the House floor, as these two are, for a vote without even going through the committee process. The immigration bills we considered this week didn’t even go through reg-ular order. The disastrous healthcare repeal bill, which would impact one- sixth of the Nation’s economy, didn’t get a single hearing, and hardly any-body saw it. No experts were ever called to discuss its impacts, and it was jammed through the Chamber last month with-out even a score from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office outlining its costs or its impacts. The Senate has also completely bypassed the com-mittee process. I was proud to bring the Affordable Care Act, as I said earlier, to the House floor in 2009, as chair of the Rules Com-mittee. That process couldn’t have been more different. Let me remind those watching today that the House held 79 bipartisan hear-ings and markups on health insurance reform in 2009 and 2010. During this time, House Members heard from 181 witnesses from both sides of the aisle, considered 239 Democratic and Repub-lican amendments, and accepted 121 of them. b1330 That process was entirely different from what we go through today. In fact, a lot of the Members of the House are really cut out of most of the proc-ess. The idea of getting an amendment is really pretty rare. The legislation we consider here should be able to withstand scrutiny, but, more and more, the Nation’s busi-ness is done in the dark, or by a few people. Let’s get out of the back rooms, Mr. Speaker, and let legislators of both parties do their job under an open proc-ess. That is what the Speaker promised when he took the gavel, and it is what all the books and Rules of the House of Representatives desire, and it is cer-tainly what the American people de-serve. Mr. Speaker, we should not consider a bill that would cost tens of millions of people to lose health insurance, and not consider the anti-immigration bills before us today. So I am going to urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous question, on the rule, and the bill, and hope for better days. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the dialogue today with the gen-tlewoman, my friend, from New York, the ranking member of the committee, not only for her professional conduct today, but also for her day-to-day serv-ice to the Rules Committee as both she and I work through these difficult issues that face our great Nation. Mr. Speaker, what we are doing here today has a lot to do with two bills that were taken out of a larger immi-gration bill. Yesterday, we heard a de-bate on H.R. 3003, and today, on H.R. 3004. They are, in sense, companion bills. Balancing acts is what I would refer to them as, acts about addressing two very specific problems that are in our country that are very interrelated. These are law enforcement bills. Make no mistake about it. These are not political. These are law enforce-ment bills. These are law enforcement bills that are designed to make sure that we effectively codify into Federal law the viewpoint that cities cannot harbor criminals, rapists, murderers, or people who are robbing and killing people as they choose—multiple times—and cities turning a blind eye to not even recognize requests from other cities that might want these people, but also from the Federal Government. The second bill that we have got is one that says that what we are going to do is not only not fund these cities that are sanctuary cities, but we are going to deal more effectively with these criminals in the system. That is Kate’s Law. Both of these bills, H.R. 3004 and H.R. 3003, effectively balance each other be-cause, as Members of Congress, we hear from people back home, many times, not just families from people who are impacted, but really citizens who are worried about our country dividing itself on this issue of criminals. Make no mistake about it, these are criminals. Make no mistake about it, this is a law enforcement bill. Make no mistake about it, the United States Congress needs to ensure that our cit-ies and States follow the laws, the Fed-eral laws that we know have been, not only cleared by Congress, but signed by the President of the United States. They will be subject to review by the courts. We will be very pleased to take that review also. Because, in fact, what we are doing is protecting American citizens. We are answering the call. And I would say, we are also making sure that we support the President of the United States, President Trump, who spoke very clearly on these issues, not only during the campaign, but he was elected therein. I urge my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying legislation. The material previously referred to by Ms. S
LAUGHTER is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 415 O FFERED BY  M
S. SLAUGHTER  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.030 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5315 June 29, 2017 
SEC7. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 685) to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to encourage do-mestic insourcing and discourage foreign outsourcing. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 8. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 685. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 235, nays 190, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 339] YEAS—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.005 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5316 June 29, 2017 
Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—8 
Cummings Engel Franks (AZ) Gutie´rrez Long Napolitano Scalise Stivers 
b1357 Mr. RUSH changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. WALKER and WITTMAN changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 236, noes 191, not voting 6, as follows: 
[Roll No. 340] AYES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—191 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—6 
Cummings Franks (AZ) Long Napolitano Scalise Stivers 
b1404 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-sent during rollcall votes No. 339 and No. 340 due to my spouse’s health situation in Cali-fornia. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on the motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consider-ation of 3004. I would have also voted ‘‘nay’’ on H. Res. 415—Rule providing for consider-ation of H.R. 3004—Kate’s Law. 
f 
NO SANCTUARY FOR CRIMINALS ACT Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 414, I call up the bill (H.R. 3003) to amend the Immi-gration and Nationality Act to modify provisions relating to assistance by States, and political subdivision of States, in the enforcement of Federal immigration laws, and for other pur-poses, and ask for its immediate con-sideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). Pursuant to House Resolu-tion 414, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3003 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘No Sanc-tuary for Criminals Act’’. 
SEC. 2. STATE NONCOMPLIANCE WITH ENFORCE-MENT OF IMMIGRATION LAW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373) is amend-ed— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of Federal, State, or local law, no Federal, State, or local government entity, and no individual, may prohibit or in any way restrict, a Federal, State, or local government entity, official, or other per-sonnel from complying with the immigration laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17))), or from assisting or cooperating with Federal law enforcement entities, offi-cials, or other personnel regarding the en-forcement of these laws.’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) L
AWENFORCEMENT ACTIVITIES .—Not- withstanding any other provision of Federal, State, or local law, no Federal, State, or local government entity, and no individual, may prohibit, or in any way restrict, a Fed-eral, State, or local government entity, offi-cial, or other personnel from undertaking any of the following law enforcement activi-ties as they relate to information regarding 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.006 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5317 June 29, 2017 
the citizenship or immigration status, lawful or unlawful, the inadmissibility or deport-ability, or the custody status, of any indi-vidual: ‘‘(1) Making inquiries to any individual in order to obtain such information regarding such individual or any other individuals. ‘‘(2) Notifying the Federal Government re-garding the presence of individuals who are encountered by law enforcement officials or other personnel of a State or political sub-division of a State. ‘‘(3) Complying with requests for such in-formation from Federal law enforcement en-tities, officials, or other personnel.’’; (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Immigra-tion and Naturalization Service’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Department of Homeland Security’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) C
OMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBILITY FOR CERTAIN GRANT PRO -
GRAMS .—A State, or a political subdivision of a State, that is found not to be in compli-ance with subsection (a) or (b) shall not be eligible to receive— ‘‘(A) any of the funds that would otherwise be allocated to the State or political subdivi-sion under section 241(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(i)), the ‘Cops on the Beat’ program under part Q of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3796dd et seq.), or the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program under subpart 1 of part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3750 et seq.); or ‘‘(B) any other grant administered by the Department of Justice or the Department of Homeland Security that is substantially re-lated to law enforcement, terrorism, na-tional security, immigration, or naturaliza-tion. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF CUSTODY OF ALIENS PEND -
ING REMOVAL PROCEEDINGS .—The Secretary, at the Secretary’s discretion, may decline to transfer an alien in the custody of the De-partment of Homeland Security to a State or political subdivision of a State found not to be in compliance with subsection (a) or (b), regardless of whether the State or political subdivision of the State has issued a writ or warrant. ‘‘(3) T
RANSFER OF CUSTODY OF CERTAIN  
ALIENS PROHIBITED .—The Secretary shall not transfer an alien with a final order of re-moval pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) or (5) of section 241(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)) to a State or a political subdivision of a State that is found not to be in compliance with sub-section (a) or (b). ‘‘(4) A
NNUAL DETERMINATION .—The Sec-retary shall determine for each calendar year which States or political subdivision of States are not in compliance with subsection (a) or (b) and shall report such determina-tions to Congress by March 1 of each suc-ceeding calendar year. ‘‘(5) R
EPORTS .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall issue a report concerning the compliance with subsections (a) and (b) of any particular State or political subdivision of a State at the request of the House or the Senate Judiciary Committee. Any jurisdic-tion that is found not to be in compliance shall be ineligible to receive Federal finan-cial assistance as provided in paragraph (1) for a minimum period of 1 year, and shall only become eligible again after the Sec-retary of Homeland Security certifies that the jurisdiction has come into compliance. ‘‘(6) R
EALLOCATION .—Any funds that are not allocated to a State or to a political sub-division of a State due to the failure of the State or of the political subdivision of the State to comply with subsection (a) or (b) shall be reallocated to States or to political subdivisions of States that comply with both such subsections. ‘‘(e) CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall require law enforcement officials from States, or from political subdivisions of States, to report or arrest victims or wit-nesses of a criminal offense.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, except that subsection (d) of section 642 of the Ille-gal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Re-sponsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373), as added by this section, shall apply only to prohibited acts committed on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. CLARIFYING THE AUTHORITY OF ICE DE-TAINERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 287(d) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(d)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) D
ETAINER OF INADMISSIBLE OR DEPORT -
ABLE ALIENS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual who is arrested by any Federal, State, or local law enforcement official or other personnel for the alleged violation of any criminal or motor vehicle law, the Secretary may issue a detainer regarding the indi-vidual to any Federal, State, or local law en-forcement entity, official, or other personnel if the Secretary has probable cause to be-lieve that the individual is an inadmissible or deportable alien. ‘‘(2) P
ROBABLE CAUSE .—Probable cause is deemed to be established if— ‘‘(A) the individual who is the subject of the detainer matches, pursuant to biometric confirmation or other Federal database records, the identity of an alien who the Sec-retary has reasonable grounds to believe to be inadmissible or deportable; ‘‘(B) the individual who is the subject of the detainer is the subject of ongoing re-moval proceedings, including matters where a charging document has already been served; ‘‘(C) the individual who is the subject of the detainer has previously been ordered re-moved from the United States and such an order is administratively final; ‘‘(D) the individual who is the subject of the detainer has made voluntary statements or provided reliable evidence that indicate that they are an inadmissible or deportable alien; or ‘‘(E) the Secretary otherwise has reason-able grounds to believe that the individual who is the subject of the detainer is an inad-missible or deportable alien. ‘‘(3) T
RANSFER OF CUSTODY .—If the Federal, State, or local law enforcement entity, offi-cial, or other personnel to whom a detainer is issued complies with the detainer and de-tains for purposes of transfer of custody to the Department of Homeland Security the individual who is the subject of the detainer, the Department may take custody of the in-dividual within 48 hours (excluding weekends and holidays), but in no instance more than 96 hours, following the date that the indi-vidual is otherwise to be released from the custody of the relevant Federal, State, or local law enforcement entity.’’. (b) I
MMUNITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A State or a political sub-division of a State (and the officials and per-sonnel of the State or subdivision acting in their official capacities), and a nongovern-mental entity (and its personnel) contracted by the State or political subdivision for the purpose of providing detention, acting in compliance with a Department of Homeland Security detainer issued pursuant to this section who temporarily holds an alien in its custody pursuant to the terms of a detainer so that the alien may be taken into the cus-tody of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, shall be considered to be acting under color of Federal authority for purposes of de-termining their liability and shall be held harmless for their compliance with the de-tainer in any suit seeking any punitive, com-pensatory, or other monetary damages. (2) FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AS DEFENDANT .— In any civil action arising out of the compli-ance with a Department of Homeland Secu-rity detainer by a State or a political sub-division of a State (and the officials and per-sonnel of the State or subdivision acting in their official capacities), or a nongovern-mental entity (and its personnel) contracted by the State or political subdivision for the purpose of providing detention, the United States Government shall be the proper party named as the defendant in the suit in regard to the detention resulting from compliance with the detainer. (3) B
AD FAITH EXCEPTION .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply to any mistreatment of an individual by a State or a political sub-division of a State (and the officials and per-sonnel of the State or subdivision acting in their official capacities), or a nongovern-mental entity (and its personnel) contracted by the State or political subdivision for the purpose of providing detention. (c) P
RIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION .— (1) C
AUSE OF ACTION .—Any individual, or a spouse, parent, or child of that individual (if the individual is deceased), who is the victim of a murder, rape, or any felony, as defined by the State, for which an alien (as defined in section 101(a)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(3))) has been convicted and sentenced to a term of impris-onment of at least one year, may bring an action against a State or political subdivi-sion of a State in the appropriate Federal or State court if the State or political subdivi-sion released the alien from custody prior to the commission of such crime as a con-sequence of the State or political subdivi-sion’s declining to honor a detainer issued pursuant to section 287(d)(1) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(d)(1)). (2) L
IMITATION ON BRINGING ACTION .—An ac- tion brought under this subsection may not be brought later than ten years following the occurrence of the crime, or death of a person as a result of such crime, whichever occurs later. (3) A
TTORNEY ’S FEE AND OTHER COSTS .—In any action or proceeding under this sub-section the court shall allow a prevailing plaintiff a reasonable attorneys’ fee as part of the costs, and include expert fees as part of the attorneys’ fee. 
SEC. 4. SARAH AND GRANT’S LAW. 
(a) D ETENTION OF ALIENS DURING REMOVAL  P
ROCEEDINGS .— (1) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—(A) Section 236 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226) is amended by striking ‘‘Attor-ney General’’ each place it appears (except in the second place that term appears in sec-tion 236(a)) and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’. (B) Section 236(a) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1226(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the Sec-retary of Homeland Security or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney General—’’. (C) Section 236(e) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1226(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘Attorney General’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’s’’. (2) L
ENGTH OF DETENTION .—Section 236 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1226) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) L
ENGTH OF DETENTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, an alien may be detained, and for an alien described in subsection (c) shall be detained, under this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.009 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5318 June 29, 2017 
section without time limitation, except as provided in subsection (h), during the pend-ency of removal proceedings. ‘‘(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The length of deten-tion under this section shall not affect de-tention under section 241.’’. (3) D
ETENTION OF CRIMINAL ALIENS .—Sec- tion 236(c)(1) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1226(c)(1)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) is unlawfully present in the United States and has been convicted for driving while intoxicated (including a conviction for driving while under the influence or im-paired by alcohol or drugs) without regard to whether the conviction is classified as a mis-demeanor or felony under State law, or ‘‘(F)(i)(I) is inadmissible under section 212(a)(6)(i), ‘‘(II) is deportable by reason of a visa rev-ocation under section 221(i), or ‘‘(III) is deportable under section 237(a)(1)(C)(i), and ‘‘(ii) has been arrested or charged with a particularly serious crime or a crime result-ing in the death or serious bodily injury (as defined in section 1365(h)(3) of title 18, United States Code) of another person;’’; and (C) by amending the matter following sub-paragraph (F) (as added by subparagraph (B) of this paragraph) to read as follows: ‘‘any time after the alien is released, with-out regard to whether an alien is released re-lated to any activity, offense, or conviction described in this paragraph; to whether the alien is released on parole, supervised re-lease, or probation; or to whether the alien may be arrested or imprisoned again for the same offense. If the activity described in this paragraph does not result in the alien being taken into custody by any person other than the Secretary, then when the alien is brought to the attention of the Secretary or when the Secretary determines it is prac-tical to take such alien into custody, the Secretary shall take such alien into cus-tody.’’. (4) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .—Section 236 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226), as amended by paragraph (2), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .—The Attor-ney General’s review of the Secretary’s cus-tody determinations under subsection (a) for the following classes of aliens shall be lim-ited to whether the alien may be detained, released on bond (of at least $1,500 with secu-rity approved by the Secretary), or released with no bond: ‘‘(1) Aliens in exclusion proceedings. ‘‘(2) Aliens described in section 212(a)(3) or 237(a)(4). ‘‘(3) Aliens described in subsection (c). ‘‘(h) R
ELEASE ON BOND.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien detained under subsection (a) may seek release on bond. No bond may be granted except to an alien who establishes by clear and convincing evidence that the alien is not a flight risk or a danger to another person or the community. ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN ALIENS INELIGIBLE .—No alien detained under subsection (c) may seek re-lease on bond.’’. (5) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—(A) Section 236(a)(2)(B) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226(a)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘conditional parole’’ and insert-ing ‘‘recognizance’’. (B) Section 236(b) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1226(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘parole’’ and inserting ‘‘recognizance’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to any alien in detention under the provisions of section 236 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226), as so amended, or otherwise subject to the provi-sions of such section, on or after such date. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.R. 3003. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. This simple, straightforward bill com-bats dangerous sanctuary policies that permit criminals to go free. We are all too familiar with how sanctuary poli-cies have devastated families across the United States, and today we are taking action to prevent these sense-less tragedies and save American lives. For years, the lack of immigration enforcement and spread of sanctuary policies have cost too many lives. The Obama administration encouraged or, at the very least, turned a blind eye to jurisdictions nationwide that imple-mented sanctuary policies designed to prevent U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement from being able to effec-tively enforce Federal law. Foolhardy jurisdictions continue to pass legisla-tion and implement policies aimed at stymieing and maligning Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Earlier this year, a Baltimore City Council member introduced a resolu-tion calling on ICE to arrest only those posing a ‘‘serious risk.’’ In discussing this initiative, the council member lik-ened ICE officers to Nazis several times. Such rhetoric is reprehensible, creating a moral equivalent between genocide and a nation exercising a fun-damental right and obligation of sov-ereignty. In a deeply troubling move on the other coast, San Francisco announced that it would no longer participate in the Joint Terrorism Task Force be-cause of concerns that the task force’s duties may coincide with immigration enforcement. Sanctuary policies often focus on flouting ICE detainers, notices issued by ICE to allow it to take custody of aliens in law enforcement custody in order to initiate removal proceedings. These irresponsible policies have led to a sharp drop in ICE’s intake of aliens from criminal detention facili-ties, which forces ICE agents to engage in the far more time-consuming and dangerous task of picking them up on the streets. This, among other factors, led to a drop in the number of criminal aliens removed from the interior of the United States from almost 87,000 in fis-cal year 2014 to approximately 63,500 the following 2 fiscal years. We must discourage, not encourage, sanctuary policies and practices. H.R. 3003 addresses sanctuary policies and also takes great strides in clarifying Federal immigration detainer policy. Since the 1990s, Federal law has barred jurisdictions from restricting communication with Federal immigra-tion officials regarding immigration status; however, this provision has never been enforced. H.R. 3003 amends current law and expands this prohibi-tion against impeding Federal law en-forcement. Instead of merely focussing on communication, the bill ensures that no jurisdiction may restrict as-sistance or compliance with immigra-tion enforcement. To be clear, this bill imposes no af-firmative duty to act on the part of any jurisdiction. Should a jurisdiction not comply with this provision, the ju-risdiction will not be eligible for cer-tain grant programs administered by the Department of Justice and Home-land Security. Eligibility for many of these grant programs is already predi-cated on compliance with this provi-sion in the Immigration and Nation-ality Act. This section is also in line with a re-cent memo by Attorney General Ses-sions outlining compliance with this provision as the single factor that the Justice Department will use in identi-fying sanctuary jurisdictions. Regarding detainer policy, Congress has long heard that jurisdictions will not comply with ICE requests to hold individuals due to a lack of probable cause inherent in the detainer. I am pleased that H.R. 3003 provides the probable cause standards necessary to ensure that ICE only places detainers on aliens for whom they have probable cause and are deportable. In addition, the bill mandates that ICE must take custody of the subject of a detainer within 48 hours, excluding weekends and holidays. Jurisdictions who comply in good faith with detainer requests will be immune from liability associated with that detainer, and if such an action does arise, the U.S. Gov-ernment will substitute itself in as the defendant. This ensures that jurisdic-tions do not go bankrupt defending against never-ending litigation. And in those jurisdictions that refuse to honor a detainer resulting in an alien com-mitting a crime, the victim or victim’s family will be provided with the oppor-tunity to bring a lawsuit against that jurisdiction. The third section of H.R. 3003 is named for Sarah Root and Grant Ronnebeck, two young people whose lives were suddenly taken by criminal aliens who remain at large today. This section was originally introduced as separate bills by Judiciary Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.009 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5319 June 29, 2017 
members S TEVE KINGand A NDYBIGGS, who worked tirelessly to bring these tragic cases to the attention of the committee and the Congress. This section provides that aliens who are arrested or charged with serious crimes that result in death or serious bodily injury of another must be held without bond during the pendency of their removal proceedings. b1415 In addition, aliens convicted of even one drunk driving offense will also be ineligible for bond during their re-moval proceedings. The latter would have prevented the August 2010 death of Sister Denise Mosier, a Catholic nun in Virginia, at the hands of a drunk driving illegal alien who was released from ICE custody on bond. These class-es of individuals present a clear and present danger to society and should not be permitted to roam our commu-nities during the pendency of their re-moval hearings. The commonsense provisions of H.R. 3003 will provide better immigration enforcement and the peace of mind that no criminal will be provided sanc-tuary from our immigration laws. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to be clear at the outset of this debate that this legisla-tion does nothing to make our commu-nities safer, and it does nothing to im-prove our immigration system. In-stead, H.R. 3003 will trample the rights of States and localities to determine what is in the best interest of their public safety, and it will conscript law enforcement to enforce Federal immi-gration law. The ultimate experts on community safety are communities themselves, and hundreds of them have determined that, as community trust increases, crime decreases. This is because immi-grants will come out of the shadows and report crimes to local law enforce-ment when they are not threatened with deportation. In fact, a recent study found that community trust ju-risdictions are actually safer than their counterparts. Against this considered judgment, H.R. 3003 forces localities to abandon community trust principles and man-dates the conscription of local offices into Federal immigration enforcement. Some localities, of course, would right-fully resist this conscription. As pun-ishment, H.R. 3003 would rob them of vital law enforcement funding that they depend on to prevent crime, pros-ecute criminals, and boost community policing ranks. Localities, therefore, would face a losing choice: they can abandon com-munity trust policies and leave their communities in danger, or they can leave community trust policies in place but forgo law enforcement fund-ing, leaving their community in dan-ger. It is important that we consider that this is more than just bad policy. It is also likely unconstitutional for mul-tiple reasons. First, H.R. 3003 likely violates the 10th Amendment by com-mandeering States to comply with de-tainer requests that drain their re-sources. In addition, the bill’s changes to the Department of Homeland Security’s de-tainer authority exacerbate the cur-rent Fourth Amendment concerns asso-ciated with immigration detainers. The bill does not require any particularized finding about the individual that may form the basis of a probable cause de-termination and fails to provide for a prompt judicial determination of prob-able cause. The bill further compounds constitu-tional concerns by eliminating the ability for a detained individual to ob-tain an independent, individualized re-view of his or her bond determination by a neutral decisionmaker. For these reasons—and there are oth-ers—I urge my colleagues to please op-pose this dangerous, mean-spirited, and constitutionally suspect legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING), who is a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Judiciary Committee not only for working with and cooperating on all this legislation, but for the relentless work that has come forward in the committee. He has spent a lot of time on this floor and in committee, and we are getting some progress here today. This is a big week, and we are start-ing to restore the rule of law. The sanc-tuary cities legislation, which is before us right now, is something I just looked back through my records and wondered: How long have I slugged away on this? The first amendment I brought was in 2005 to cut off some funding to sanc-tuary cities. At each appropriations op-portunity, along with CJS and Home-land Security, when there was a chance, I would bring another amend-ment and another amendment, 2005 on through 2014 and 2015. In 2015, then I in-troduced the broader sanctuary cities legislation which is the basis for this legislation. I also had the misfortune and fortune of having the Root family as my con-stituents. Sarah Root was tragically killed by an illegal alien on the streets. Her father and mother both have been here to testify. Her mother is in town this day. Her father, Scott Root, testi-fied before the committee. He said this: 
They bailed the killer of my daughter out of jail for less money than it took to bury her, and he was out of this country before we could have the funeral. 
Those words were some of the most chilling and mournful words that I have heard in this Congress. This bill today honors his daughter’s life, Michelle’s daughter’s life, Sarah, and it also brings into play the enforcement that we need to have. We have got to put an end to sanc-tuary cities and ban those policies— which the bill does—block the DOJ grants if they don’t comply with the Federal law, and refuse the warrants to the sanctuary cities because they will just release them on the streets and let ICE take custody of them within 48 hours. And then the good faith hold harmless for ICE detainers, when they got the wrong recommendation out of the Obama administration, this makes the right recommendation to local ju-risdictions. The private cause of action is also very useful to us. It is a good, solid bill. I thank the chairman and all those who put the work in this today, and I urge its passage. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. LOFGREN ), who is a senior member of the House Judiciary Com-mittee. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, this bill isn’t about fixing our immigration sys-tem. In fact, it makes the system more dysfunctional and puts communities in peril. This bill is about telling commu-nities how to police themselves and protect their people. It says: We here in D.C. know better than you do, local po-lice, across the United States. Now, 600 or more local governments engaged in what they call community trust policies. These policies promote, among other things, allowing immi-grant victims and witnesses to crime to report these offenses to local au-thorities without fear of immigration consequences. Years of locally in-formed experience have proven that this approach best ensures these com-munities’ safety. I think that is why we have received communications from the National Fraternal Order of Police in opposition to this bill, from the Law Enforcement Task Force—that is 36 sheriffs and chiefs across the country—in opposi-tion to this bill, from the Major Coun-ty Sheriffs of America in opposition to this bill, from the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence against this bill, as well as the U.S. Conference of Mayors, the National League of Cities, and the National As-sociation of Counties. ICE is not prohibited from doing their job, but as the San Jose Police Department has told me, San Jose po-lice are not enforcing the securities laws, they are not enforcing the Fed-eral tax laws, and they are not enforc-ing the immigration laws of the United States. They are doing their job to pro-tect their community against crime. Now, because they are doing that, the threat is to remove funding from jurisdictions. Now, what would that funding be? It is grants against violent gangs. It is grants for the Anti-Heroin Task Force and the Anti-Methamphetamine Program, grants on port security to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.039 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5320 June 29, 2017 
prevent terrorists from getting into the United States, and grants for the BioWatch Program to prevent terror-ists from getting biohazards and kill-ing us all. That is not smart to take those pro-grams away from local governments that are working with us to help keep America safe. Now, I always think, as I said earlier, we are not doing bumper stickers here. We are doing laws. It is important to take a look at the details of what is in this proposed bill. In addition to ban-ning collaborative grants with local-ities, the remedies it has made avail-able is if a community has a commu-nity trust policy, the Department of Homeland Security can refuse to honor warrants—legal warrants—that are issued by that jurisdiction. That is astonishing. That is simply astonishing because what the local governments have said on the detainer policies is that the Fourth Amendment prevents them from holding people whose sentences have been served. In fact, there are a number of Federal courts that have made that determina-tion, you can’t hold somebody on a civil detainer request without vio-lating the Fourth Amendment. There is a remedy to that: get a war-rant like anybody else. The Fourth Amendment means something, and there is a remedy. Go get a warrant. I don’t know why our Federal Govern-ment feels that they can upend con-stitutional law for their own conven-ience. Now, there is a provision in this bill that I find shocking. What it says is that if local governments violate the law—violate a court order—that they cannot violate the Fourth Amendment, that they are immunized, the Federal Government is going to pay, go ahead and violate the law. I cannot remember a time when we had a bill before us that said to States and localities: go ahead, violate the law because we are going to indemnify you for the viola-tion. That is not the way our Federal sys-tem should work, and it is not the way those of us who believe in our oath of office to support and defend the Con-stitution of the United States think that things ought to work. Now, finally, it creates something that I think is truly astonishing: a pri-vate cause of action against a State or locality if because the detainer cannot be honored because of the Federal Court cases and a person is released and, for any reason, commits a crime that it is the locality that bears the cost, not the criminal. This is a crazy provision. We should oppose this bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds to say to the gentlewoman from northern California that what is crazy is what the city of San Francisco is doing with their tax-payer dollars, since it was reported just yesterday that San Francisco tax-payers could soon pay $190,000 in a law-suit settlement with an illegal immi-grant who claimed he was reported to Federal immigration authorities in violation of the city of San Francisco’s sanctuary city ordinance. b1430 The city attorney’s office confirmed this, and the settlement is expected to be confirmed by San Francisco’s super-visors in future hearings. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. GOODLATTE. I yield myself an additional 30 seconds. Now, people who are murdered, peo-ple who are injured by people who are unlawfully present in the United States should have their day in court with the city of San Francisco or any-one else just as well as they are appar-ently willing to pay money to people who are illegally in the country be-cause they were properly turned over to Federal authorities to be deported from this country. I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia, our chairman, for his leadership on this, and I rise in strong support of the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, which has been worked on by a whole number of Members of the House. The adoption of dangerous sanctuary policies across the country makes it more difficult to adequately enforce our immigration laws, which, in turn, needlessly puts Americans’ lives at risk. Unfortunately, sanctuary cities that fail to comply with Federal law and de-liberately refuse to cooperate with Federal authorities become safe havens for undocumented criminal immi-grants, because criminals know they are less likely to be detained in those cities, which are, by definition, sanc-tuary cities. Far too many innocent lives are put at risk when a criminal alien con-victed, for example, of drunk driving or charged with another serious offense is not detained so they could be appro-priately dealt with and, if warranted, deported from our country according to the law. That is why it is essential that we pass this resolution, which will strengthen our Nation’s immigration laws, hold sanctuary cities account-able, and enhance public safety by re-quiring detention of criminal aliens. The bottom line is, if we expect our Federal immigration authorities to en-force our Nation’s immigration laws and protect the American people, State and local officials need to cooperate, not defy Federal immigration laws. And those local officials who refuse to do so and instead give so-called sanc-tuary to those that have come to our country illegally and then committed crimes here, they are putting the very people who they were sworn to serve and to protect at risk. And unfortu-nately, this has been happening all over the country, where literally peo-ple come here illegally, commit crimes, and local entities decide not to enforce the law. We need to pass this bill. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ), a gentleman on the committee who has worked tirelessly with myself and Ms. L
OFGREN to make this measure more understandable. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, ever since Donald Trump descended the golden escalators at Trump Tower to announce his candidacy by saying Mexican immigrants are rapists, mur-derers, and drug dealers, the Repub-lican Party has had Mexican fever, and they have been working feverishly to paint immigrants all as criminals. And when something goes bad, they go back to their old favorite. When Trump’s Muslim ban was blocked in the courts, out came the At-torney General to say they were doing everything they could to do more roundups and that no immigrant was safe in America. The Russia investigation not going well for the dear leader at the White House? Hey, let’s whip out that Mexi-can thing, as Vice-President P
ENCE  said. Maybe it will keep our voters happy and distracted. Healthcare not going well? Let’s just hate some Mexicans today. Listen, almost 8 out of 10 Latinos in the United States are citizens, 1 out of 10 are legal permanent residents. That leaves 1 in 10 who are undocumented, but this policy is about going after all of us, whether we are citizens or not of the United States of America. These bills are nothing new, and they are not really about fighting crime. They are about racial profiling and putting Latinos ‘‘in their place.’’ Latinos, African Americans, Muslims, women, they know what it is like to be targeted. Ninety-nine percent of the votes for this bill today will come from people who do not have to worry about racial profiling for themselves, for their chil-dren, or the people who they represent, but let’s be clear. Sheriff Joe Arpaio in Arizona is the poster child for the kinds of policies the Republicans want to impose on every city and county in the country, and we know the results. Sheriff Arpaio embodies racial profiling and rounding up people be-cause they are brown. Oh, we will sort out their papers later, he says, whether they are citizens or legal permanent residents or whatever. I have talked to U.S. citizens who were detained by Sheriff Arpaio be-cause they didn’t carry with them their birth certificate or a passport at all times in the country in which they were born. Let’s be clear. Sheriff Arpaio has been sued successfully to stop his ra-cial profiling, and he has been charged criminally in Federal court for his ra-cial profiling tactics, and still the Re-publicans of the House want to make 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.041 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5321 June 29, 2017 
the law he is being sued for legal in the United States of America. Sometimes Democrats have to stand up for justice, for what is right when the chips are down. Well, the chips are down, and every immigrant family and every immigrant in America is going to remember who stood up for them when they needed Democrats to fight to keep families together when the chips were down. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President or Vice President. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. B
IGGS), a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for yielding and for his leadership on this legislation. It is an honor to serve with him on the House Judiciary Committee. And I am grateful to Representative K
INGas well for producing Sarah’s Law. Today, the House of Representatives can pass a crucial piece of legislation to codify the tenets of two of President Trump’s executive orders on immigra-tion enforcement. H.R. 3003, the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, will finally hold ac-countable States, cities, and local law enforcement agencies that provide safe haven to criminally violent illegal im-migrants by refusing to cooperate with U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement. You know what is astonishing and you know what is shocking, is that there are jurisdictions in this country that blatantly choose to endanger their communities by providing protection to criminals. Passage of H.R. 3003 en-sures that these communities will no longer be given rewards for their dere-liction of duty. Importantly, this bill also contains a section entitled Sarah and Grant’s Law, which recognizes two young Americans who were murdered by criminally violent illegal aliens who had no right to be on our streets. In January 2015, a 21-year-old conven-ience store clerk and constituent of mine, Grant Ronnebeck, was working the graveyard shift at QuickTrip in Mesa, Arizona. Just before 4 a.m., an il-legal alien with a long criminal record, awaiting deportation proceedings, walked in and demanded a pack of cigarettes. When Grant tried to count the money before handing them over, the man shot him and left him to die. Sarah and Grant are far from the only Americans who have been im-pacted by illegal immigration. In 2014, Mesa, Arizona, police officer Brandon Mendoza was killed in a wrong-way car crash by an illegal immigrant driving under the influence of drugs and alco-hol. Despite tragic stories like these, the Obama administration continued to promote policies that circumvented many of our immigration laws, allow-ing thousands of criminals to return to our communities. It is time for these reckless policies to end. H.R. 3003 specifically targets illegals who commit serious crimes by pre-venting them from being released onto our streets during their deportation proceedings. After 8 years of policies that have placed a priority on protecting all ille-gal aliens, including those who are vio-lent criminals, over the rights and safety of Americans, it is refreshing to have a President who is willing to fol-low regular law and order. President Trump has taken active steps to re-verse the failed policies of the previous administration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. GOODLATTE. I yield the gen-tleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. BIGGS. I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, President Trump has taken active steps to reverse the failed policies of the Obama administration and has been vocally supportive of Con-gress’ efforts to do the same. Passing this bill is a positive step to-ward our duty of enforcing the Nation’s immigration laws, and I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this vital piece of legislation. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ), the ranking mem-ber of the Intellectual Properties Sub-committee. Mr. NADLER. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposi-tion to H.R. 3003. This legislation would withhold needed law enforce-ment funding from cities that choose not to assist Federal authorities in en-forcing the immigration laws. Besides being constitutionally sus-pect, this bill is also highly counter-productive. Recognizing that good po-licing depends on building trust with their residents, many cities forbid their law enforcement officers from questioning victims of crime or wit-nesses to a crime about their immigra-tion status, and they do not share im-migration information with Federal authorities. They believe that their communities are at greater risk when a victim of do-mestic violence is afraid to ask the po-lice for protection from her abuser for fear of deportation, or when witnesses to a murder refuse to assist law en-forcement in tracking down the perpe-trator because they are afraid their im-migration status will be discovered. These cities have concluded that tak-ing on themselves the Federal responsi-bility to enforce immigration laws would destroy trust between immi-grants and local law enforcement, which would make everyone less safe. Perversely, this bill would punish these cities by denying them the funds that they need to protect public safety. Funding to hire new police officers, grants to combat the opioid crisis, and money to reduce the rape kit backlog could all be taken away under this bill. Not only does this raise serious con-stitutional concerns, it is simply bad policy that will lead to more crime, not less. As if this were not bad enough, the bill would also authorize mandatory in-definite detention of certain categories of immigrants without sufficient due process even if they present no danger to their communities. Indefinite detention is repugnant to our values of fairness and individual liberty, but this bill perpetuates the ugly myth that immigrants are more dangerous and likely to commit more crimes than native-born Americans, and it erodes the fundamental protec-tions that we guarantee to all who are present in this country. Instead of taking positive steps to improve communication between Fed-eral, State, and local authorities, this bill demonizes immigrants, punishes communities that seek to build trust between immigrants and law enforce-ment, and authorizes indefinite deten-tion of certain immigrants, all while making us less safe. For each of these reasons, this bill should be defeated, and I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST). Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about two very honorable lives, Paul Besaw and Lahiri Garcia, who were both taken from us far too soon by the criminal acts of one who was illegally in our country. A death of our innocent neighbors is especially devastating when it could have been prevented had our immigra-tion laws been upheld and had they been working. Paul and Lahiri were paramedics in my community, dedicated to saving lives, but on January 1, a man illegally in our country, driving drunk, collided with their ambulance and killed both of them. Paul left behind his loving wife, Dawn, and his 6-year-old daughter, Al-lison, who you see here behind me. When I spoke with Paul’s widow, she rightfully said that if our country wasn’t ‘‘too afraid or inept to enforce immigration law,’’ her husband would still be with her today, and she is abso-lutely right. Lahiri’s wife, Julie Garcia, told me how hard it was for her four children to not have their father this Father’s Day. She expected to grow old with her husband, but because this man wasn’t sent home the first three times he was pulled over, she will no longer have that opportunity. Both wives, both mothers, expressed to me sincere disbelief. They don’t un-derstand why this was allowed to hap-pen, and, for the life of me, I can’t un-derstand why it is allowed either. The bottom line is that this should never happen to anyone. Sanctuary cit-ies are a violation of the rule of law, they are absolutely unacceptable, they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:24 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.042 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5322 June 29, 2017 
cannot be tolerated. We must enforce this rule of law. It is, in fact, the right of every Amer-ican to be protected by this govern-ment. It is not the right of anybody to spend one day, one moment, in our country illegally or without invitation. Today, Congress is addressing this epidemic. Our bills, they crack down on dangerous sanctuary policies that put these kind of innocent lives at risk. So let us ensure that unlawful immi-grants convicted of crimes are, in fact, detained and are, in fact, deported. Mr. Speaker, let’s pass these bills. More importantly, let us be convicted that what happened to Paul and what happened to Lahiri is never allowed to happen again. b1445 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE), the ranking member of the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security and Investigations Subcommittee of the House Judiciary Committee. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I venture to say that none one of us who comes to this floor doubts that any local law enforcement, our neighbors, do any second-guessing to arrest drunk drivers, murderers, and others, and that they are held to the high calling of justice. I do not want to be associ-ated with being mild-mannered and weak on those who would do serious harm, kill, and maim, no matter who they are. That is not this debate. This debate is whether or not this bill interferes with the legitimate en-forcement of the law and whether or not it takes away the mercy that we are known for in the United States. Let me tell you why. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter from the Fraternal Order of Police—which, by no means, is shy about enforcing the law—writing to op-pose this legislation, saying that local police departments answer to local ci-vilian government, and it is the local government which enacts statutes and ordinances. 
NATIONAL FRATERNAL ORDER  
OFPOLICE , Washington, DC, 27 June 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. K
EVIN O. M CCARTHY , Majority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY P. P ELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. S
TENY H. H OYER , Minority Whip, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER AND REPRESENTATIVES  M
CCARTHY , PELOSI AND HOYER : I am writing on behalf of the members of the Fraternal Order of Police to reiterate the FOP’s oppo-sition to any amendment or piece of legisla-tion that would penalize law enforcement agencies by withholding Federal funding or resources from law enforcement assistance programs in an effort to coerce a policy change at the local level. The House will consider H.R. 3003 on the floor this week and Section 2 of this bill would restrict the hir-ing program administered by the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS), the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant (Byrne-JAG) programs, as well as programs administered by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. The FOP has been very clear on this issue: we strongly believe that local and State law enforcement agencies should cooperate with their Federal counterparts. That being said, withholding needed assistance to law en-forcement agencies—which have no policy-making role—also hurts public safety efforts. Local police departments answer to local civilian government and it is the local gov-ernment which enacts statutes and ordi-nances in their communities. Law enforce-ment officers have no more say in these mat-ters than any other citizen and—with laws like the Hatch Act in place—it can be argued they have less. Law enforcement officers do not get to pick and choose which laws to en-force, and must carry out lawful orders at the direction of their commanders and the civilian government that employs them. It is unjust to penalize law enforcement and the citizens they serve because Congress dis-agrees with their enforcement priorities with respect to our nation’s immigration laws. The FOP issued a statement in January of this year regarding the approach of the Ad-ministration on sanctuary cities as outlined in President Trump’s Executive Order. The President recognized that it is unfair to pe-nalize the law enforcement agencies serving these jurisdictions for the political decisions of local officials. It allows the U.S. Attorney General and Secretary of the U.S. Depart-ment of Homeland Security to make an in-formed decision about the public safety im-pact without an automatic suspension from Federal grant programs. In Section 2 of H.R. 3003, there is no such discretion and it coun-termands the Administration’s existing pol-icy. The FOP opposed several bills in the pre-vious Congress, which were outlined in a let-ter to the Senate leadership, and we will con-tinue to work against proposals that would reduce or withhold funding or resources from any Federal program for local and State law enforcement. If Congress wishes to effect policy changes in these sanctuary cities, it must find another way to do so. On behalf of the more than 330,000 members of the Fraternal Order of Police, I want to urge the House to reject H.R. 3003’s punitive approach and work with law enforcement to find a better way to improve public safety in our communities. Sincerely, CHUCK CANTERBURY , National President. 
COMMITTEE ON MIGRATION , UNITED  S
TATES CONFERENCE OF CATHOLIC  B
ISHOPS , Washington, DC, June 26, 2017. C
ATHOLIC CHARITIES USA, Alexandria, VA, June 26, 2017. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : We write on behalf of the Committee on Migration of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB/ COM), and Catholic Charities USA (CCUSA) to express our opposition to H.R. 3003 and H.R. 3004. The Catholic Church holds a strong inter-est in the welfare of migrants and how our nation welcomes and treats them. Our par-ishes include those with and without immi-gration status, unfortunately some who have witnessed or been victims of crime in the United States, including domestic violence, armed robbery, and assault. We understand the importance of fostering cooperation and information-sharing between immigrant communities and local law enforcement. We oppose H.R. 3003 because it would im-pose obligations on local governments that we fear—and that many of them have warned—would undermine authority and dis-cretion of local law enforcement. This, in turn, would hamper the ability of local law enforcement officials to apprehend criminals and ensure public safety in all communities. Furthermore, Section 2 of H.R. 3003 would deny to jurisdictions vital federal funding re-lated to law enforcement, terrorism, na-tional security, immigration, and natu-ralization if those jurisdictions are deemed to be non-compliant with H.R. 3003. The Catholic service network, including Catholic Charities, works in partnership with the fed-eral government on a number of Department of Justice and Department of Homeland Se-curity initiatives, including disaster re-sponse and recovery, naturalization and citi-zenship services, and services for the immi-grant, including victims of human traf-ficking, and domestic violence. These serv-ices are incredibly valuable to the protection and promotion of the human person and in some instances life-saving. Cutting grants related to these important national objec-tives, or threat of such cuts, is not humane or just, nor is it in our national interest. Also, we oppose H.R. 3004 as it would lead to an expansion of incarceration and does not include adequate protections for people who re-enter the U.S. for humanitarian rea-sons or seek protection at the border. While H.R. 3004 makes notable efforts to protect us from those convicted of violent criminal of-fenses, the legislation goes far beyond this goal by expanding the government’s ability to prosecute illegal re-entry cases and heightening the criminal penalties in these cases. In an era of fiscal austerity, it is vital that important judicial resources are effi-ciently utilized to prosecute and convict the most violent offenders of violent crimes. Ex-panding who is eligible to be prosecuted for entry or re-entry as well as enhancing sen-tencing requirements does not advance the common good nor will it ensure that commu-nities are safer. Furthermore, we are con-cerned that, as introduced, H.R. 3004 would also prevent vulnerable asylum seekers and unaccompanied children, (who have pre-sented themselves repeatedly at the U.S. border in the flight from violence), from being able to access protection, and instead face fines, imprisonment or both. We respectfully urge you to reject these bills in favor of a more comprehensive and humane approach to immigration reform; an approach that upholds human dignity and family unity and places a greater emphasis on balancing the needs and rights of immi-grants with our nation’s best interests and security. The United States has a long and proud history of leadership in welcoming new-comers regardless of their circumstances and promoting the common good. We stand ready to work with you on legislation that more closely adheres to this tradition and appre-ciate your serious consideration of our views in this regard. Sincerely, M
OSTREV. JOEVA´SQUEZ , Bishop of Austin, Chairman, USCCB Committee on Migration. S
R. DONNA MARKHAM , OP, P HD, President & CEO, Catholic Charities USA. 
[From the Houston Chronicle, Apr. 30, 2017] P
OLICE CHIEFS : SB 4 IS A‘LOSE-LOSE’ FOR T
EXAS  (By Art Acevedo and James McLaughlin) No one believes in the ‘‘rule of law’’ more than the Texas Police Chiefs Association and the Texas Major Cities Chiefs, which besides Houston include Austin, Arlington, Dallas, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.044 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5323 June 29, 2017 
Fort Worth and San Antonio. We work tire-lessly to make our communities safer, with-in the confines of the U.S. Constitution, by arresting those who commit criminal actions that threaten our communities. We specifi-cally target those individuals committing violent crimes and arrest anyone who threat-ens the safety of our communities, regard-less of their immigration status. Police chiefs across the state work ex-tremely hard to develop law enforcement agencies that build and maintain trust, com-munication and stronger relationships with minority communities through community- based policing and outreach programs. So we know well that no good can come of Senate Bill 4, which the state House of Representa-tives, joining the state Senate, passed last week. SB 4 requires local law enforcement to take a more active role in immigration en-forcement; this will tear down what we’ve worked so hard to build up. Officers will start inquiring about the immigration status of every person they come in contact with, or worse, only inquire about the immigra-tion status of individuals based on their ap-pearance. This will lead to distrust of police, less cooperation from members of the com-munity and will foster the belief that they cannot seek assistance from police for fear of being subjected to an immigration-status in-vestigation. This is a lose-lose situation for everyone. Distrust and fear of contacting or assisting the police has already become evident among legal immigrants. Legal immigrants are be-ginning to avoid contact with the police for fear that they themselves or undocumented family members or friends may become sub-ject to immigration enforcement. Such a di-vide between the local police and immigrant groups will result in increased crime against immigrants and in the broader community, create a class of silent victims, and elimi-nate the potential for assistance from mi-grants in solving crimes or preventing crime. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Law enforce-ment officers have to be able to abide by the law. It is unjust to penalize law enforcement and the citizens they serve because Congress disagrees with the enforcement priorities with respect to our Nation’s immigration laws. And they are right. But they also say that they need to build trust in our commu-nities. This bill destroys community trust. It also penalizes hardworking govern-ments of mayors and county leaders who are, in fact, trying to run the gov-ernment and ensure that victims of do-mestic violence and crime, even as im-migrants, are able to be treated in a manner where justice is had. What about the National Sheriffs’ Association or the Texas Police Chiefs in Texas’ major cities who indicate that this bill will serve no good and no good can come to a similar bill in the States? Let me say to you, I stand with the Catholic church, and I am not Catholic. What are our values? This church op-poses the idea of our values. Let me be very clear as I close. We are doing the sanctuary cities bill, but I want to know about the integrity of this place. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3003, the ‘‘No Sanctuary for Criminals Act,’’ which requires state and local coopera-tion with federal immigration enforcement, ex-pands DHS detainer authority, and expands detention authority. I oppose this bill mainly because it directly violates the Constitution of the United States. If H.R. 3003 were to become law, it will co-erce states and localities to cooperate with im-migration enforcement, it will hurt victims and witnesses to crimes, and ultimately make com-munities less safe, which directly contravenes the stated and alleged goals of this bill. Police Chiefs across the nation are respond-ing to less disturbances, not because crime is magically disappearing, but because immi-grant communities are afraid to report them out of fear of being targeted. H.R. 3003 will completely strip state and local jurisdictions of their ability to enact com-mon-sense policies that breed respect and trust and turn local law enforcement into an auxiliary arm of the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). To ensure compliance, this bill coerces states and localities by imposing penalties that will deny federal funding for critical law en-forcement, national security, drug treatment, and crime victim initiatives. This divisive and vindictive administrative policy abridges the Tenth Amendment to the Constitution, which states: ‘‘The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States re-spectively, or to the people.’’ H.R. 3003 also violates the Fourth Amend-ment’s proscription against unreasonable searches and seizures in respect to the changes it makes to DHS’s detainer authority. It expands upon current DHS detainer prac-tice by broadening the ways in which DHS can determine it has probable cause to issue a de-tainer and it significantly expands the time an individual may be held by law enforcement. The Supreme Court has stated that the Fourth Amendment requires a judicial finding of probable cause, usually within 48 hours of arrest. H.R. 3003, however, allows law enforce-ment to hold a person up to 96 hours before DHS takes custody, and there is no mention of when the person will even see an immigra-tion judge. H.R. 3003 compounds these constitutional violations by eliminating the ability for a de-tained individual to obtain an independent, in-dividualized review of his or her bond deter-mination by a neutral decision-maker. This bill also authorizes DHS to detain indi-viduals in removal proceedings without time limitation and it expands the categories of indi-viduals who would be subject to such a deten-tion on a mandatory basis. These provisions make it substantially more difficult, if not impossible, for individuals to ob-tain release on bond while removal pro-ceedings are pending, thus increasing deten-tion costs and separating families while they seek to litigate their immigration cases. H.R. 3003 is nothing but an anti-immigrant, enforcement-only proposal that represents an-other step in Trump’s mass deportation plan. Mr. Speaker, rather than forcing state and local officials into a one-size-fits-all federal en-forcement scheme, Congress and the adminis-tration should enact legislation and adopt poli-cies that integrate unauthorized immigrants into our communities—approaches that the American public supports by a wide margin. For these reasons, I join with local law en-forcement chiefs and faith community leaders in denouncing and opposing this mean-spir-ited, ill-considered, and un-American legisla-tion. I end, Mr. Speaker, by apologizing to Mika Brzezinski, to the press, for the horrible words that were said about a bleeding face. There is no way that we can entrust this law or any other laws to this President of the United States. He has lost the trust, and I will vote for noth-ing until he steps down. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GAETZ ), a member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. While we have heard a good amount of inflammatory rhetoric, my remarks will speak solely to the facts. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of keeping America safe. In less than 2 years, over 8,000 undocumented immi-grants, all subject to ICE detainment, were released because of local non-cooperation policies. Sixty-three percent of those illegal aliens had prior convictions or had been marked a public safety concern. After being released, they went on to be rearrested nearly 4,300 times, com-mitting nearly 7,500 new offenses. The facts are clear: States and local governments that do not comply with our immigration laws are putting American citizens at risk. The U.S. Sentencing Commission found that, in 2014, 75 percent of all criminal defendants who were con-victed and sentenced for Federal drug offenses were illegal immigrants. As of 2014, illegal immigrants made up roughly 3.5 percent of our population but committed over 10 percent of all murders. Refusing to turn over criminal illegal immigrants poses a threat to our soci-ety, our safety, and our economy. American citizens pay nearly $19 mil-lion a day to house and care for the 450,000 criminal immigrants in jails and prisons who are all eligible for deporta-tion. When cities ignore Federal immigra-tion laws, the results are often tragic. The sheriff of Travis County, Texas, decided she would only turn over ille-gal aliens who have committed a nar-row list of crimes. Her policy allowed one illegal alien to be released on bail despite sexually abusing his girlfriend’s 9-year-old daughter. A Cook County sheriff released an il-legal immigrant after he served a brief domestic assault sentence, despite an ICE detainer. Soon after, he went on to kill a 15-year-old girl. America wept as 32-year-old Kate Steinle was killed by a stray bullet. The illegal immigrant who shot that gun had seven previous felony convic-tions. There are thousands more stories of innocent lives lost, of families de-stroyed, and of crimes that could have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.010 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5324 June 29, 2017 
been prevented. Every day in America, another family grieves because of the policies of sanctuary cities. Mr. Speaker, I rise for the protection of our citizens, the safety of our com-munities, the defense of our country, and to ultimately see the end of sanc-tuary cities. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ), our Democratic Caucus chair. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Much of the same rhetoric we are hearing right now from the other side of the aisle is similar to the same rhet-oric we heard back in the 1840s, 1850s, and 1860s against the Irish when they came to America. We heard it said about Italian Americans in the 1880s and 1890s. We continue to hear the same type of rhetoric about African Americans in our country in terms of the percentage of criminal activity that takes place. What we have seen happen is the fur-ther incarceration and enslavement of African Americans in our Nation today because of similar rhetoric. I want to make it very clear: ‘‘Immi-grant’’ and ‘‘criminal’’ are not syno-nyms. You make it out to be that way by the passage of this legislation. Talking about law enforcement, in New York City, James O’Neill, the po-lice commissioner, has said this law will make New York City less safe than it is today. I remind my colleagues on the other side of the aisle that 9/11 happened in my hometown, in my city. Since then, there have been no major incidents of terrorism in New York City because they have been able to collect informa-tion—much of it from the undocu-mented community in our city—to pre-vent similar events from happening again. That is why this bill is so egre-gious. The first responsibility of the Fed-eral Government is to protect its citi-zens from foreign invasion, foreign at-tack, terrorist attacks. This bill will withhold terrorism money from New York City. It will prevent the city of New York from continuing to collect the information they and other cities around this country need to protect their citizens, to develop the trust that the community has to have in its po-lice department and the police depart-ment in its communities. That is how law enforcement works, that is how they catch the criminals, and that is how they help the Federal Government deport criminals who have committed criminal offenses in a city like New York. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire at this time how much time is remaining on each side. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia has 12 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Michi-gan has 11 minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ), the chairman of the Budget Committee. Mrs. BLACK. Mr. Speaker, across the country, more than 300 municipalities have adopted policies to limit local law enforcement cooperation with Federal authorities, making it harder to keep our families and communities safe. Back in my home State of Tennessee, the Nashville City Council has recently been advancing legislation to become one of these sanctuary cities. Giving Federal funds to sanctuary cities defies logic and it demands attention. Yesterday, I offered an amendment to expand the bill before us today so that sanctuary cities would no longer have access to Community Develop-ment Block Grants and certain other economic development grants, as well, that send more than about 300 billion taxpayer dollars a year to local com-munities. On its website, the Community De-velopment Block Grant program says its purpose is to provide services to vulnerable communities and address issues that ‘‘pose an immediate threat to the health or welfare of the commu-nity.’’ What population is more vulnerable than a 6-year-old girl in Lebanon, Ten-nessee, who was sexually molested while she was sleeping? Just last month, charges were brought against a criminal illegal immigrant for repeat-edly breaking into her room at night and making videos while he assaulted her. The evil individual had been in po-lice custody before. For Kate Steinle, who has been talked about many times on the floor, her killer had a criminal record of not one, two, or three, but seven felonies. He had been deported not once, twice, or three times, but five times. Is that who liberal legislators around the country want to give ‘‘sanctuary’’? We need more communication and cooperation between local, State, and Federal law enforcement officers who are trying to keep our communities safe, not less. It is time to stop giving taxpayer dollars to these cities. I am voting for this bill today to do just that. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C
ONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the distinguished ranking member, for yielding. I don’t know what our friend from Tennessee was talking about. I am not here as a liberal legislator. I am here as a local government person. I spent 14 years in local government. We are not sanctuary cities. We are trying to solve crimes by seeking co-operation from the immigrant commu-nity. This bill will make it harder. Most of our local police chiefs would tell you that—if you would listen to them. Oddly enough, the Members sup-porting this bill are the same Members who sanctimoniously decry Federal mandates and overreach—except when they want one. Here we are, dictating how local governments should imple-ment Federal immigration laws. At the local level, we know effective, community-based policing relies on trust between the police and commu-nities. This bill would erode that col-laboration and that trust. How can we expect our Nation’s im-migrants to turn to the police if they witness or fall victim to a crime if they are afraid of being deported or sepa-rated from their families? The bill will punish local police de-partments and those relationships. It should be defeated. This local govern-ment guy will oppose this bad policy bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I was at the White House with President Trump and the parents and relatives of those daughters and sons who were killed by those who are here illegally. The stories were very heavy. They should weigh on all of us. One story that was shared was given by Michelle Root about her beautiful daughter who was struck down and killed in a senseless way by someone here illegally. Michelle is in the gal-lery here today, and she is a great ad-vocate. In late January 2016, Sarah’s parents, Michelle and Scott Root, started their day with joy. On that day, their beau-tiful daughter, Sarah, graduated. She had the whole world ahead of her. But for Michelle and Scott, the day ended with loss and tragedy. It was the un-imaginable loss of their daughter. Sarah was killed by a drunk driver here illegally. It is so senseless. Sarah had her whole life in front of her. Through incompetence and uncer-tainty about the law or the policy, or both—but for sure, a lack of common sense—Sarah’s killer was released. Today, Sarah’s killer is free. Today, Sarah’s parents, Michelle and Scott, and Sarah’s brother, Scotty, fight for Sarah’s justice. They fight for her honor. They fight to make sure no other parent or loved one has to go through the tragic ordeal they had to go through. b1500 My vote today is about policy, but it is in honor of Sarah Root. It is hard to find a love stronger than a parent has for their child. Sarah will always be loved and certainly not forgotten by her family and friends and those who never even met her. She has touched their hearts. They continue to advo-cate, and so must we. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman, my colleagues in Iowa and across the border in Nebraska who sup-port this legislation and fought for it to be incorporated into this bill. God is taking care of Sarah now. Her memory lives on. I urge the passage of this legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not in order to refer to persons in the gal-lery. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.048 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5325 June 29, 2017 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ), a former justice to the Texas Supreme Court. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, the only sanctuary involved here today is the sanctuary that this sorry bill pro-vides for prejudice. This is the Trump counterpart to the outrageous SB4 that Governor Greg Abbott has been pro-moting in Texas. It all goes back to the rhetoric of last year about the ‘‘bad hombres’’ and the attacks on Mexico and Mexicans. I will tell you, I want the bad hom-bres off the street no matter where they come from, but I look to my local police chiefs, to my local sheriffs and law enforcement officers to tell me what the best way is to protect our families from crime. They say main-taining the confidence of the immi-grant community is vital, and that measures like this, which simply have politicians in Washington interfering with and attempting to intimidate local law enforcement officers, do ex-actly the opposite of what all these speeches claim that they do. Anti-immigrant hysteria, what a way to leave for July Fourth from a Con-gress that has accomplished practically nothing but to attack immigrants as we depart instead of standing by and supporting local law enforcement and making our communities safe. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds to respond and point out that many, many of the vic-tims of these crimes are Hispanic, Afri-can American, and others, and they were seated around the Cabinet table at the White House yesterday pleading for this legislation because they had lost their loved ones. They would much rather have been able to rewind the tape and be with those loved ones who were killed by people who were ille-gally present in the United States. The victims would never have suffered if our laws had simply been enforced. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN). Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3003, the No Sanc-tuary for Criminals Act. Congress has a responsibility to pro-tect the rule of law in our country and to provide for the safety of our citi-zens. The American people overwhelm-ingly oppose sanctuary cities and be-lieve that we should be doing more to enforce our Federal immigration laws. The No Sanctuary for Criminals Act clarifies the authority of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security to order the detainment of illegal immigrants arrested for crimes until they can be processed for deportation. It also cuts off certain Federal grants to cities and States that violate Fed-eral immigration law. It is simple: If you don’t comply with the Federal im-migration law, you are not eligible for certain Federal grants. It is time for us to enforce our immi-gration laws. National attention was brought to the consequences of the sanctuary city policies by the death of Kate Steinle, who was killed by an illegal immigrant who had previously been convicted of seven felonies and deported five times. If the city of San Francisco had worked with the Federal Government to en-force the Federal immigration law in-stead of releasing this criminal, Kate Steinle would be alive today. Our current system of laws failed Kate and all those who have died at the hands of convicted felons in this coun-try illegally. The people who I am hon-ored to represent do not understand why some American cities get to flout the law and not cooperate with Federal officials. This legislation makes it clear that they don’t, that sanctuary cities are illegal. By holding these ju-risdictions accountable and stopping sanctuary cities, we will make Ameri-cans of every background safer on our streets. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this important leg-islation. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Illi-nois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ), a dedicated civil rights leader. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3003. In jurisdictions within my district, Cook County, cities like Chicago, Evanston, and Skokie, which are immi-grant rich, we have adopted sanctuary cities, sometimes called welcoming cit-ies, ordinances in order to reassure im-migrants that they can, with safety, talk to law enforcement within our ju-risdictions. Skokie Mayor George Van Dusen said: ‘‘It has taken the Village of Sko-kie years—decades really—to form the bridges that we have of trust with our immigrant community.’’ These policies work. A January study found that sanctuary cities tend to be safer and have stronger economies than not. This bill would push communities to abandon sanctuary city policies, break-ing down that hard-earned trust be-tween immigrants and law enforce-ment. Turning law enforcement into immigration enforcement makes cities less safe. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentle-woman. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, it makes immigrants less likely to report crimes. This bill protects criminals in our communities and not victims. I urge my colleagues to vote for safer communities and vote against this bill. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P
ERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for making sure this bill gets to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I am registering my support for Kate’s Law and H.R. 3003, the No Sanctuary for Criminals—for Criminals—Act. I support these bills for the sake of Kate Steinle and every single one of those who share her trag-ic fate. She was murdered in broad daylight by a violent, criminal illegal alien. This was an easily preventable and heartbreaking crime, and we simply cannot fail the American people by re-fusing to act on these bills. The government’s first responsibility is the security and protection of our homeland, a duty that should not be abdicated or yielded based on conven-ience. In 2011—2011—a GAO study found that aliens committed more than 25,000 homicides, more than 69,000 sexual of-fenses, 14,000 kidnappings, 42,000 rob-beries, and 213,000 assaults, among other offenses. Every single one of these is too many. Very few things in this world we can get at 100 percent, but these are 100 percent preventable if these people would not have been here. These are preventable crimes, completely pre-ventable, and we must stop the willful neglect of complacency by government officials who refuse to enforce exist-ing—this is not new. This is existing law we are asking them to enforce, we are requiring them to enforce. According to a March 2017 Wash-ington Times article, nearly 500 juris-dictions have sanctuary policies that block—that block—that limit ICE from apprehending criminal aliens. A January 2017 article from the Washington Examiner reported that, from January 2014 to September 2015, sanctuary jurisdictions rejected 17,000 ICE detainers. Those are 17,000 crimi-nals that are out on the street that we know about that we let go. Adding insult to injury, these sanc-tuary jurisdictions seek Federal funds to help them defy Federal law enforce-ment efforts to remove the dangerous criminal aliens from the streets. Mr. Speaker, it is time to put Ameri-cans first, and we support the restora-tion of law and order by supporting these proposals. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, how much time remains on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Michigan has 71⁄2minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Virginia has 3
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ) for a unanimous consent request. (Ms. LOFGREN asked and was given permission to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD letters from the National Fraternal Order of Police; Law Enforcement Immigration Task Force; National League of Cities; U.S. Conference of Mayors; and the National Association of Counties in opposition to this bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.050 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5326 June 29, 2017 
NATIONAL FRATERNAL ORDER OF PO-
LICE, Washington, DC, 27 June 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. K
EVIN O. M CCARTHY , Majority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY P. P ELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. S
TENY H. H OYER , Minority Whip, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER AND REPRESENTATIVES  M
CCARTHY , PELOSI AND HOYER : I am writing on behalf of the members of the Fraternal Order of Police to reiterate the FOP’s oppo-sition to any amendment or piece of legisla-tion that would penalize law enforcement agencies by withholding Federal funding or resources from law enforcement assistance programs in an effort to coerce a policy change at the local level. The House will consider H.R. 3003 on the floor this week and Section 2 of this bill would restrict the hir-ing program administered by the Office of Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS), the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant (Byrne-JAG) programs, as well as programs administered by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. The FOP has been very clear on this issue: we strongly believe that local and State law enforcement agencies should cooperate with their Federal counterparts. That being said, withholding needed assistance to law en-forcement agencies—which have no policy-making role—also hurts public safety efforts. Local police departments answer to local civilian government and it is the local gov-ernment which enacts statutes and ordi-nances in their communities. Law enforce-ment officers have no more say in these mat-ters than any other citizen and—with laws like the Hatch Act in place—it can be argued they have less. Law enforcement officers do not get to pick and choose which laws to en-force, and must carry out lawful orders at the direction of their commanders and the civilian government that employs them. It is unjust to penalize law enforcement and the citizens they serve because Congress dis-agrees with their enforcement priorities with respect to our nation’s immigration laws. The FOP issued a statement in January of this year regarding the approach of the Ad-ministration on sanctuary cities as outlined in President Trump’s Executive Order. The President recognized that it is unfair to pe-nalize the law enforcement agencies serving these jurisdictions for the political decisions of local officials. It allows the U.S. Attorney General and Secretary of the U.S. Depart-ment of Homeland Security to make an in-formed decision about the public safety im-pact without an automatic suspension from Federal grant programs. In Section 2 of H.R. 3003, there is no such discretion and it coun-termands the Administration’s existing pol-icy. The FOP opposed several bills in the pre-vious Congress, which were outlined in a let-ter to the Senate leadership, and we will con-tinue to work against proposals that would reduce or withhold funding or resources from any Federal program for local and State law enforcement. If Congress wishes to effect policy changes in these sanctuary cities, it must find another way to do so. On behalf of the more than 330,000 members of the Fraternal Order of Police, I want to urge the House to reject H.R. 3003’s punitive approach and work with law enforcement to find a better way to improve public safety in our communities. Please feel free to contact me or my Senior Advisor Jim Pasco in my Washington office if I can be of any further assistance. Sincerely, CHUCK CANTERBURY , National President. 
LAWENFORCEMENT  I
MMIGRATION TASKFORCE , June 28, 2017. D
EAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS : As law en-forcement leaders dedicated to preserving the safety and security of our communities, we have concerns about legislative proposals that would attempt to impose punitive, ‘‘one-size-fits-all’’ policies on state and local law enforcement. Rather than strengthening state and local law enforcement by providing us with the tools to work with the Depart-ment of Homeland Security (DHS) in a man-ner that is responsive to the needs of our communities, these proposals would rep-resent a step backwards. Attempts to defund so-called sanctuary cities regularly sweep too broadly, punishing jurisdictions that engage in well-established community policing practices or adhere to federal court decisions that have found fed-eral immigration detainers to violate con-stitutional protections. We oppose these ap-proaches and urge Congress to work to en-courage—rather than compel—law enforce-ment agency cooperation within our federal system. We believe that law enforcement should not cut corners. Multiple federal courts have questioned the legality and constitutionality of federal immigration detainers that are not accompanied by a criminal warrant signed by a judge. Even though the legality of such immigration holds is doubtful, some have proposed requiring states and localities to enforce them, shielding them from lawsuits. While this approach would reduce potential legal liability faced by some jurisdictions and departments, we are concerned these proposals would still require our agencies and officers carry out federal directives that could violate the U.S. Constitution, which we are sworn to follow. Immigration enforcement is, first and fore-most, a federal responsibility. Making our communities safer means better defining roles and improving relationships between local law enforcement and federal immigra-tion authorities. But in attempting to defund ‘‘sanctuary cities’’ and require state and local law enforcement agencies. Local control has been a beneficial approach for law enforcement for decades—having the fed-eral government compel state and local law enforcement to carry out new and sometimes problematic tasks undermines the delicate federal balance and will harm locally-based policing. Rather than requiring state and local law enforcement agencies to engage in additional immigration enforcement activities, Con-gress should focus on overdue reforms of the broken immigration system to allow state and local law enforcement to focus their re-sources on true threats—dangerous criminals and criminal organizations. We believe that state and local law enforcement must work together with federal authorities to protect our communities and that we can best serve our communities by leaving the enforcement of immigration laws to the federal govern-ment. Threatening the removal of valuable grant funding that contributes to the health and well-being of communities across the na-tion would not make our communities safer and would not fix any part of our broken immigraton system. Our immigration problem is a national problem deserving of a national approach, and we continue to recognize that what our broken system truly needs is a permanent legislative solution—broad-based immigra-tion reform. Sincerely, Chief Chris Magnus, Tucson, AZ; Chief Sylvis Moir, Tempe, AZ; Ret. Chief Roberto Villasenor, Tucson, AZ; Chief Charlie Beck, Los Angeles, CA; Ret. Chief James Lopez, Los Angeles County, CA; Sheriff Margaret Mims, Fresno County, CA; Sheriff Mike Chitwood, Volusia County, FL; Sheriff Paul Fitzgerald, Story County, IA; Chief Wayne Jerman, Cedar Rapids, IA; Sheriff Bill McCarthy, Polk County, IA. Public Safety Director, Mark Prosser, Storm Lake, IA; Sheriff Lonny Pulkrabek, Johnson County, IA; Chief Mike Tupper, Marshalltown, IA; Chief William Bones, Voise, ID; Ret. Chief Ron Teachman, South Bend, IN; Ret. Chief James Hawkins, Garden City, KS; Commissioner William Evans, Bos-ton, MA; Chief Ken Ferguson, Framingham, MA; Chief Brian Kyes, Chelsea, MA; Chief Tom Manger, Montgomery County, MD. Chief Todd Axtell, Saint Paul, MN; Sheriff Eli Rivera, Cheshire County, NH; Chief Cel Rivera, Lorain, OH; Public Safety Commis-sioner Steven Pare, Providdence, RI; Chief William Holbrook, Columbia, SC; Sheriff Leon Lott, Richland County, SC; Ret. Chief Fred Fletcher, Chattanooga, TN; Chief Art Acevedo, Houston, TX. Sheriff Edward Gonzalez, Harris County, TX; Sheriff Sally Hernandez, Travis County, TX; Sheriff Lupe Valdez, Dallas County, TX; Ret. Chief Chris Burbank, Salt Lake City, UT; Sheriff John Urquhart, King County, WA; Asst. Chief Randy Gaber, Madison, WI; Chief Michael Koval, Madison, WI; Chief Todd Thomas, Appleton, WI. 
NATIONAL LEAGUE OF CITIES , Cleveland, OH, June 28, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 19,000 cities and towns represented by the National League of Cities (NLC), I am writ-ing to express our strong opposition to the ‘‘No Sanctuary for Criminals Act’’ (H.R. 3003). The bill, which was made public just recently, completely bypassed the House Ju-diciary Committee and includes provisions that will result in violations of due process and the Fourth and Tenth Amendments to the Constitution. We are very troubled by the fact that the bill—which preempts local authority, jeop-ardizes public safety, and exposes local gov-ernments to litigation and potential liabil-ity—was drafted with no input from local of-ficials. NLC has consistently opposed federal legis-lation that would impose harmful sanctions on local governments—sanctions that pro-hibit or restrict compliance when a detainer request is issued by the Department of Homeland Security’s Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement (ICE). Specifically, NLC has significant concerns with the provisions in H.R. 3003 that: 1. Undermine local government’s authority to govern their public safety and local law enforcement programs. The bill would pre-vent localities from establishing laws or policies that prohibit or ‘‘in any way’’ re-strict compliance with or cooperation with federal immigration enforcement. H.R. 3003 would strip local governments ability to enact common-sense crime prevention poli-cies that ensure victims of crime will seek protection and report crimes. 2. Penalize local governments that fail to comply with federal immigration efforts with the denial of federal funding for critical law enforcement, national security, drug treatment, and crime victim initiatives, in-cluding the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program (SCAAP), Community Oriented Po-licing Services (COPS), and Byrne JAG pro-grams that provide hundreds of millions of dollars to localities nationwide. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.013 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5327 June 29, 2017 
3. Compel local governments to honor Im-migration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) detainer requests, even though the federal courts have determined the that ICE use of detainers violates the Fourth Amendment, and that localities may be held liable for honoring them. 4. Expand ICE’s detainer authority requir-ing localities to hold undocumented immi-grants for up to 96 hours, which is twice what is currently allowed even if probable cause has not been shown. The bill also does not provide any additional funding to local governments to cover the costs associated with detaining the undocumented immi-grants. Requiring cities to shoulder the fi-nancial burden being forced upon them with no input impacts our ability to pay for es-sential infrastructure and services such as roads, schools and libraries. 5. Create a ‘‘private right of action’’ that would allow crime victims or their family members to sue localities if the crime was committed by someone who was released by the locality that did not honor an ICE de-tainer request. This provision could allow frivolous lawsuits against a local govern-ment by anyone who alleges that they were a victim of a crime committed by an immi-grant. 6. Compel local governments to utilize their local law enforcement resources to im-plement federal civil immigration enforce-ment in violation of the Tenth Amendment’s ‘‘commandeering’’ principle. The Tenth Amendment does not permit the federal gov-ernment to force counties and cities to allo-cate local resources, including police offi-cers, technology, and personnel, to enforce federal immigration law. The federal govern-ment also cannot withhold funds from local-ities refusing to participate in federal efforts if the programs affected are unrelated to the purpose of the federal program, or if the sanctions are punitive in nature. Since the inception of the United States of America, lawful immigrants and refugees have played a vital role in the civic, eco-nomic and social life of cities. We recognize that local governments address issues associ-ated with federal immigration laws in a vari-ety of ways that best meet the needs of all their residents. Some cities provide greater leniency towards undocumented immigrants who do not violate state and local laws by not dedicating municipal resources to en-force federal immigration laws. Unfortu-nately, these cities are wrongfully charac-terized as safe havens for undocumented im-migrants who violate state and local laws. We believe the power to enforce federal im-migration laws remains exclusively a federal power and we strongly oppose federal efforts to commandeer our local law enforcement to take on the duties of federal immigration en-forcement agents. Our nation’s local elected officials call on you to do the right thing and vote against H.R. 3003 when it is considered on the floor. We urge you to move beyond punitive bills like H.R. 3003 and work with us to develop a positive legislation that will fix our broken immigration system and make our cities safer. Thank you for your leadership and for will-ingness to stand up for America’s cities by voting against this legislation that would impose harmful sanctions on local govern-ments. Sincerely, M
ATTZONE, President, National League of Cities, Ward 15 Council-man. THEUNITED STATES CONFERENCE  
OFMAYORS , Washington, DC, June 26, 2017. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : I write to register the strong opposition of the nation’s mayors to H.R. 3003, a partisan bill that seeks to punish so-called ‘‘sanctuary cities,’’ which is expected to be considered by the full House this week. The U.S. Conference of Mayors represents well over a thousand mayors and nearly 150 million people. Today, we concluded the 85th Annual Meeting of The U.S. Conference of Mayors and adopted policy that reinforces and builds on previous positions we have taken which oppose provisions in this bill. Specifically, the nation’s mayors: urge members of Congress to withdraw leg-islation that attempts to cut local law en-forcement funding necessary to ensure the safety of our communities, indemnify con-duct that violates the constitutional rights afforded to both United States citizens and immigrant populations, and further crim-inalizes immigration and infringes on the rights of immigrant; oppose punitive policies that limit local control and discretion, and urge instead that Congress and the Administration pursue im-migration enforcement policies that recog-nize that local law enforcement has limited resources and community trust is critical to local law enforcement and the safety of our communities; oppose federal policies that commandeer local law enforcement or require local au-thorities to violate, or be placed at risk of violating, a person’s Fourth Amendment rights; expend limited resources to act as im-migration agents; or otherwise assist federal immigration authorities beyond what is de-termined by local policy. H.R. 3003 would do all of these things and more: It would jeopardize public safety by with-holding critical public safety funding from jurisdictions that tell their police officers not to ask an individual their immigration status. Many departments have such policies to encourage crime victims and witnesses to report crimes and to build trust with immi-grant communities. It would put jurisdictions at risk of vio-lating an individual’s Fourth Amendment rights by establishing probable cause stand-ards for ICE’s issuance of detainers that do not require a judicial determination of prob-able cause. Numerous federal courts have found that continued detention under an ICE detainer, absent probable cause, would state a claim for a violation of the Fourth Amend-ment and subject the detaining officer or ju-risdiction to civil liability. While it says it would provide immunity to jurisdictions which comply with detainers and hold them harmless in any suits filed against them, they would still be subject to Fourth Amendment challenges. Further compelling and expanding compli-ance with certain enforcement provisions, such as immigration detainers, and cutting off federal funding to jurisdictions which do not comply with these provisions likely con-flict with the Tenth Amendment. H.R. 3003 is a bad bill for our cities and their residents and for our nation. It would jeopardize public safety, preempt local au-thority, and expose local governments to litigation and potential findings of damages. America’s mayors call on you to do the right thing and vote against H.R. 3003 when it is considered on the floor. The U.S. Conference of Mayors urges you instead to focus on positive legislation that will fix our broken immigration system and make our cities safer. The nation’s mayors pledge to work with you on bipartisan immi-gration reform legislation that will fix our nation’s broken immigration system. We need to move beyond punitive bills like H.R. 3003 and develop an immigration system that works for our nation, our cities and our peo-ple. To make our cities safer we urge you to consider legislation that will help us to fight crime and prevent terrorism. The U.S. Con-ference of Mayors and the Major Cities Chiefs Association agree that to make the streets of America safe, Congress must act to strengthen bonds between communities and police, expand homeland security grants, in-vest in mental health and substance abuse services, reduce gun violence, and reform the criminal justice system and strengthen re-entry services. Sincerely, M
ITCHELL J. L ANDRIEU , Mayor of New Orleans, President. 
MAJOR COUNTY SHERIFFS OF AMER-
ICA AND NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  C
OUNTIES , June 29, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. K
EVIN MCCARTHY , Majority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. S
TENY HOYER , Minority Whip, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. S PEAKER , M AJORITY LEADER  M
CCARTHY AND REPRESENTATIVES PELOSI AND  H
OYER : On behalf of the Major County Sher-iffs of America (MCSA) and the National As-sociation of Counties (NACo), we write to ex-press our commitment to work with Con-gress and the Administration on measures to prevent crime and violence, but are con-cerned that H.R. 3003, the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act is not an effective approach. While we applaud measures to protect the public from repeat, violent predators, we cannot support further cuts in funding that weaken crime prevention efforts, officer re-cruitment, and safety and wellness pro-grams. Most sheriffs want to cooperate with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) so that it may remove criminal illegal aliens from the United States, but sheriffs must follow the law that has rendered cur-rent ICE requests illegal. Without proper ar-rest authority, sheriffs cannot willfully dis-regard an individual’s 4th amendment rights as articulated in these court cases. Make no mistake, the American public has a right to know which jurisdictions are blatantly ig-noring the rule of law and are endangering community safety and they should be held accountable. If a jurisdiction is following the law of its state or a binding court ruling, it is misguided for Congress to cut funding for programs that support State and local law enforcement agencies in nearly every juris-diction in this country. ICE’s removal of illegal aliens who are committing crimes in our communities is important to ensure public safety. Their re-moval mitigates the drain on sheriffs’ re-sources by ensuring these criminals are not sitting in our jails and that our deputies are not continually investigating their crimes. As leaders in law enforcement, the MCSA been working collaboratively with the De-partment of Homeland Security to find an agreeable solution that is lawful, effects good public safety policy, and allows ICE to effectively do its job of removing criminal il-legal aliens from our country. We know Members of Congress believe that efforts to stop violence in American cities 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.014 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5328 June 29, 2017 
must be strengthened, not weakened. While we appreciate Congress’ support for law en-forcement, we strongly feel a law enforce-ment grant penalty solution would not only negatively impact law enforcement efforts across the country, but also not achieve its intended purpose. Very Respectfully, M
ICHAEL J. B OUCHARD , Sheriff, Oakland County (MI), Vice President—Govern-ment Affairs, Major County Sheriffs of America (MCSA). M
ATTHEW D. C HASE , Executive Director, National Association of Counties (NACo). 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. P
ANETTA ). Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I am op-posed to H.R. 3003 because, if this bill passed, it would punish our commu-nities more than it would punish the criminals. As written, this bill would deny critical funding for our police de-partments. As a former 20-year prosecutor in local counties, I know firsthand how much our local police rely on Federal funding not just to do their job, but to be safe when they keep our commu-nities safe. Any decrease in any sort of funding would decrease the safety of our officers as they strive to protect and serve our communities. This law will not only affect our police officers’ safety, but it will negatively affect the sense of security in our communities. Yes, the underlying intent of the law is to make it easier for ICE to target undocumented people who are crimi-nals—I get it—but it is not that simple. In the past few months, my district has seen two large-scale raids by ICE. Yes, they swept up criminals, but they also snagged collaterals, law-abiding people who were here in the wrong place at the right time. Those oper-ations cast a complete pall over the community that affected our ability to enforce our laws. As a gang prosecutor, over and over I experienced people who were afraid to come forward out of fear of retaliation. Now they are afraid of the police, afraid of the courts, and afraid of our government. That is why I am opposed to H.R. 3003. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
OFGREN ), a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I think it is important to reflect back on why localities adopt these community trust policies. The chairman of the committee men-tioned somebody in San Francisco who is suing the city. In a way, that shows the efficacy of the trust policies. This man, Mr. Figueroa-Zarceno, was a victim of crime. His truck was stolen. He went into the police department to report that his truck was stolen. There was a removal order that was 10 or 20 years old. He has an American citizen child. He is a working person. When he went outside, he was picked up by ICE. I think what that tells other people who are victims of crime who might have an outstanding removal order is: Don’t report the crime. It is one thing if you have lost your truck. It has been stolen. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. CONYERS. I yield the gentle-woman an additional 1 minute. Ms. LOFGREN. Not that I am for stealing trucks, but here is a bigger problem. The cities of Houston and Los Ange-les report a dramatic drop-off in re-ports of sexual violence. Why? Because immigrants are afraid to report; and not just because they might be undocu-mented, but they might have a sister or a next-door neighbor or a spouse who is undocumented, even if they are a citizen. So what has happened is with these threats come an unwillingness of immigrants to report crime, to be wit-nesses to crime, to keep our commu-nities safe. These stories that we have heard of the victims of crime are heartbreaking, but we are not without remedies under current law. The most important law in our coun-try is the Constitution. The Constitu-tion includes the Fourth Amendment. b1515 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has again ex-pired. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentle-woman. Ms. LOFGREN. The Constitution is the most important law we have. We read it aloud on the first day of our Congress. It includes the Fourth Amendment, which requires probable cause and warrants. A bunch of courts have made that ruling relative to de-tainers. Well, that doesn’t leave the Federal Government without remedies. Get a warrant. There is not a jurisdiction in the United States that will not honor a judicial warrant. Don’t blame the local police. Look to the Department of Homeland Security for why they have dropped the ball and been unwilling to take the steps that are well within their authority today to make sure if there is someone that they need, they get a warrant and they obtain that per-son for whatever is the next step in their process. To somehow suggest that this mis-guided bill is the answer is a big mis-take. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ). Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I stand in support of this bill today. I stand in support of the rule of law. I stand in support of our institutions. I also stand in memory of Sarah Root, a young woman who was mur-dered by a drunk driver on January 16. She was killed in my district—or Ne-braska 02—a short time after grad-uating from Bellevue University with a 4.0 grade point average, with a bright future ahead of her. She was loved by her parents and her extended family. If you see her picture, that beautiful smile would warm any room. The perpetrator was here illegally from Honduras. He posted bail and never was seen again. ICE failed to hold him, and justice was denied. We can’t let this happen again. The bill today will fix this. We can’t let a travesty of justice like this ever happen again. Our systems have to hold people accountable. When ICE lets people go like this and they leave, a travesty of justice occurs. Today we stand with Michelle Root, the mother of Sarah Root, who is here, and we stand with Scott Root. We re-member Sarah Root, and we say: Never again. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to close. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3003 is not making our communities safer. If it was, the bill’s sponsors would have heeded the strong opposition of organizations like the National Fraternal Order of Police, who stated that, ‘‘withholding needed assistance to law enforcement agen-cies—which have no policymaking role—hurts public safety efforts;’’ and the U.S. Conference of Mayors, who cautioned, ‘‘H.R. 3003 is a bad bill for our cities and their residents and for our Nation. It would jeopardize public safety, preempt local authority, and expose local governments to litigation and potential findings of damage.’’ Instead, this legislation is a down payment on the President’s and the Re-publican majority’s mass deportation plan. This bill, and the one that we will de-bate later today, is a portion of the mass deportation bill known as the ‘‘Davis-Oliver Act,’’ which has been cited as a priority for the Trump ad-ministration, and is supported by anti- immigrant groups, such as NumbersUSA and the Center for Immi-gration Studies. I respectfully urge my colleagues to oppose this dangerous legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HILL). The gentleman from Virginia has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. First, let me be clear: the only law enforcement agencies that risk losing any Federal grants because of this leg-islation are those agencies that, with-out any outside compulsion, delib-erately choose to violate Federal law by outright prohibiting their law en-forcement officers from voluntarily communicating with ICE and cooper-ating with it in the enforcement of Federal law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.017 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5329 June 29, 2017 
Second, let me also be clear that this bill does not require State and local law enforcement agencies to comply with ICE detainers, and it does not seek to cut off any Federal grants to jurisdictions that choose not to com-ply. Finally, it is a long-settled principle of constitutional law. And let me re-mind you that all of these law enforce-ment officers vowed to defend the Con-stitution, and the Constitution grants supremacy to Federal immigration law. When there is a conflict with Federal immigration law, State laws that are in conflict are invalid, preempted by Federal law under the 10th Amend-ment. Under the 10th Amendment, State and local law enforcement agen-cies have no obligation to comply with unconstitutional provisions of State or local law that asks them to violate title 8, United States Code, section 1373. Then, again, getting back to the amazing news that we have, the city of San Francisco has just agreed to pay $190,000 to an illegal alien because the San Francisco sheriff complied with an ICE detainer and turned the alien over to ICE, apparently in violation of San Francisco policy. That individual, under Federal law, because he was the victim of a crime, will be eligible to apply for a U visa. Respect for the rule of law is the way to keep communities safe. Respect for the rule of law is the way to make sure that people like Kate Steinle are not murdered in the city of San Francisco, as we have heard of other murders all during the debate today, by people who are unlawfully present in the United States. Therefore, they are all prevent-able crimes. Law enforcement in this country needs to cooperate. Most law enforce-ment officers want that to be done. Let’s support them, let’s support this legislation, and make sure that the rule of law is upheld. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following additional letters in opposition to H.R. 3003. These are additional letters of opposition that I mentioned earlier on H.R. 3003. 
JUNE26, 2017. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : We write on behalf of the Committee on Migration of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB/ COM), and Catholic Charities USA (CCUSA) to express our opposition to H.R. 3003 and H.R. 3004. The Catholic Church holds a strong inter-est in the welfare of migrants and how our nation welcomes and treats them. Our par-ishes include those with and without immi-gration status, unfortunately some who have witnessed or been victims of crime in the United States, including domestic violence, armed robbery, and assault. We understand the importance of fostering cooperation and information-sharing between immigrant communities and local law enforcement. We oppose H.R. 3003 because it would im-pose obligations on local governments that we fear—and that many of them have warned—would undermine authority and dis-cretion of local law enforcement. This, in turn, would hamper the ability of local law enforcement officials to apprehend criminals and ensure public safety in all communities. Furthermore, Section 2 of H.R. 3003 would deny to jurisdictions vital federal funding re-lated to law enforcement, terrorism, na-tional security, immigration, and natu-ralization if those jurisdictions are deemed to be non-compliant with H.R. 3003. The Catholic service network, including Catholic Charities, works in partnership with the fed-eral government on a number of Department of Justice and Department of Homeland Se-curity initiatives, including disaster re-sponse and recovery, naturalization and citi-zenship services, and services for the immi-grant, including victims of human traf-ficking, and domestic violence. These serv-ices are incredibly valuable to the protection and promotion of the human person and in some instances life-saving. Cutting grants related to these important national objec-tives, or threat of such cuts, is not humane or just, nor is it in our national interest. Also, we oppose H.R. 3004 as it would lead to an expansion of incarceration and does not include adequate protections for people who re-enter the U.S. for humanitarian rea-sons or seek protection at the border. While H.R. 3004 makes notable efforts to protect us from those convicted of violent criminal of-fenses, the legislation goes far beyond this goal by expanding the government’s ability to prosecute illegal re-entry cases and heightening the criminal penalties in these cases. In an era of fiscal austerity, it is vital that important judicial resources are effi-ciently utilized to prosecute and convict the most violent offenders of violent crimes. Ex-panding who is eligible to be prosecuted for entry or re-entry as well as enhancing sen-tencing requirements does not advance the common good nor will it ensure that commu-nities are safer. Furthermore, we are con-cerned that, as introduced, H.R. 3004 would also prevent vulnerable asylum seekers and unaccompanied children, (who have pre-sented themselves repeatedly at the U.S. border in the flight from violence), from being able to access protection, and instead face fines, imprisonment or both. We respectfully urge you to reject these bills in favor of a more comprehensive and humane approach to immigration reform; an approach that upholds human dignity and family unity and places a greater emphasis on balancing the needs and rights of immi-grants with our nation’s best interests and security. The United States has a long and proud history of leadership in welcoming new-comers regardless of their circumstances and promoting the common good. We stand ready to work with you on legislation that more closely adheres to this tradition and appre-ciate your serious consideration of our views in this regard. Sincerely, M
OSTREV. JOEVA´SQUEZ , Bishop of Austin, Chairman, USCCB Committee on Migra-tion. S
R. DONNA MARKHAM , OP, P
HD., President & CEO, Catholic Charities USA. 
NATIONAL TASKFORCE TO END, S
EXUAL AND DOMESTIC VIOLENCE , June 27, 2017. The National Taskforce to End Sexual and Domestic Violence (NTF), comprised of na-tional leadership organizations advocating on behalf of sexual assault and domestic vio-lence victims and representing hundreds of organizations across the country dedicated to ensuring all survivors of violence receive the protections they deserve, write to ex-press our deep concerns about the impact that H.R. 3003, the ‘‘No Sanctuary for Crimi-nals Act,’’ and H.R. 3004, or ‘‘Kate’s Law,’’ will have on victims fleeing or recovering from sexual assault, domestic violence, or human trafficking, and on communities at large. This year is the twenty-third anniversary of the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act (‘‘VAWA’’) which has, since it was first enacted, included critical protections for im-migrant victims of domestic and sexual vio-lence. H.R. 3003 and H.R. 3004 will have the effect of punishing immigrant survivors and their children and pushing them into the shadows and into danger, undermining the very purpose of VAWA. Specifically, the na-tion’s leading national organizations that address domestic and sexual assault oppose H.R. 3003 and H.R. 3004 because: Community trust policies are critical tools for increasing community safety. Laws that seek to intertwine the federal immigration and local law enforcement systems will un-dermine the Congressional purpose of protec-tions enacted under VAWA and will have the chilling effect of pushing immigrant victims into the shadows and undermining public safety. Immigration enforcement must be implemented in a way that supports local community policing and sustains commu-nity trust in working with local law enforce-ment. H.R. 3003 runs contrary to community policing efforts and will deter immigrant do-mestic violence and sexual assault survivors not only from reporting crimes, but also from seeking help for themselves and their children. While H.R. 3003 does not require that local law enforcement arrest or report immigrant victims or witnesses of criminal activity, the language in the bill provides no restriction prohibiting such practices. Perpetrators use fear of deportation as tool of abuse. Local policies that minimize the intertwining of local law enforcement with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) help protect the most vulnerable vic-tims by creating trust between law enforce-ment and the immigrant community, which in turn help protect entire communities. Abusers and traffickers use the fear of depor-tation of their victims as a tool to silence and trap them. If immigrants are afraid to call the police because of fear of deportation, they become more vulnerable to abuse and exploitation. Not only are the individual vic-tims and their children harmed, but their fear of law enforcement leads many to ab-stain from reporting violent perpetrators or seeking protection and, as a result, dan-gerous criminals are not identified and go unpunished. As VAWA recognizes, immigrant victims of violent crimes often do not contact law en-forcement due to fear that they will be de-ported. Immigrants are already afraid of con-tacting the police and HR 3003 proposes to further intertwine federal immigration and local law enforcement systems will only ex-acerbate this fear. The result is that per-petrators will be able to continue to harm others, both immigrant and U.S. Citizen vic-tims alike. Since January of 2017, victim ad-vocates have been describing the immense fear expressed by immigrant victims and their reluctance to reach out for help from police. A recent survey of over 700 advocates and attorneys at domestic violence and sex-ual assault programs indicate that immi-grant victims are expressing heightened fears and concerns about immigration en-forcement, with 78 percent of advocates and attorneys reporting that victims are describ-ing fear of contacting the police; 75 percent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.053 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5330 June 29, 2017 
of them reporting that victims are afraid of going to court; and 43 percent reporting working with immigrant victims who are choosing not to move forward with criminal charges or obtaining protective orders. In addition, according to Los Angeles Po-lice Chief Charlie Beck, reporting of sexual assault and domestic violence among Latinos has dropped significantly this year, possibly due to concerns that police inter-action could result in deportation. According to Chief Beck, reports of sexual assault have dropped 25 percent among Los Angeles’ Latino population since the beginning of the year compared to a three percent drop among non-Latino victims. Similarly, re-ports of spousal abuse among Latinos fell by about 10 percent among Latinos whereas the decline among non-Latinos was four percent. The Houston Police Department reported in April that the number of Hispanics reporting rape is down 42.8 percent from last year. In Denver, CO, the Denver City Attorney has reported that some domestic violence vic-tims are declining to testify in court. As of late February, the City Attorney’s Office had dropped four cases because the victims fear that ICE officers will arrest and deport them. Both the City Attorney and Aurora Police Chief have spoken on the importance of having trust with the immigrant commu-nity in order to maintain public safety and prosecute crime. H.R. 3003 Will Unfairly Punish Entire com-munities. H.R. 3003 punishes localities that follow Constitutional guidelines and refuse to honor detainer requests that are not sup-ported by due process mandates. H.R. 3003 likely covers more than 600 jurisdictions across the country, most of which do not characterize their policies to follow con-stitutional mandates as ‘‘sanctuary’’ poli-cies. H.R. 3003 penalizes jurisdictions by eliminating their access to various federal grants, including federal law enforcement grants, such as the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program, and other federal grants related to law enforcement or immigration, such as those that fund foren-sic rape kit analysis. Withholding federal law enforcement funding would, ironically, undermine the ability of local jurisdictions to combat and prevent crime in their com-munities. In addition, the fiscal impact of both H.R. 3003 and H.R. 3004 will result in limited fed-eral law enforcement resources being further reduced as a result of shifting funding from enforcing federal criminal laws addressing violent crimes, including those protecting victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, and human trafficking, to the detention and prosecution of many non-violent immigra-tion law violaters. H.R. 3003 and H.R. 3004 Will Unfairly Pun-ish Victims. By greatly expanding mandatory detention and expanding criminal penalties for re-entry, H.R. 3003 and H.R. 3004 will have harsh consequences for immigrant survivors. Vic-tims of human trafficking, sexual assault, and domestic violence are often at risk of being arrested and convicted. In recognition of this fact, existing ICE guidance cites the example of when police respond to a domes-tic violence call, both parties may be ar-rested or a survivor who acted in self-defense may be wrongly accused. In addition, if the abuser speaks English better than the sur-vivor, or if other language or cultural bar-riers (or fear of retaliation from the abuser) prevent the survivor from fully disclosing the abuse suffered, a survivor faces charges and tremendous pressure to plead guilty (without being advised about the long-term consequences) in order to be released from jail and reunited with her children. In addi-tion, victims of trafficking are often ar-rested and convicted for prostitution-related offenses. These victims are often desperate to be released and possibly to be reunited with their children following their arrests or pending trial. These factors—combined with poor legal counsel, particularly about the immigration consequences of criminal pleas and convictions—have in the past and will likely continue to lead to deportation of wrongly accused victims who may have pled to or been unfairly convicted of domestic vi-olence charges and/or prostitution. H.R. 3003 imposes harsh criminal penalties and H.R. 3004 imposes expanded bases for detention without consideration of mitigating cir-cumstances or humanitarian exceptions for these victims. In addition, H.R. 3004 expands the criminal consequences for re-entry in the U.S. with-out recognizing the compelling humani-tarian circumstances in which victims who have been previously removed return for their safety. Victims of domestic and sexual violence and trafficking fleeing violence in their countries of origin will be penalized for seeking protection from harm. In recent years, women and children fleeing rampant violence in El Salvador, Guatemala and Hon-duras, have fled to the United States, seek-ing refuge. Frequently, because of inad-equate access to legal representation, they are unable to establish their eligibility for legal protections in the United States, re-sulting in their removal. In many cases, the risk of domestic violence, sexual assault, and/or human trafficking in their countries of origin remain unabated and victims subse-quently attempt to reenter the U.S. to pro-tect themselves and their children. Other victims of domestic and sexual violence and trafficking may be deported because their abusers or traffickers isolate them, or pre-vent them from obtaining lawful immigra-tion status. They are deported, with some victims having to leave their children behind in the custody of their abusers or traffickers. Under H.R. 3004, these victims risk harsh criminal penalties for re-entry for attempt-ing to protect themselves and their children. On behalf of the courageous survivors of domestic violence, sexual assault, dating vi-olence, stalking and human trafficking that our organizations serve, we urge you to vote against HR 3003 and 3004, and to affirm the intent and spirit of VAWA by supporting strong relationships between law enforce-ment and immigrant communities, which is critical for public safety in general, and par-ticularly essential for domestic and sexual violence victims and their children. Sincerely, T
HENATIONAL TASKFORCE TO ENDSEXUAL  
ANDDOMESTIC VIOLENCE (www.4vawa.org). 
JUNE28, 2017. Re Vote NO on the No Sanctuary for Crimi-nals Act, H.R. 3003, and Kate’s Law, H.R. 3004. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 407 undersigned local, state, and national immi-grant, civil rights, faith-based, and labor or-ganizations, we urge you to oppose the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, H.R. 3003 and Kate’s Law, H.R. 3004, and any similar legis-lation that jeopardizes public safety, erodes the goodwill forged between local police and its residents, and perpetuates the criminal-ization and incarceration of immigrants. H.R. 3003 would strip badly needed law en-forcement funding for state and local juris-dictions, runs afoul of the Tenth and Fourth Amendment, and unnecessarily expands the government’s detention apparatus. H.R. 3004 unwisely expands the federal government’s ability to criminally prosecute immigrants for immigration-based offenses, excludes critical humanitarian protections for those fleeing violence, and doubles down on the failed experiment of incarceration for immi-gration violations. Over 600 state and local jurisdictions have policies or ordinances that disentangle their state and local law enforcement agencies from enforcing federal immigration law. The No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, H.R. 3003, seeks to attack so-called ‘‘sanctuary’’ juris-dictions (many of whom do not consider themselves as such) by penalizing state and local jurisdictions that follow the Fourth Ameniment of the U.S. Constitution by re-fusing to honor constitutionally infirm re-quests for detainers. H.R. 3003 penalizes ju-risdictions by eliminating various federal grants, including funding through the Cops on the Beat program, the Edward Byrne Me-morial Justice Assistance Grant Program, and any other federal grant related to law enforcement or immigration. Importantly, using the threat of withholding federal grants to coerce state and local jurisdictions likely runs afoul of the Tenth Amendment’s prohibition on commandeering, a position supported by over 300 law professors. ‘‘Sanctuary’’ policies are critical to pro-mote public safety for local communities. Fearing referral to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, victims and witnesses of crime are significantly less likely to com-municate with local law enforcement. Local law enforcement authorities have repeatedly echoed this sentiment, acknowledging that community policing policies are paramount to enhancing public safety. Indeed, ‘‘sanc-tuary’’ jurisdictions have less crime and more economic development than similarly situated non-‘‘sanctuary’’ jurisdictions. Withholding critically-needed federal fund-ing would, paradoxically, severely cripple the ability of state and local jurisdictions to satisfy the public safety needs of their com-munities. Kate’s Law, H.R. 3004, would further crim-inalize the immigrant community by dras-tically increasing penalties for immigrants convicted of unlawful reentry. Operation Streamline encapsulates our nation’s failed experiment with employing criminal pen-alties to deter migration. Under Operation Streamline, the federal government pros-ecutes immigrants for reentry at significant rates. By all practical measures, Operation Streamline has failed to deter migration, wasted billions of taxpayer dollars, and un-fairly punished thousands of immigrants who try to enter or reenter the United States to reunite with their children and loved ones. We fear that H.R. 3004’s increased penalties for reentry would double down on this failed strategy, explode the prison population, and cost billions of dollars. Instead of passing discredited enforcement- only legislation, Congress should move for-ward on enacting just immigration reform legislation that provides a roadmap to citi-zenship for the nation’s eleven million aspir-ing Americans and eliminates mass deten-tion and deportation programs that under-mine fundamental human rights. Legislation that erodes public safety, disrespects local democratic processes, and raises serious con-stitutional concerns represents an abdica-tion of the Congress’ responsibility to enact fair, humane, and just immigration policy. In light of the above, we urge you to vote NO on the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, H.R. 3003 and Kate’s Law, H.R. 3004. Please contact Jose Magana-Salgado, of the Immigrant Legal Resource Center, if you have any questions regarding this letter. Thank you for your time and consideration. Sincerely, 
NATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS  America’s Voice Education Fund; Amer-ican Federation of Teachers; American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.019 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5331 June 29, 2017 
Friends Service Committee (AFSC); Amer-ican-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee; Americans Committed to Justice and Truth; Asian American Legal Defense and Edu-cation Fund (AALDEF); Asian Americans Advancing Justice–AAJC; Asian Americans Advancing Justice–Asian Law Caucus; Asian Pacific American Labor Alliance, AFL-CIO (APALA); Asian Pacific Institute on Gender- Based Violence; ASISTA; Bend the Arc Jew-ish Action; Black Alliance for Just Immigra-tion; Casa de Esperanza: National Latin@ Network; Catholic Legal Immigration Net-work, Inc.; Center for American Progress; Center for Employment Training; Center for Gender & Refugee Studies; Center for Law and Social Policy; Center for New Commu-nity. Center for Popular Democracy (CPD); Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) Ref-ugee & Immigration Ministries; Christian Community Development Association; Church World Service; Coalition on Human Needs; CODEPINK; Columban Center for Ad-vocacy and Outreach; Committee in Soli-darity with the People of El Salvador (CISPES); Community Initiatives for Vis-iting Immigrants in Confinement (CIVIC); Defending Rights & Dissent; Disciples Center for Public Witness; Disciples Home Missions; Dominican Sisters of Sparkill; Drug Policy Alliance; Easterseals Blake Foundation; Equal Rights Advocates; Farmworker Jus-tice; Freedom Network USA; Friends Com-mittee on National Legislation; Fuerza Mundial. Futures Without Violence; Grassroots Leadership; Hispanic Federation; Hispanic National Bar Association; Holy Spirit Mis-sionary Sisters—USA–JPIC; Immigrant Legal Resource Center; Intercommunity Peace & Justice Center; Interfaith Worker Justice; Isaiah Wilson; Jewish Voice for Peace; Jewish Voice for Peace—Boston; Jew-ish Voice for Peace—Tacoma chapter; Jewish Voice for Peace—Western MA; Justice Strat-egies; Kids in Need of Defense (KIND); Lamb-da Legal; Laotian American National Alli-ance; Latin America Working Group; Latino Victory Fund; LatinoJustice PRLDEF. League of United Latin American Citizens; Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service; Mi Familia Vota; Milwaukee Chapter, Jew-ish Voice for Peace; NAACP; National Center for Transgender Equality; National Coalition Against Domestic Violence; National Coali-tion for Asian Pacific American Community Development; National Council of Asian Pa-cific Americans (NCAPA); National Council of Jewish Women; National Council of La Raza (NCLR); National Day Laborer Orga-nizing Network (NDLON); National Edu-cation Association; National Immigrant Jus-tice Center; National Immigration Law Cen-ter; National Immigration Project of the NLG; National Iranian American Council (NIAC); National Justice for Our Neighbors; National Korean American Service & Edu-cation Consortium (NAKASEC); National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health. National Latina/o Psychological Associa-tion; National Lawyers Guild; National LGBTQ Task Force Action Fund; National Network for Immigrant and Refugee Rights; National Resource Center on Domestic Vio-lence; NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice; OCA—Asian Pacific American Advo-cates; Our Revolution; People’s Action; PICO National Network; Queer Detainee Empower-ment Project; Refugee and Immigrant Cen-ter for Education and Legal Services (RAICES); School Social Work Association of America; Sisters of the Presentation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, New Windsor; Southeast Asia Resource Action Center (SEARAC); Southern Border Communities Coalition; Southern Poverty Law Center; T’ruah: The Rabbinic Call for Human Rights; The Advocates for Human Rights; The Hampton Institute: A Working Class Think Tank. The National Alliance to Advance Adoles-cent Health; The Queer Palestinian Em-powerment Network; The Sentencing Project; The United Methodist Church—Gen-eral Board of Church and Society; U.S. Com-mittee for Refugees and Immigrants; UndocuBlack Network; Unitarian Univer-salist Association; Unitarian Universalist Legislative Ministry of New Jersey; Uni-tarian Universalist Service Committee; UNITE HERE; United Child Care, Inc.; United for a Fair Economy; UU College of Social Justice; UURISE—Unitarian Univer-salist Refugee & Immigrant Services & Edu-cation; Voto Latino; We Belong Together; WOLA; Women’s Refugee Commission; Work-ing Families; Yemen Peace Project; YWCA. 
STATE AND LOCAL ORGANIZATIONS  (MILU) Mujeres Inmigrantes Luchando Unidas; #VigilantLOVE; 580 Cafe/Wesley Foundation Serving UCLA; Acting in Com-munity Together in Organizing Northern Ne-vada (ACTIONN); Advocates for Basic Legal Equality, Inc.; Alianza; All for All; Alliance San Diego; Allies of Knoxville’s Immigrant Neighbors (AKIN); American Gateways; Aquinas Center; Arkansas United Commu-nity Coalition; Asian Americans Advancing Justice—Atlanta; Asian Americans Advanc-ing Justice—LA; Asian Americans United; Asian Counseling and Referral Service; Asian Law Alliance; Asian Pacific American Legal Resource Center; Asylee Women Enterprise; Atlas: DIY. Bear Creek United Methodist Church—Con-gregation Kol Ami Interfaith Partnership; Bethany Immigration Services; Brighton Park Neighborhood Council; Cabrini Immi-grant Services of NYC; Campaign for Hoosier Families; Canal Alliance; Capital Area Im-migrants’ Rights Coalition; CASA; Casa Fa-miliar, Inc.; Casa Latina; Casa San Jose; Catholic Charities; Catholic Charities San Francisco, San Mateo & Marin; Causa Or-egon; CDWBA Legal Project, Inc.; Central American Legal Assistance; Central New Jersey Jewish Voice for Peace; Central Pa-cific Conference of the United Church of Christ; Central Valley Immigrant Integra-tion Collaborative (CVIIC); Centro Laboral de Graton. Centro Latino Americano; Centro Legal de la Raza; Centro Romero; Chelsea Collabo-rative; Chicago Religious Leadership Net-work on Latin America; Church Council of Greater Seattle; Church of Our Saviour/La Iglesia de Nuestro Salvador Episcopal; Church Women United in New York State; Cleveland Jobs with Justice; Coalicion de Lideres Latinos-CLILA; Coalition for Hu-mane Immigrant Rights (CHIRLA); Coalition of African Communities; Coloradans For Im-migrant Rights, a program of the American Friends Service Committee; Colorado Peo-ple’s Alliance (COPA); Columbia Legal Serv-ices; Comite Pro Uno; Comite VIDA; Com-mittee for Justice in Palestine—Ithaca; Community Action Board of Santa Cruz County, Inc.; Community Legal Services and Counseling Center. Community Legal Services in East Palo Alto; Community of Friends in Action, Inc.; Connecticut Legal Services, Inc.; CRLA Foundation; CT Working Families; DC– Maryland Justice for Our Neighbors; Dela-ware Civil Rights Coalition; Do the Most Good Montgomery County (MD); Dominican Sisters–Grand Rapids (MI); Dream Team Los Angeles DTLA; DRUM–Desis Rising Up & Moving; East Bay Sanctuary Covenant; Ecu-menical Ministries of Oregon; El CENTRO de Igualdad y Derechos; El Monte Wesleyan Church; Emerald Isle Immigration Center; Employee Rights Center; Encuentro; End Do-mestic Abuse WI; English Ministry–Korean Presbyterian Church of St. Louis. Episcopal Refugee & Immigrant Center Al-liance; Equal Justice Center; Equality Cali-fornia; Erie Neighborhood House; First Con-gregational UCC of Portland; First Unitarian Universalist Church of Berks County; Flor-ida Center for Fiscal and Economic Policy; Florida Immigrant Coalition, Inc. (FLIC); Franciscans for Justice; Frida Kahlo Com-munity Organization; Friends of Broward Detainees; Friends of Miami–Dade Detainees; Georgia Latino Alliance for Human Rights; Gethsemane Lutheran Church; Grassroots Alliance for Immigrant Rights; Greater La-fayette Immigrant Allies; Greater New York Labor Religion Coalition; Greater Rochester COALITION for Immigration Justice; Grupo de Apoyo e Integracion Hispanoamericano; HACES. Hana Center; Harvard Islamic Society; Her Justice; HIAS Pennsylvania; Hispanic Inter-est Coalition of Alabama; Hispanic Legal Clinic; Hudson Valley Chapter of JVP; Human Rights Initiative of North Texas; ICE-Free Capital District; Illinois Coalition for Immigrant and Refugee Rights; Imman-uel Fellowship: a bilingual congregation; Im-migrant Justice Advocacy Movement (IJAM); Immigrant Legal Advocacy Project; Immigration Action Group; Immigration Center for Women and Children; Inland Em-pire–Immigrant Youth Coalition (IEIYC); Interfaith Movement for Human Integrity; International Institute of Buffalo; Irish International immigrant Center; IRTF– InterReligious Task Force on Central Amer-ica and Colombia. Japanese American Citizens League, San Jose Chapter; Jewish Voice for Peace–Al-bany, NY chapter; Jewish Voice for Peace– Albuquerque; Jewish Voice for Peace–Austin; Jewish Voice for Peace–Bay Area; Jewish Voice for Peace–Cleveland; Jewish Voice for Peace–DC Metro; Jewish Voice for Peace– Denver; Jewish Voice for Peace–Ithaca; Jew-ish Voice for Peace–Los Angeles; Jewish Voice for Peace–Madison; Jewish Voice for Peace–New Haven; Jewish Voice for Peace– Philadelphia; Jewish Voice for Peace–Pitts-burgh; Jewish Voice for Peace–Portland; Jewish Voice for Peace–San Diego; Jewish Voice for Peace–South Florida; Jewish Voice for Peace–Syracuse, NY; Jewish Voice for Peace–Triangle NC; Jolt. Justice for our Neighbors Houston; Justice for Our Neighbors Southeastern Michigan; Justice For Our Neighbors West Michigan; JVP–HV. Jewish Voice for Peace–Hudson Valley; Kentucky Coalition for Immigrant and Refugee Rights; Kids for College; Kino Border Initiative; Kitsap Immigrant Assist-ance Center; KIWA (Koreatown Immigrant Workers Alliance); Korean Resource Center; La Casa de Amistad; La Coalicio ´n de Derechos Humanos; La Comunidad, Inc.; La Raza Centro Legal; Lafayette Urban Min-istry; Las Vegas Chapter of Jewish Voice for Peace; Latin American Legal Defense and Education Fund; Latino Racial Justice Cir-cle; Latinx Alliance of Lane County; Legal Aid Society of San Mateo County. Legal Services for Children; Lemkin House inc.; Long Island Wins; Massachusetts Immi-grant and Refugee Advocacy Coalition; Mas-sachusetts Law Reform Institute; Middle East Crisis Response (MECR); Migrant and Immigrant Community Action Project; Mi-grant Justice/Justicia Migrante; MinKwon Center for Community Action; Mission Asset Fund; Mississippi Immigrants Rights Alli-ance (MIRA); Mosaic Family Services; Move-ment of Immigrant Leaders in Pennsylvania (MILPA); Mujeres Unidas y Actives; Mundo Maya Foundation; National Lawyers Guild– Los Angeles Chapter; New Jersey Alliance for Immigrant Justice; New Mexico Dream Team; New Mexico Immigrant Law Center; New Mexico Voices for Children. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.040 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5332 June 29, 2017 
New Sanctuary Movement of Philadelphia; New York Immigration Coalition; NH Con-ference United Church of Christ Immigration Working Group; North Carolina Council of Churches; North County Immigration Task Force; North Jersey chapter of Jewish Voice for Peace; Northern Illinois Justice for Our Neighbors; Northern Manhattan Coalition for Immigrant Rights; Northwest Immigrant Rights Project (NWIRP); OCCORD; Occupy Bergen County (New Jersey); OneAmerica; OneJustice; Oregon Interfaith Movement for Immigrant Justice–IMIrJ; Organized Com-munities Against Deportations; OutFront Minnesota; Pangea Legal Services; PASO– West Suburban Action Project; Pax Christi Florida; Pennsylvania Immigration and Citi-zenship Coalition. Pilgrim United Church of Christ; Pilipino Workers Center; Polonians Organized to Min-ister to Our Community, Inc. (POMOC); Portland Central America Solidarity Com-mittee; Progreso: Latino Progress; Progres-sive Jewish Voice of Central PA; Progressive Leadership Alliance of Nevada; Project Hope-Proyecto Esperanza; Project IRENE; Puget Sound Advocates for Retirement Ac-tion (PSARA); Racial Justice Action Center; Reformed Church of Highland Park; Refugees Helping Refugees; Refugio del Rio Grande; Resilience Orange County; Rocky Mountain Immigrant Advocacy Network (RMIAN); Rural and Migrant Ministry; Safe Passage; San Francisco CASA (Court Appointed Spe-cial Advocates); Services, Immigrant Rights, and Education Network (SIREN). Sickle Cell Disease Association of Amer-ica, Philadelphia/ Delaware Valley Chapter; Sisters of St. Francis, St. Francis Province; Sisters of St. Joseph of Rochester, Inc.; Skagit Immigrant Rights Council; Social Justice Collaborative; South Asian Fund For Education, Scholarship And Training (SAFEST); South Bay Jewish Voice for Peace; South Texas Immigration Council; Southeast Immigrant Rights Network; St John of God Church; Students United for Nonviolence; Tacoma Community House; Tennessee Immigrant and Refugee Rights Coalition; Teresa Messer, Law Office of Te-resa Messer; Thai Community Development Center; The Garden, Lutheran Ministry; The International Institute of Metropolitan De-troit; The Legal Project; Tompkins County Immigrant Rights Coalition; Transgender Resource Center of New Mexico. Trinity Episcopal Church; U-Lead Athens; Unitarian Universalist Mass Action Net-work; Unitarian Universalist PA Legislative Advocacy Network (UUPLAN); United Afri-can Organization; United Families; Univer-sity Leadership Initiative; University of San Francisco Immigration and Deportation De-fense Clinic; UNO Immigration Ministry; UPLIFT; UpValley Family Centers; VietLead; Vital Immigrant Defense Advo-cacy & Services, Santa Rosa, CA; Volunteers of Legal Service; Washtenaw Interfaith Coa-lition for Immigrant Rights; Watertown Citi-zens for Peace, Justice, and the Environ-ment; Wayne Action for Racial Equality; WeCount!; WESPAC Foundation; Wilco Jus-tice Alliance (Williamson County, TX). Women Watch Afrika, Inc.; Worksafe; Young Immigrants in Action; YWCA Alaska; YWCA Alliance; YWCA Berkeley/Oakland; YWCA Brooklyn; YWCA Clark County; YWCA Elgin; YWCA Greater Austin; YWCA Greater Pittsburgh; YWCA Greater Portland; YWCA Madison; YWCA Minneapolis; YWCA Mount Desert Island; YWCA NE KANSAS; YWCA of Metropolitan Detroit; YWCA of the University of Illinois; YWCA Olympia; YWCA Pasadena-Foothill Valley; YWCA Rochester & Monroe County; YWCA South-eastern Massachusetts; YWCA Southern Ari-zona; YWCA Tulsa; YWCA Warren; YWCA Westmoreland County. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 414, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Mrs. DEMINGS. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mrs. Demings moves to recommit the bill H.R. 3003 to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Page 6, insert after line 5 the following: ‘‘(7) P
UBLIC SAFETY EXCEPTION .—For pur- poses of this subsection, a State, or a polit-ical subdivision of a State, shall not be found to be out of compliance with subsection (a) or (b) if the State or political subdivision of the State certifies to the Attorney General that such compliance would endanger public safety.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Florida is recognized for 5 minutes. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today not just as a Member of Congress, but as a 27-year veteran of law enforcement and as a former police chief. As such, I am compelled to warn of the harm this bill, in its current form, will cause for our law enforcement agencies. As a police chief, it was my responsi-bility to reduce crime and maintain livable neighborhoods; neighborhoods where families can live in peace, and enjoy local parks, community centers, restaurants, and shopping; neighbor-hoods where children can walk to school and play in their front yard and backyard without fear. That is the kind of community that everyone in America deserves—one where they feel safe and secure. H.R. 3003 impedes on law enforce-ment’s ability to effectively do its job. It will create an environment that will erode the trust between law enforce-ment and the communities they serve. The local police are the first ones to respond. They are the thin blue line that stands between those who are in this country, who are trying to live in peace, and those that would do them harm. We want our neighbors—immi-grants—to call the police to report crimes without fear or hesitation. When they do not, Mr. Speaker, our community is at the mercy of the criminals. This does not make our communities more safe, yet that is what is at stake with the bill before us. Supporters of the bill claim that it has an exemption for victims and witnesses, but it is not a complete exemption. Law enforcement officers investigate and interview witnesses. Their goal is to solve crimes, regardless of the immi-gration status of victims and wit-nesses, including victims of sexual as-sault and domestic violence. I filed an amendment with the Rules Committee that would have exempted victims and witnesses from all of the bill’s intrusive requirements. The Rules Committee blocked me from of-fering that amendment, but the bill, in its current form, would undermine law enforcement’s ability to do its job, therefore, making our communities less safe. Mr. Speaker, don’t just take my word for it. The National Fraternal Order of Police stands against the bill. They represent over 330,000 law enforcement officers across the Nation. These offi-cers are not responsible for creating laws, and eliminating Federal grant funding for political reasons impedes their ability to solve crimes. As the FOP writes: Withholding assistance to law enforcement agencies, which have no policymaking rule, will hurt public safety efforts. 
No one knows our communities bet-ter than the law enforcement officials sworn to protect their communities, which is why I have offered this motion which would exempt from the man-dates and penalties in the bill those ju-risdictions in which local law enforce-ment officials conclude that the man-dates in this bill would endanger public safety. Politics should never impede public safety. The President has said that, when lawmakers vote on this bill, they should put America’s safety first. I strongly agree, and I urge my col-leagues to support this motion and put our public safety first. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recom-mit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, the gentlewoman is quite correct: everyone deserves to feel safe. Kate Steinle deserved to feel safe when she was walking down the pier with her father in San Francisco, when she was killed. Not enacting this legislation endan-gers public safety, not the opposite, as those on the other side have argued. How would you trust local govern-ment officials, who have instructed their law enforcement officers to not cooperate with Federal law enforce-ment officers to take dangerous crimi-nals off of our streets, when this mo-tion to recommit would say: ‘‘Oh, they will have to certify that such compli-ance would endanger public safety and then the law wouldn’t apply?’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.042 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5333 June 29, 2017 
It is circular reasoning. The nonenforcement of immigration laws has led to the bolstering of sanc-tuary jurisdiction policies in commu-nities throughout the United States. These policies hamper the enforcement of Federal law and do nothing to truly promote trust between law enforce-ment and U.S. citizens. This bill provides a commonsense ap-proach to fixing the damage caused by sanctuary policies without mandating any affirmative duty. In order to be in compliance with section 1373 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act, as amended in this bill, States and local-ities have no affirmative duties to act. They have no obligations to cooperate or communicate, or even engage with U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement at any level. b1530 Instead, they simply may not affirm-atively restrict a government entity, including law enforcement, from co-operating or communicating with ICE. So I am shocked that so many on the other side of the aisle view compliance with this provision as a condition for eligibility for certain grant programs as outlandish. This is not a novel con-cept. And compliance with section 1373 is already a condition of eligibility for these grant programs. As for detainers, H.R. 3003 creates the probable cause standard that so many have argued was lacking for so long. Once enacted, States and localities can look to Federal law to receive clari-fication on what probable cause stand-ard is employed before a detainer re-quest is placed. To further aid jurisdictions, the threat of expensive and time-con-suming frivolous litigation is abated by providing immunity for jurisdictions that exercise good faith in honoring a detainer. Finally, this bill ensures that dan-gerous criminal aliens convicted of drunk driving or not yet convicted of very serious crimes are prevented from freely walking the streets of our com-munities during their removal hear-ings. This bill is a strong first step in ensuring that our immigration laws are enforced. I urge my colleagues to vote down this motion to recommit, to vote for the base bill, and to send a message that sanctuary policies will not be tol-erated so that the rule of law will pre-vail. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
KATE’S LAW Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 415, I call up the bill (H.R. 3004) to amend section 276 of the Immigration and Nationality Act relating to reentry of removed aliens, and ask for its immediate con-sideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 415, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3004 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as ‘‘Kate’s Law’’. 
SEC. 2. ILLEGAL REENTRY. 
Section 276 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1326) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘
REENTRY OF REMOVED ALIEN  ‘‘S
EC. 276. (a) R EENTRY AFTER REMOVAL .— Any alien who has been denied admission, excluded, deported, or removed, or who has departed the United States while an order of exclusion, deportation, or removal is out-standing, and subsequently enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border to, attempts to cross the border to, or is at any time found in the United States, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 2 years, or both. ‘‘(b) R
EENTRY OF CRIMINAL OFFENDERS .— Notwithstanding the penalty provided in subsection (a), if an alien described in that subsection was convicted before such re-moval or departure— ‘‘(1) for 3 or more misdemeanors or for a felony, the alien shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both; ‘‘(2) for a felony for which the alien was sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not less than 30 months, the alien shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both; ‘‘(3) for a felony for which the alien was sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not less than 60 months, the alien shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both; or ‘‘(4) for murder, rape, kidnapping, or a fel-ony offense described in chapter 77 (relating to peonage and slavery) or 113B (relating to terrorism) of such title, or for 3 or more felo-nies of any kind, the alien shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 25 years, or both. ‘‘(c) R
EENTRY AFTER REPEATED REMOVAL .— Any alien who has been denied admission, excluded, deported, or removed 3 or more times and thereafter enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border to, attempts to cross the border to, or is at any time found in the United States, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both. ‘‘(d) P
ROOF OF PRIOR CONVICTIONS .—The prior convictions described in subsection (b) are elements of the crimes described, and the penalties in that subsection shall apply only in cases in which the conviction or convic-tions that form the basis for the additional penalty are— ‘‘(1) alleged in the indictment or informa-tion; and ‘‘(2) proven beyond a reasonable doubt at trial or admitted by the defendant. ‘‘(e) AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSES .—It shall be an affirmative defense to a violation of this sec-tion that— ‘‘(1) prior to the alleged violation, the alien had sought and received the express consent of the Secretary of Homeland Security to re-apply for admission into the United States; or ‘‘(2) with respect to an alien previously de-nied admission and removed, the alien— ‘‘(A) was not required to obtain such ad-vance consent under the Immigration and Nationality Act or any prior Act; and ‘‘(B) had complied with all other laws and regulations governing the alien’s admission into the United States. ‘‘(f) L
IMITATION ON COLLATERAL ATTACK ON  U
NDERLYING REMOVAL ORDER .—In a criminal proceeding under this section, an alien may not challenge the validity of any prior re-moval order concerning the alien. ‘‘(g) R
EENTRY OF ALIEN REMOVED PRIOR TO  C
OMPLETION OF TERM OF IMPRISONMENT .—Any alien removed pursuant to section 241(a)(4) who enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border to, attempts to cross the border to, or is at any time found in, the United States shall be incarcerated for the remainder of the sentence of imprisonment which was pending at the time of deportation without any reduction for parole or supervised re-lease unless the alien affirmatively dem-onstrates that the Secretary of Homeland Security has expressly consented to the alien’s reentry. Such alien shall be subject to such other penalties relating to the reentry of removed aliens as may be available under this section or any other provision of law. ‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion and section 275, the following defini-tions shall apply: ‘‘(1) C
ROSSES THE BORDER TO THE UNITED  
STATES .—The term ‘crosses the border’ refers to the physical act of crossing the border, re-gardless of whether the alien is free from of-ficial restraint. ‘‘(2) F
ELONY .—The term ‘felony’ means any criminal offense punishable by a term of im-prisonment of more than 1 year under the laws of the United States, any State, or a foreign government. ‘‘(3) M
ISDEMEANOR .—The term ‘mis-demeanor’ means any criminal offense pun-ishable by a term of imprisonment of not more than 1 year under the applicable laws of the United States, any State, or a foreign government. ‘‘(4) R
EMOVAL .—The term ‘removal’ in-cludes any denial of admission, exclusion, deportation, or removal, or any agreement by which an alien stipulates or agrees to ex-clusion, deportation, or removal. ‘‘(5) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means a State of the United States, the District of Columbia, and any commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. C
ONYERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks, and include extraneous material on H.R. 3004. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.055 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5334 June 29, 2017 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, for too long, illegal re-entry of criminal aliens has been viewed as a minor felony with only a fraction of those repeat offenders ever seeing the inside of a Federal court-room. Section 276 of the Immigration and Nationality Act provides Federal prosecutors with the tools necessary to truly deter criminal aliens from reen-tering the United States. Unfortunately, the section simply does not go far enough to act as a de-terrent. Criminal aliens view the risk as worth the reward, as most charged under this section of law are given minuscule sentences that belie the se-verity of the crime. Aliens who reenter the United States after being removed, demonstrate a fla-grant disregard for our immigration laws and pose a tremendous threat to public safety and national security in every community nationwide. This Congress has heard from count-less victims and family members of victims whose lives were forever changed or completely destroyed by criminal aliens preying on our citizens. This bill is named in memory and in honor of Kate Steinle. On July 1, 2015, Ms. Steinle was enjoying an evening at a popular attraction in San Francisco with her father. As three shots were fired, Ms. Steinle collapsed screaming. Her father, Jim, performed CPR until paramedics arrived, but she ultimately succumbed to the severe damage caused by the bullet and she died hours later. Her murderer was arrested an hour later and identified as a middle-aged criminal alien who had been removed from the United States and had re-turned at least five times. The gun used had been stolen from a Federal of-ficer with the Bureau of Land Manage-ment. Mr. Speaker, these horrific events must be better deterred and prevented. No legislation can prevent every tragic situation, but this Congress has a duty to take every action possible to miti-gate this harm and danger. It is in this vein that I am proud to bring Kate’s Law to the House floor today. This bill seeks to amend and greatly improve section 276 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act by en-hancing the maximum sentences for criminal aliens who seek to reenter the United States. While an alien reentering this coun-try is subject to a sentence of up to 2 years, current law only subjects cer-tain criminals to enhance penalties. Specifically, only criminal aliens pre-viously convicted of an aggravated fel-ony, as defined in our immigration laws, controlled substance violations, crimes against other persons, or cer-tain felonies would trigger an enhanced sentence of either 10 or 20 years. Kate’s Law closes the loophole into which so many criminal aliens fall. The bill provides that a criminal alien, pre-viously convicted of any three mis-demeanors or any felony, would, upon conviction for illegal reentry, be sub-ject to a maximum sentence of 10 years. Aliens previously convicted of a crime for which they were sentenced to at least 30 months, would, upon convic-tion for illegal reentry, be subject to a maximum sentence of 15 years. Aliens previously convicted of a crime for which they were sentenced to at least 60 months, would, upon convic-tion for illegal reentry, be subject to a maximum sentence of 20 years. Aliens previously convicted for mur-der, rape, kidnapping, a peonage of-fense, or any three felonies, would, under conviction for illegal reentry, be subject to a maximum sentence of 25 years. These are significant enhancements to our immigration laws and are long overdue. I would be remiss, however, if I failed to mention a caveat added to the bill. If enacted, Kate’s Law adds af-firmative defenses for aliens charged under this section. If an alien can prove that they had the express con-sent of the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to reapply for admission, or that an alien previously denied admission and removed was not required to ob-tain such consent, then the alien may present that as an affirmative defense to the illegal reentry crime. This safeguard will ensure that only aliens who illegally reenter the United States may be convicted and sentenced to enhanced penalties under this sec-tion. This is missing from the current statute, and I am sure my colleagues on both side of the aisle would agree that due process protections such as these add to the efficacy of such a measure. Nothing that this Congress can pass will ever bring Kate Steinle back, nor take away the pain suffered by her family, and countless other victims of crimes committed by criminal aliens. Kate’s Law, however, will offer a deter-rent against future criminal aliens who seek to illegally reenter the United States. Knowing they may face up to 2 years in Federal prison is one thing, but the possibility of a sentence of 10, 15, 20, or 25 years will have the desired effect. I agree with many of my colleagues on both side of the aisle that we must take many other steps to address our immigration system. This Congress must pass strong measures to ensure that immigration enforcement in the interior of the United States remains a priority. Kate’s Law is an essential component of that larger effort to bring about true enforcement of our immigration laws, and protect this Na-tion from criminal aliens. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3004 is an anti-im-migrant enforcement-only proposal that represents yet another step in President Trump’s mass deportation plan. This legislation significantly expands the Federal Government’s ability to prosecute individuals for illegal entry and attempted reentry into the United States. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle say this bill is about pro-tecting us from criminals. But don’t be fooled about the ultimate effect of this bill. It does far more than target immi-grants with criminal histories. For the first time, this legislation would make it a felony for an indi-vidual who has been previously re-moved or merely denied admission to come to an official port of entry to ask for reentry into the country legally. This is true even if the individual has no criminal history whatsoever. For instance, the expanded offense would apply to persecuted asylum seekers voluntarily presenting them-selves at a port of entry to request asy-lum under our own immigration laws. It would reach desperate victims of sex trafficking who approach the Cus-toms and Border Protection officer to seek protection. It would even extend to persons ask-ing to enter on humanitarian parole to donate lifesaving organs to United States citizen relatives. Under H.R. 3004, all of these individ-uals could face up to 2 years in prison simply for coming to an official port of entry to request immigration benefits provided under our immigration laws. Finally, this bill perpetuates the fic-tion that immigrants are somehow in-herently criminal. Nothing could be further from the truth. Numerous stud-ies examining this issue conclude that immigrants actually commit crimes at a significantly lower rate than native- born Americans. Given this legislation’s defects, it comes to us as no surprise that organi-zations across the Nation join with me in opposition. They include: The conservative Cato Institute, which called H.R. 3004, ‘‘a waste of Fed-eral resources’’ that fails to safeguard ‘‘Americans against serious criminals.’’ Cities For Action, representing over 150 mayors and municipal leaders, warned the bill would place asylum seekers at further risk. And the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence, which described how this measure, H.R. 3004, will punish victims of domestic and sexual violence merely for requesting protection. H.R. 3004 is not what its sponsors would like us to believe. In truth, it is a mean-spirited bill that would have far-reaching consequences by making it a crime to ask for benefits that our immigration laws provide. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this dangerous leg-islation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.058 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5335 June 29, 2017 
Iowa (Mr. K ING), a member of the Judi-ciary Committee. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding and for working this legislation through and facilitating that it comes to the floor this week. This week, the event of ‘‘Hold Their Feet to the Fire’’ is being held where many of the families of those who have been killed by illegal aliens are here to contribute. They went to the White House, and the message has been sent across the country. They have gone and done radio shows, and they have been part of this for a long time. I think of how far back this goes, Kate Steinle’s law. From my perspec-tive, she was murdered on the streets of San Francisco on July 1, 2015. It hit the news, I think, the next day. I sent out a tweet on July 3 that said it was a 100 percent preventable crime. Just enforce the law. This story will make you cry, too. And it happens every day. What we are trying to accomplish with Kate’s Law is sentencing that is enhanced for those who overstay or those who have been deported from the United States and come back into the United States. I want to compliment former Con-gressman Matt Salmon from Arizona, who, after her death on July 1, intro-duced legislation only 8 days later, which was the foundation for what we are talking about here with this bill. That was H.R. 3011, introduced on July 9, 2015. b1545 Matt is retired. I picked up that leg-islation in the first days of this year, and we have cooperated in this Judici-ary Committee to get this here to this time. But, also, Bill O’Reilly, who made this a national issue, it hit my heart as soon as I saw the story. It hit the hearts of America when it went out over television, and it is too bad that we can’t look at data and come here and fix a massive problem that we have. It is too bad it has to be focused on individuals and personalities, when there are many other families out there that have suffered equally with that of the Steinle family and the other families we have talked about here today. Nonetheless, if that is what it takes to get America to move, we are here now. We are here this week. We have the right legislation in front of us. I urge its adoption. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
OFGREN ), our senior Rep-resentative on the Judiciary Com-mittee. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill. The bill is part of a larger mass deportation bill marked up by the House Judiciary Committee earlier this month. I think the message it is intended to convey is that this bill is needed to keep us safe. We have heard the sad story of the murder of Kate Steinle, which was not news to any of us in northern Cali-fornia. That was a horrible murder, and the fact is, this bill would not have pre-vented that murder. The offender had been deported multiple times. He had served 16 years in Federal prison, so the idea that the 10-year enhancement would have somehow fixed this is just misplaced. When we talk about the bill, it is as if we don’t have harsh penalties now for misbehavior in the law. If you take a look at the enhancements, it expands criminal sentences for individuals who reenter the country after removal. We already have very strong penalties against that. To say that this bill will keep us safe because, for example, we have a 20- year—under current law, a 20-year sen-tence for a conviction for an aggra-vated felony, this would raise it to 25; I don’t think that is going to fix this problem. If it were only that, we could have a discussion which, unfortu-nately, we never did on a bipartisan basis. The bill does other things that are very damaging. It actually makes it a felony, punishable by up to 2 years, to attempt to reenter the country legally, in full compliance with our immigra-tion laws; and this is true for individ-uals who have no criminal background whatsoever. Now, the sponsors of the bill may argue that is necessary, but I have seen no rationale for why that would make any sense, nor why it would certainly not have prevented the tragic murder of Kate Steinle. Now, let’s give some examples of who that could apply to. You have individ-uals who have lived here, we have met them, DREAMers, people who have been here all their lives, brought over as children, who were removed. If that person who has been removed becomes a victim of sex trafficking, the process is this: They can come and seek asy-lum. They can flee from their traf-fickers. And if they present themselves to our port of entry today, they are not trying to evade detection. No, they are trying to be found. They are turning themselves in, saying: I am fleeing from the sex traffickers; I want to make a claim for asylum; I need to be kept safe from the sex traffickers. This bill would make that act a felony. Now, the chairman has said how won-derful it is that we have created an af-firmative defense in the act. What he has neglected to mention is that right now we don’t need an affirmative de-fense because it is not a crime to go to the port of entry and seek a benefit, ei-ther humanitarian parole for a purpose that is sometimes granted to travel if a member of your family is dying, to pro-vide an organ donation to a member, an American citizen, who is in the U.S. who is dying. That is not a crime today, and you don’t need an affirma-tive defense because it is not a crime. Now, I think the fact that it elimi-nates an important constitutional pro-vision is problematic. We all know we can’t change the Constitution by stat-ute. The case of U.S. v. Mendoza-Lopez basically says this: If you are going to prosecute somebody for entry after re-moval, which happens all the time—in fact, that is the single most prevalent Federal prosecution in the system today; that is number one—you have to—and you did not have an oppor-tunity to actually contest the first re-moval because, for example, you were never notified at a hearing—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. CONYERS. I yield the gentle-woman an additional 1 minute. Ms. LOFGREN. Since that is an ele-ment of the offense, the Mendoza case says you have to be able to at least col-laterally attack that because you never had a chance to do so initially. This eliminates that constitutional case. You can’t do that by statute. So the point I am making is that the majority of those who enter the United States without inspection are coming back to try and get next to their fami-lies, their U.S. citizen kids, their U.S. citizen spouses. They are not crimi-nals. They are not creating any kind of crime. We all oppose crime, but this remedy is unrelated to the horror stories that we have heard. You know, we are creating law here, not bumper stickers. I hope that we will vote against this misplaced law and work together to solve the real problems that we face. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), a member of the Judiciary Committee and chairman of the Small Business Committee. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, and I especially want to thank him for his leadership on this. Nearly 2 years ago, Kate Steinle, a young woman with a promising future, had her life tragically taken away from her when she was brutally murdered by an undocumented criminal who had been convicted of a series of felonies and had been deported five times; five times, and then he kept coming back, and then he finally killed this innocent young woman, Kate Steinle. Sadly, this tragic event barely reg-istered with the previous administra-tion and other supporters of dangerous sanctuary city policies. During a July 2015 hearing, shortly after Kate’s mur-der, I asked President Obama’s Home-land Security Secretary Jeh Johnson whether the White House had reached out to the Steinle family. I will never forget what the Sec-retary said to me. He responded: Who? He had no idea who Kate Steinle or her family were. I had to explain to him what had happened to Kate Steinle. It was embarrassing. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Judiciary Committee, I have heard countless stories from families who, like the Steinles, have fallen victim to heinous crimes because of the failure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.059 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5336 June 29, 2017 
to enforce our Nation’s immigration laws. We can and must do better to protect all the Kate Steinles all across America from being victimized by un-documented criminals who should never have been here in the first place. I really can’t emphasize enough how important this issue is, and H.R. 3004 will help address this problem finally and enhance public safety by tough-ening the penalties for criminal aliens who have been deported from our coun-try, but then keep returning to the United States, and, again, far too many of them who commit crimes against in-nocent Americans like Kate Steinle. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. N
ADLER ), a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill. This draconian legislation would dramatically expand the penalties for illegal reentry into the United States, even for people who have committed minor and nonviolent offenses. Although most people who illegally reenter the country do so to reunite with their families or to flee violence or persecution, this bill considers them all dangerous criminals who deserve lengthy prison sentences. This bill is nothing less than fearmongering, based on the widely de-bunked myth that immigrants commit crimes at a higher rate than native- born Americans when, in fact, we know it is just the opposite. Let me tell you about one of these supposed dangerous criminals who was mercifully released from ICE custody just yesterday, after 4 months in deten-tion. In 1986, 17-year-old Carlos Cardona il-legally entered the United States, hav-ing fled threats of violence in his na-tive Colombia. At age 21, he made a foolish mistake and committed a non-violent drug offense. He served 45 days in prison, and, ever since then, for the last 27 years, he has lived a crime-free and a productive life as an active mem-ber of his community in Queens, New York. Not only that, after the September 11 attacks on this country, he volun-teered as a recovery worker at Ground Zero. Like so many other workers there, due to his sacrifice, he developed acute respiratory issues from the toxic fumes and other illnesses that have put his life in jeopardy. Unfortunately, although he is mar-ried to an American citizen, he was un-able to adjust his immigration status because of his decades-old conviction. However, he was allowed to stay in the country in recognition of his services after 9/11, as long as he checked in peri-odically with immigration authorities, which he did. But shortly after President Trump took office, Mr. Cardona was detained after appearing for a routine appoint-ment with ICE, and he was placed in deportation proceedings and in cus-tody. It was only thanks to a major public campaign and the compassion of Governor Cuomo, who pardoned his al-most 30-year-old drug conviction, that he was released. Under this legislation, had Mr. Cardona been deported and then ille-gally reentered the country to see his wife and daughter, he would face up to 10 years in prison because of his dec-ades-old prior conviction. Even if he presented himself to border agents and sought asylum, on the reasonable basis that he had reasonable fears because, in fact, two of his brothers back in Co-lombia have been murdered, he would still be subject to prosecution and mas-sive penalties, just for appearing at the border. This is both callous and irrational. This bill would dramatically expand the mass incarceration of immigrants, even for those with minor offenses and those who simply seek refuge in our country. It serves no purpose, increases no one’s safety, and I urge my colleagues to oppose this cruel legislation. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds to quote from a letter from the Sergeants Benevolent Association that we received 2 days ago in support of Kate’s Law, and I want to read a sentence from it. ‘‘In recent years, the need to protect our citizens from those aliens who enter the United States illegally, com-mit crimes here, are deported, and who illegally return to the U.S. and commit additional crimes has become a top concern of the law enforcement com-munity.’’ This is from the Sergeants Benevo-lent Association, Police Department, City of New York. I include it in the R
ECORD . 
SERGEANTS BENEVOLENT ASSOCIA -
TION, POLICE DEPARTMENT , CITY 
OFNEWYORK, New York, NY, June 27, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : I am writing on behalf of the more than 13,000 members of the Ser-geants Benevolent Association of the New York City Police Department to advise you of our strong support for H.R. 3004, ‘‘Kate’s Law,’’ that will be considered by the House of Representatives later this week. We are grateful that the Congress is moving expedi-tiously to take up this important legislation. In recent years, the need to protect our citizens from those aliens who enter the United States illegally, commit crimes here, are deported, and who illegally return to the U.S. and commit additional crimes has be-come a top concern of the law enforcement community. It is a problem that was exem-plified in the horrific murder of the young woman in whose honor H.R. 3004 is named, Kate Steinle. In 2015, Ms. Steinle was shot and killed on a San Francisco pier while out for a walk with her father. Her murderer was a career criminal who had already been de-ported five previous times, had a long crimi-nal history, had served multiple prison sen-tences, and was on probation in Texas at the time of the shooting. Nearly two years has passed since Steinle’s murder, and little has been done to address the scourge of violence perpetrated by those who break our laws and continue to illegally reenter the United States. That is why prompt congressional ac-tion on ‘‘Kate’s Law’’ is so critically impor-tant. H.R. 3004 will ensure that those deported aliens with criminal histories who decide to illegally reenter the U.S. will face stiff pris-on sentences upon their return. First, the bill provides for monetary fines and between 10 and 25 years in prison for those aliens de-ported or removed who illegally return, de-pending on the severity of their prior crimes. In addition, this legislation provides for up to 10 years in prison for any alien who has been refused entry, deported, or removed from the U.S. three times or more, but who returns or attempts to reenter the U.S. Finally, for any criminal aliens who were removed from the U.S. prior to the comple-tion of a prison term and who then attempt to reenter, H.R. 3004 requires that such indi-viduals be incarcerated for the remainder of their sentenced prison term without any pos-sibility for parole or supervised release. The passage of ‘‘Kate’s Law’’ is critical to ensur-ing that deported aliens with criminal records are deterred from illegally reen-tering the U.S., and will help law enforce-ment protect our communities from violent criminals and suspected terrorists who are illegally present in the U.S. On behalf of the membership of the Ser-geants Benevolent Association, thank you again for your efforts on this and other issues important to law enforcement across the nation. Sincerely, EDMULLINS , President. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
ARLETTA ). b1600 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time, and I rise today in support of Kate’s Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. These important bills represent an important step towards keeping Americans safe. Yesterday, I participated in a round-table discussion at the White House with the President and family members of individuals who were murdered by criminal illegal immigrants. The stories I heard were heart-breaking. Sadly, they are not uncom-mon. See, when I was mayor of Hazle-ton, I sat with the victims’ families and listened to their stories. These sto-ries have changed my life. Everyone talks about the illegal im-migrant, but very seldom do we ever talk about the victims. I sat with the family of Derek Kichline, a 29-year-old Hazleton city man and father of three young children who was murdered by the head of the Latin Kings while working on his pickup truck in his driveway. Derek’s killer was arrested and let go in New York City, a sanctuary city. I also talked with the father of Carly Snyder, a beautiful 21-year-old girl who was studying to be a veterinarian. Her father told me that Carly was brutally stabbed 37 times and murdered by her next door neighbor. She had knife wounds on the palms of her hand and knife wounds in her back as she died on the kitchen floor. An illegal immigration and Federal fugitive with a long history of gang vi-olence and drug use killed Carly. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.061 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5337 June 29, 2017 
Carly’s killer was apprehended trying to cross the southern border but was released on $5,000 bond and disappeared into the United States until one day he showed up at Carly Snyder’s doorstep. I have never forgotten these stories. I understand that there is nothing that we can do to bring these people back. I know there is nothing we can do to re-lieve the pain that their families still feel. But by passing these bills, we can prevent these crimes from happening to other families. Let me be clear: vio-lent crimes committed by illegal immi-grants are preventable. The illegal im-migrant who committed these violent crimes should not have been present in this country and certainly should not have been walking around free. Too many mayors and local governments think that they are above Federal law, and we have a chance to change that today. We can send a clear message to the American people that their govern-ment is serious about keeping them safe. I thank the President today for standing up for the victims of these preventable crimes, and I urge all of my colleagues to do the same by voting ‘‘yes’’ on these important bills. This is a test of the willingness of Congress to stand for families across this country who have lost loved ones to crimes committed by criminals who had no business being in this country in the first place. It is time that we side with the victims like Derek Kichline, Carly Snyder, and Kate Steinle instead of criminals. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ORREA ). Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I want to speak about H.R. 3004, but let me first talk about two of my constituents, Of-ficer Jose Vargas, one of the most decorated police officers in the State of California, and the other, Jose Angel Garibay, a young marine that made the ultimate sacrifice for America. In 1977, Jose Vargas was named as 1 of the 10 most outstanding police offi-cers in America by the International Association of Chiefs of Police. But it wasn’t always that way. At age 16, Jose Vargas headed north to the border for a better life. Officer Vargas crossed the border 15 times over 4 years. Officer Vargas was probably the only police officer who we know that spent time in a Federal holding cell. America today is better because of Jose Vargas. Jose Vargas added to the greatness of this country and to the security of this country. Jose Angel Garibay, a young marine, was the first soldier from Orange Coun-ty, California, to make the ultimate sacrifice in the Middle East. He also came to this country undocumented and became a U.S. citizen post-humously. Mr. Speaker, yes, we must keep out the bad hombres. We don’t welcome those who would do us harm, but Amer-ica must continue to welcome those who come to America to work hard and to contribute. This bill fails to make this critical and important distinction. At the end of the day, we are all im-migrants and we are all part of this great country, and I urge my col-leagues today: do not brand millions of immigrants as criminals when their only crime is searching for the Amer-ican Dream. I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 3004. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ). Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and members of the House Judiciary Committee for their work on this issue. And as a member of the Homeland Security Committee, the issues being debated and voted on this week are an area of critical importance when it comes to keeping our Nation and our people safe. Mr. Speaker, we are a nation of im-migrants. I am the grandson of Irish immigrants. We are also a nation of laws. Both must be respected and hon-ored by all of us. Left, right, or center, we can all agree that our immigration system is broken, and given that bro-ken status, it is the responsibility of this body to fix it. This goal cannot be achieved by selectively choosing which laws we enforce and which laws we ig-nore. As a former FBI agent, I worked each day to keep Americans and keep our Nation safe. And as a Federal pros-ecutor, I prosecuted cases that resulted in the removal of violent felons who were in our country illegally in order to keep our communities safe. I have seen firsthand the threats our Nation faces from a fragmented and broken immigration system and a po-rous border. We cannot and must not allow partisanship to prevent sensible fixes from being implemented. Our Na-tion’s security depends on us. Mr. Speaker, the legislation before us today is one borne of a preventable tragedy. Kate Steinle was a bright, as-piring, 32-year-old woman with a life of possibilities ahead of her. Let this bill be her legacy. Let this bill result in Kate Steinle saving the lives of others. Let us do her that honor. Kate’s Law will increase penalties for those who reenter our country fol-lowing their removal from the U.S., in-cluding Federal prison sentences up to 25 years for those previously deported who have criminal records. Moreover, this bill supports our brave women and men in law enforce-ment as they work to keep violent gangs and criminal cartels, including the likes of MS–13, out of our commu-nities. I am a cosponsor of this legisla-tion, and I am proud to advance it. Mr. Speaker, the time is now for us to step up and protect those who elect-ed us to serve on their behalf, and I urge all of my colleagues to make a bold bipartisan statement to our com-munities back home today. Join me in support of H.R. 3004. Let’s get this done for Kate Steinle and her family. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the RECORD letters of opposi-tion to H.R. 3004, namely, the Federal Defenders of New York and 407 local, State, national immigrant civil rights, faith, and labor organizations. 
FEDERAL DEFENDERS  
OFNEWYORK, INC. New York, NY, June 29, 2017. Re H.R. 3004, Kate’s Law Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, U.S. House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chair, House Judiciary Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, U.S. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. J
OHNCONYERS , JR., Ranking Member, House Judiciary Committee, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. RYAN, MS. PELOSI , MR. GOOD-
LATTE , ANDMR. CONYERS : We write on behalf of the Federal Public and Community De-fenders in response to inquiries for our views on H.R. 3004. We oppose the bill for the fol-lowing reasons. H.R. 3004 would make it a crime to openly and directly present oneself to immigration officials seeking asylum, temporary protec-tion, or for other innocent reasons. In doing so, the bill would incentivize people with genuine claims of fear to enter the country surreptitiously. Even while criminalizing essentially inno-cent conduct and drastically increasing po-tential penalties, the bill would purport to deprive defendants of the right to challenge the validity of fundamentally unfair or un-lawful removal orders. The bill would transform a basic element of the criminal offense into an affirmative defense and would thereby unfairly place the burden on the alien to produce records in the government’s control. The bill would unjustifiably increase po-tential penalties, including for those with truly petty criminal records, and create a significant risk that defendants, in mass guilty plea proceedings on the border as occur now, would be pressured to admit prior convictions that they do not have. Finally, H.R. 3004 raises serious federalism issues and would impinge on States’ sov-ereign interests by ordering them to impose certain state prison sentences thereby im-peding States’ ability to manage their own criminal justice systems and prison popu-lations. The bill would harm individuals, families and communities not just on the border but across the nation. Nearly 21 percent of re-entry prosecutions in fiscal year 2016 were in districts other than those on the southwest border, in every state and district in the country. And though there may be a percep-tion that illegal reentry offenders are dan-gerous criminals, the motive for most people returning to the United States after being removed is to reunite with family, return to the only place they know as home, seek work to support their families, or flee vio-lence or persecution in their home countries. Further, according to a recent Sentencing Commission study, one quarter of reentry of-fenders had no prior conviction described in §1326(b), and the most common prior offense was driving under the influence, followed by minor non-violent misdemeanors and felo-nies, illegal entry, illegal reentry, and sim-ple possession of drugs. Nearly half (49.5%) had children in the United States, and over two thirds (67.1%) had relatives in this coun-try. Over half (53.5%) were under the age of 18 when they first entered the United States, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.063 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5338 June 29, 2017 
and almost three quarters (74.5%) had worked here for more than a year at some point before their arrest. These are not hard-ened criminals. 
I. THE BILL WOULD MAKE IT A CRIME TO OPENLY  
AND DIRECTLY PRESENT ONESELF TO IMMI -
GRATION OFFICIALS , SEEKING ASYLUM , TEM-
PORARY PROTECTION , OR FOR OTHER INNO -
CENT REASONS , AND WOULD THUS INCENTIVIZE  
SURREPTITIOUS ENTRY  The bill would add as criminal acts in vio-lation of 8 U.S.C. §1326, ‘‘crosses the border’’ or ‘‘attempts to cross the border,’’ and would define ‘‘crosses the border’’ as the ‘‘physical act of crossing the border, regardless of whether the alien is free from official re-straint.’’ This would mean that people pre-viously denied admission or removed who present themselves at a designated port of entry seeking asylum or for other innocent reasons, and who intend to be and are in fact under official restraint, would for the first time be guilty of violating §1326. Freedom from official restraint is an es-sential part of the definition of entering, at-tempting to enter, and being found in the United States under the law of most circuits. Entering has long required both ‘‘physical presence’’ in the country and ‘‘freedom from official restraint.’’ Attempting to enter re-quires proof of specific intent to commit the completed offense of entry, and so requires intent to enter ‘‘free of official restraint.’’ Similarly, an alien cannot be ‘‘found in’’ the United States unless he has been free from official restraint. An alien is under official restraint whenever he ‘‘lacks the freedom to go at large and mix with the population,’’ in-cluding when he directly and voluntarily surrenders himself to immigration officials at a port of entry to seek asylum, protec-tion, or imprisonment. Thus, an alien who walked directly across the border to a marked border patrol car and asked to be taken into custody did not at-tempt to re-enter the United States because he intended to be, and was, under official re-straint. Likewise, an alien who crossed the border after being beaten by gang members in Mexico, in a delusional belief that they were chasing him, with the sole intent of placing himself in the protective custody of U.S. officials, could not be guilty of attempt-ing to enter. In a similar case, the govern-ment dismissed the charges after the border patrol agent’s report confirmed that the de-fendant had crossed the border and asked the agent for protection from people he feared were trying to kill him. Similarly, an alien who went directly to the border station and presented himself for entry was not ‘‘found in’’ the United States because he was never free from official restraint. Thus, under current law, an alien who di-rectly and overtly presents herself to immi-gration officials at a port of entry, as op-posed to evading official restraint, has not violated §1326; even one who crosses the bor-der outside a port of entry but in sight of im-migration officials, and who presents herself directly to such officials, has not done so. But absent the ‘‘freedom from official re-straint’’ requirement, the law would ‘‘make criminals out of persons who, for any num-ber of innocent reasons, approach immigra-tion officials at the border.’’ Argueta- Rosales, 819 F.3d at 1160. ‘‘For example, [an alien] might approach a port of entry to seek asylum, or he might be under the mistaken assumption that he has been granted permis-sion to reenter. Under those circumstances, the alien would not have committed the gra-vamen of the offense of attempted illegal entry in violation of §1326(a).’’ United States v. Valdez-Novoa, 780 F.3d 906, 923 (9th Cir. 2015) (Bybee, J.). Because ‘‘in a literal and physical sense a person coming from abroad enters the United States whenever he reaches any land, water or air space within the territorial limits of this nation,’’ ‘‘free-dom from official restraint must be added to physical presence.’’ Vavilatos, 209 F.2d at 197. Permitting arrest and prosecution regard-less of whether the person was free from offi-cial restraint is particularly troubling be-cause although border patrol agents are re-quired by law to refer an alien for a ‘‘credible fear’’ or ‘‘reasonable fear’’ interview with an asylum officer upon indication that she fears persecution or has suffered or may suffer tor-ture, people are increasingly being turned away at the border without the required pro-tection screening. Under H.R. 3004, agents would now be empowered to arrest them rather than turn them away. By eliminating the ‘‘freedom from official restraint’’ requirement, the bill would cast aside well-settled century-old law from the civil immigration context that for nearly as long has functioned well in the criminal im-migration context to distinguish illicit or clandestine entries from legitimate attempts to bring oneself to the attention of U.S. au-thorities at the border. Since it would now be a crime to openly seek help, H.R. 3004 would have the perverse effect of incentivizing people with genuine claims of fear to ‘‘jump the fence’’ in the hope of not being caught and returned to a country where the danger is real. Faced with a choice between being killed or risking being caught and removed, the logical, life- sustaining choice is obvious. 
II. THE BILL WOULD PERVERSELY CRIMINALIZE  
REPEATED UNSUCCESSFUL ATTEMPTS TO GAIN  
ASYLUM , EVEN AS BORDER PATROL AGENTS  
INCREASINGLY TURN AWAY ASYLUM SEEKERS  
IN VIOLATION OF LAW  The bill would create a new crime for an alien who has been denied admission, ex-cluded, deported or removed three or more times who subsequently enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border, attempts to cross the border, or is found in the United States, subject to punishment for up to ten years. This would criminalize, for the first time, re-peated efforts to seek asylum that are gen-uine but unsuccessful, as each attempt counts as a denial of admission or removal. As noted above, border patrol agents are increasingly turning away asylum seekers without referring them for appropriate screening as required by law. Human rights organizations have documented at least 125 cases of asylum seekers being turned away without proper safeguards to protect their right to seek protection between November 2016 and April 2017, often repeatedly. For ex-ample, a Honduran family whose son was murdered by a gang after he was denied asy-lum, another Honduran family whose son showed the agent a bullet hole wound in his chest, and a Mexican woman whose father, son, grandfather and uncle were all killed within seven days, were repeatedly turned away without referral for protection screen-ing or asylum adjudication. Agents informed people seeking refuge that the United States no longer gives asylum, threatened them with force, or threatened to call Mexican im-migration authorities to deport them to the country they were fleeing. A person who presents himself at a port of entry without a valid visa is subject to de-nial of admission or expedited removal. But if such a person expresses fear of return, he is entitled by law not to be expelled but to be interviewed by an asylum officer. When bor-der patrol agents simply expel people who express fear without allowing them a chance to be interviewed and to press their claims, the agents are breaking the law and giving these people a removal order or a denial of admission that they should not have. Thus, bona fide asylum-seekers—those most likely to accumulate ‘‘three strikes’’—would face criminal prosecution rather than what they are entitled to—a non-adversarial interview with an asylum officer that could ultimately lead to persecution-based relief. III. THE BILL WOULD PURPORT TO UNCONSTI -
TUTIONALLY PROHIBIT CHALLENGES TO THE  
VALIDITY OF REMOVAL ORDERS  The bill would state that ‘‘an alien may not challenge the validity of any prior re-moval order concerning the alien.’’ This pro-vision, perhaps more than any other, dem-onstrates the overreaching and unduly harsh nature of these proposed changes to existing law. The bill seeks to visit criminal convic-tions and drastic penalties on noncitizens who reenter even when the administrative process that led to their original deportation or removal was fundamentally unfair or achieved an unlawful result, and even when they were deprived of judicial review of that fundamental injustice. The Supreme Court long ago held, in United States v. Mendoza- Lopez, 481 U.S. 828 (1987), that a defendant cannot be convicted and punished under §1326 when the deportation order was issued in an agency proceeding bereft of due process that no court ever reviewed. But this bill seeks to do precisely that, and at the same time to criminalize attempts to enter the country legally and in most cases to increase the penalties that may be imposed. 
IV. THE AFFIRMATIVE DEFENSES WOULD BE UN -
AVAILABLE TO MOST , DO NOT ADDRESS ANY  
EXISTING PROBLEM , AND WOULD UNFAIRLY  
PLACE THE BURDEN ON DEFENDANTS TO  
PRODUCE RECORDS IN THE GOVERNMENT ’S 
CONTROL  The bill would purport to create two af-firmative defenses: (1) ‘‘prior to the alleged violation,’’ the alien ‘‘sought and received express consent of [DHS] to reapply for ad-mission,’’ or (2) ‘‘with respect to an alien previously denied admission and removed,’’ the alien ‘‘was not required to obtain such advance consent under the [INA] or any prior Act,’’ and ‘‘had complied with all other laws and regulations governing his or her admis-sion into the United States.’’ The first de-fense would be unavailable to anyone who did not have the wherewithal, resources and time to file the proper form and get it ap-proved before arriving in the United States. The second defense is not available to any-one whose period of inadmissibility has not expired, usually ten years. These require-ments are simply unrealistic for those with little or no education or money or who are fleeing violence. Moreover, this is a solution in search of a problem, and it would undermine due proc-ess. Because the absence of most of these conditions is currently an element, see 8 U.S.C. §1326(a)(2), the government routinely provides the defense with the relevant records, which are in the individual’s ‘‘A file,’’ maintained in government custody and otherwise available to the individual only through a FOIA request. Placing the burden on the defendant to prove an affirmative de-fense would illogically and unfairly require him to produce records that are in the gov-ernment’s control. 
V. THE BILL WOULD UNJUSTIFIABLY INCREASE  
POTENTIAL PENALTIES , INCLUDING FOR THOSE  
WITH TRULY PETTY CRIMINAL RECORDS  While it appears that the statutory maxi-ma would increase for most defendants under the bill, there is no evidence that any in-crease is needed to reflect the seriousness of these offenses, or that such increases would be effective in deterring illegal immigration. At the same time, the cost of additional in-carceration would be steep—approximately 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:25 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.048 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5339 June 29, 2017 
$32,000 per prisoner per year. If each of the 16,000 persons convicted of illegal reentry in 2016 received one additional year, it would cost the taxpayers an extra half a billion dol-lars. Increasing sentences for these offenders is also unnecessary and unfair because nonciti-zens suffer much harsher conditions of con-finement than other federal prisoners. BOP contracts with private prison companies to detain noncitizens convicted of immigration offenses and other federal crimes. A recent analysis shows that many persons incarcer-ated in ‘‘immigrant only contract prisons’’ suffer serious medical neglect, in some cases leading to death. An investigation done by the American Civil Liberties Union found that ‘‘the men held in these private prisons are subjected to shocking abuse and mis-treatment, and discriminated against by BOP policies that impede family contact and exclude them from rehabilitative programs.’’ Two of the penalty increases are particu-larly unwarranted. The bill would increase a defendant’s statutory maximum from two to 10 years if he was removed subsequent to conviction of any three misdemeanors, whereas the 10-year maximum currently ap-plies only if the three misdemeanors in-volved drugs, crimes against the person, or both. This would apply to a re-entrant with a truly petty criminal record. If the defend-ant had three misdemeanor convictions for driving without a license, a common sce-nario for undocumented immigrants and other impoverished people, his maximum sentence would more than triple. And be-cause the bill does not require that the three misdemeanors stem from three separate oc-casions, a 10-year statutory maximum would apply to a re-entrant with convictions from a single incident for disorderly conduct, pub-lic intoxication and public urination. Likewise, the 25-year maximum for any three felonies would increase the maximum sentence by 15 years for garden variety felo-nies, such as felony possession of a small quantity of drugs. Worse, if the definition of ‘‘felony’’ means any offense ‘‘punishable by a term of more than 1 year under the laws of’’ the convicting jurisdiction, it would punish defendants who were never convicted of a fel-ony by up to 25 years, because the maximum punishment is more than one year for mis-demeanors in many states, including Colo-rado, Iowa, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michi-gan, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and Vermont. We are also concerned that defini-tion of ‘‘felony,’’ by mistake or by design, in-dicates that if a particular kind of offense is punishable by more than one year in any ju-risdiction, it is a felony; it states that ‘‘any offense’’ is a felony if it is punishable by more than one year ‘‘under the laws of the United States, any State, or a foreign gov-ernment.’’ 
VI. THE BILL WOULD CREATE A SIGNIFICANT  
RISK THAT DEFENDANTS WOULD BE PRES -
SURED INTO ADMITTING PRIOR CONVICTIONS  
THAT THEY DO NOT HAVE  The bill would require that prior convic-tions upon which increased statutory maxi-ma are based be alleged in an indictment and proved beyond a reasonable doubt at trial or admitted by the defendant. Records of prior convictions are notoriously unreliable and national criminal databases that generate ‘‘rap sheets’’ frequently contain purported convictions that have been misrecorded, ex-punged, or even belong to other individuals. In border districts where the great majority of illegal re-entry prosecutions take place, re-entry cases have often been rapidly ‘‘proc-essed’’ in batches of up to eighty defendants at once, with 99% of cases ending in guilty pleas. Given the way these cases are handled on the border, and the fact that many if not most of the defendants speak little or no English and have little or no education, this provision carries a significant risk that de-fendants will be pressured to admit to con-victions they do not have and thus signifi-cantly raise their sentencing exposure. VII. THE BILL WOULD IMPINGE ON STATES ’ SOV-
EREIGN INTERESTS IN MANAGING THEIR OWN  
PRISON POPULATIONS  The bill would mandate that any alien re-moved pursuant to 8 U.S.C. §1231(a)(4) who enters or attempts to enter, crosses or at-tempts to cross the border, or is found in the United States, ‘‘shall be incarcerated for the remainder of the sentence that was pending at the time of deportation without any re-duction for parole or supervised release’’ un-less the alien affirmatively demonstrates ex-press consent. Section 1231(a)(4)(B) provides that the Attorney General may remove an alien convicted of a non-violent offense be-fore he has completed a sentence of impris-onment (i) of an alien in in federal custody and the Attorney General determines that removal is appropriate and in the best inter-est of the United States, (ii) of an alien in State custody if the chief state official de-termines that removal is appropriate and in the best interest of the State and submits a written request for removal. Thus, for exam-ple, an alien sentenced to 8 years who is eli-gible for parole in 6 years may apply for early conditional release and be removed after 5 years. Under H.R. 3004, if he illegally re-entered thereafter, he would be required to serve all three years that were pending when he was removed. As far as we are aware, §1231(a)(4)(B)(i) has never been systematically implemented for federal inmates. Some states, however, have implemented some sort of program to avail themselves of §1231(a)(4)(B)(ii). A handful have entered into an MOU with ICE in which they agree that a person removed pursuant to §1231(a)(4)(B)(ii) who returns illegally will serve the remainder of the original sentence. Other states release prisoners to ICE under §1231(a)(4)(B)(ii) through state legislation or parole board policy under which they do not agree to that condition. HR 3004 would require any State that re-leases a prisoner to ICE under §1231(a)(4)(B)(ii) to incarcerate such a person for the remainder of the sentence should they return unlawfully. It would thus im-pinge on States’ sovereign interests in man-aging their own prison populations according to their own priorities and resources. The bill would remove the flexibility that States currently have to treat unlawfully returned prisoners as they see fit, and would ossify the ICE MOU into law. Thank you for considering our views, and please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions. Very Truly Yours, N
EILFULTON , Federal Defender, North and South Dakota, Co-Chair, Federal Defender Legislative Com-mittee. D
AVID PATTON , Executive Director, Federal Defenders of New York, Co-Chair, Federal Defender Legislative Com-mittee. J
ONSANDS , Federal Defender, Dis-trict of Arizona, Co- Chair, Federal De-fender Legislative Committee. JUNE28, 2017. Re Vote NO on the No Sanctuary for Crimi-nals Act, H.R. 3003, and Kate’s Law, H.R. 3004 H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 407 undersigned local, state, and national immi-grant, civil rights, faith-based, and labor or-ganizations, we urge you to oppose the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, H.R. 3003 and Kate’s Law, H.R. 3004, and any similar legis-lation that jeopardizes public safety, erodes the goodwill forged between local police and its residents, and perpetuates the criminal-ization and incarceration of immigrants. H.R. 3003 would strip badly needed law en-forcement funding for state and local juris-dictions, runs afoul of the Tenth and Fourth Amendment, and unnecessarily expands the government’s detention apparatus. H.R. 3004 unwisely expands the federal government’s ability to criminally prosecute immigrants for immigration-based offenses, excludes critical humanitarian protections for those fleeing violence, and doubles down on the failed experiment of incarceration for immi-gration violations. Over 600 state and local jurisdictions have policies or ordinances that disentangle their state and local law enforcement agencies from enforcing federal immigration law. The No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, H.R. 3003, seeks to attack so-called ‘‘sanctuary’’ juris-dictions (many of whom do not consider themselves as such) by penalizing state and local jurisdictions that follow the Fourth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution by re-fusing to honor constitutionally infirm re-quests for detainers. H.R. 3003 penalizes ju-risdictions by eliminating various federal grants, including funding through the Cops on the Beat program, the Edward Byrne Me-morial Justice Assistance Grant Program, and any other federal grant related to law enforcement or immigration. Importantly, using the threat of withholding federal grants to coerce state and local jurisdictions likely runs afoul of the Tenth Amendment’s prohibition on commandeering, a position supported by over 300 law professors. ‘‘Sanctuary’’ policies are critical to pro-mote public safety for local communities. Fearing referral to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, victims and witnesses of crime are significantly less likely to com-municate with local law enforcement. Local law enforcement authorities have repeatedly echoed this sentiment, acknowledging that community policing policies are paramount to enhancing public safety. Indeed, ‘‘sanc-tuary’’ jurisdictions have less crime and more economic development than similarly situated non-‘‘sanctuary’’ jurisdictions. Withholding critically-needed federal fund-ing would, paradoxically, severely cripple the ability of state and local jurisdictions to satisfy the public safety needs of their com-munities. Kate’s Law, H.R. 3004, would further crim-inalize the immigrant community by dras-tically increasing penalties for immigrants convicted of unlawful reentry. Operation Streamline encapsulates our nation’s failed experiment with employing criminal pen-alties to deter migration. Under Operation Streamline, the federal government pros-ecutes immigrants for reentry at significant rates. By all practical measures, Operation Streamline has failed to deter migration, wasted billions of taxpayer dollars, and un-fairly punished thousands of immigrants who try to enter or reenter the United States to reunite with their children and loved ones. We fear that H.R. 3004’s increased penalties for reentry would double down on this failed strategy, explode the prison population, and cost billions of dollars. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.050 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5340 June 29, 2017 
Instead of passing discredited enforcement- only legislation, Congress should move for-ward on enacting just immigration reform legislation that provides a roadmap to citi-zenship for the nation’s eleven million aspir-ing Americans and eliminates mass deten-tion and deportation programs that under-mine fundamental human rights. Legislation that erodes public safety, disrespects local democratic processes, and raises serious con-stitutional concerns represents an abdica-tion of the Congress’ responsibility to enact fair, humane, and just immigration policy. In light of the above, we urge you to vote NO on the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, H.R. 3003 and Kate’s Law, H.R. 3004. Please contact Jose Magana-Salgado, of the Immigrant Legal Resource Center if you have any questions regarding this letter. Thank you for your time and consideration. Sincerely, National Organizations: America’s Voice Education Fund; Amer-ican Federation of Teachers; American Friends Service Committee (AFSC); Amer-ican-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee; Americans Committed to Justice and Truth; Asian American Legal Defense and Edu-cation Fund (AALDEF); Asian Americans Advancing Justice—ANC; Asian Americans Advancing Justice—Asian Law Caucus; Asian Pacific American Labor Alliance, AFL-CIO (APALA); Asian Pacific Institute on Gender-Based Violence; ASISTA; Bend the Arc Jewish Action; Black Alliance for Just Immigration; Casa de Esperanza: Na-tional Latin@ Network; Catholic Legal Im-migration Network, Inc.; Center for Amer-ican Progress; Center for Employment Train-ing; Center for Gender & Refugee Studies; Center for Law and Social Policy; Center for New Community. Center for Popular Democracy (CPD); Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) Ref-ugee & Immigration Ministries; Christian Community Development Association; Church World Service; Coalition on Human Needs; CODEPINK; Columban Center for Ad-vocacy and Outreach; Committee in Soli-darity with the People of El Salvador (CISPES); Community Initiatives for Vis-iting Immigrants in Confinement (CIVIC); Defending Rights & Dissent; Disciples Center for Public Witness; Disciples Home Missions; Dominican Sisters of Sparkill; Drug Policy Alliance; Easterseals Blake Foundation; Equal Rights Advocates; Farmworker Jus-tice; Freedom Network USA; Friends Com-mittee on National Legislation; Fuerza Mundial. Futures Without Violence; Grassroots Leadership; Hispanic Federation; Hispanic National Bar Association; Holy Spirit Mis-sionary Sisters—USA—JPIC; Immigrant Legal Resource Center; Intercommunity Peace & Justice Center; Interfaith Worker Justice; Isaiah Wilson; Jewish Voice for Peace; Jewish Voice for Peace—Boston; Jew-ish Voice for Peace—Tacoma chapter; Jewish Voice for Peace—Western MA; Justice Strat-egies; Kids in Need of Defense (KIND); Lamb-da Legal; Laotian American National Alli-ance; Latin America Working Group; Latino Victory Fund; LatinoJustice PRLDEF. League of United Latin American Citizens; Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service; Mi Familia Vota; Milwaukee Chapter, Jew-ish Voice for Peace; NAACP; National Center for Transgender Equality; National Coalition Against Domestic Violence; National Coali-tion for Asian Pacific American Community Development; National Council of Asian Pa-cific Americans (NCAPA); National Council of Jewish Women; National Council of La Raza (NCLR); National Day Laborer Orga-nizing Network (NDLON); National Edu-cation Association; National lmmigrant Jus-tice Center; National Immigration Law Cen-ter; National Immigration Project of the NLG; National Iranian American Council (NIAC); National Justice for Our Neighbors; National Korean American Service & Edu-cation Consortium (NAKASEC); National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health. National Latina/o Psychological Associa-tion; National Lawyers Guild; National LGBTQ Task Force Action Fund; National Network for Immigrant and Refugee Rights; National Resource Center on Domestic Vio-lence; NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice; OCA—Asian Pacific American Advo-cates; Our Revolution; People’s Action; PICO National Network; Queer Detainee Empower-ment Project; Refugee and Immigrant Cen-ter for Education and Legal Services (RAICES); School Social Work Association of America; Sisters of the Presentation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, New Windsor; Southeast Asia Resource Action Center (SEARAC); Southern Border Communities Coalition; Southern Poverty Law Center; T’ruah: The Rabbinic Call for Human Rights; The Advocates for Human Rights; The Hampton Institute: A Working Class Think Tank. The National Alliance to Advance Adoles-cent Health; The Queer Palestinian Em-powerment Network; The Sentencing Project; The United Methodist Church—Gen-eral Board of Church and Society; U.S. Com-mittee for Refugees and Immigrants; UndocuBlack Network; Unitarian Univer-salist Association; Unitarian Universalist Legislative Ministry of New Jersey; Uni-tarian Universalist Service Committee; UNITE HERE; United Child Care, Inc.; United for a Fair Economy; UU College of Social Justice; UURISE—Unitarian Univer-salist Refugee & Immigrant Services & Edu-cation; Voto Latino; We Belong Together; WOLA; Women’s Refugee Commission; Work-ing Families; Yemen Peace Project; YWCA. State and Local Organizations: (MILU) Mujeres Inmigrantes Luchando Unidas; #VigilantLOVE; 580 Cafe/Wesley Foundation Serving UCLA; Acting in Community To-gether in Organizing Northern Nevada (ACTIONN); Advocates for Basic Legal Equality, Inc.; Alianza; All for All; Alliance San Diego; Allies of Knoxville’s Immigrant Neighbors (AKIN); American Gateways; Aquinas Center; Arkansas United Commu-nity Coalition; Asian Americans Advancing Justice—Atlanta; Asian Americans Advanc-ing Justice—LA; Asian Americans United; Asian Counseling and Referral Service; Asian Law Alliance; Asian Pacific American Legal Resource Center; Asylee Women Enterprise; Atlas: DIY. Bear Creek United Methodist Church–Con-gregation Kol Ami Interfaith Partnership; Bethany Immigration Services; Brighton Park Neighborhood Council; Cabrini Immi-grant Services of NYC; Campaign for Hoosier Families; Canal Alliance; Capital Area Im-migrants’ Rights Coalition; CASA; Casa Fa-miliar, Inc.; Casa Latina; Casa San Jose; Catholic Charities; Catholic Charities San Francisco, San Mateo & Marin; Causa Or-egon; CDWBA Legal Project, Inc.; Central American Legal Assistance; Central New Jersey Jewish Voice for Peace; Central Pa-cific Conference of the United Church of Christ; Central Valley Immigrant Integra-tion Collaborative (CVIIC); Centro Laboral de Graton. Centro Latino Americano; Centro Legal de la Ran; Centro Romero; Chelsea Collabo-rative; Chicago Religious Leadership Net-work on Latin America; Church Council of Greater Seattle; Church of Our Saviour/La Iglesia de Nuestro Salvador Episcopal; Church Women United in New York State; Cleveland Jobs with Justice; Coalicion de Lideres Latinos—CLILA; Coalition for Hu-mane Immigrant Rights (CHIRLA); Coalition of African Communities; Coloradans For Im-migrant Rights, a program of the American Friends Service Committee; Colorado Peo-ple’s Alliance (COPA); Columbia Legal Serv-ices; Comite Pro Uno; Comite VIDA; Com-mittee for Justice in Palestine—Ithaca; Community Action Board of Santa Cruz County, Inc; Community Legal Services and Counseling Center. Community Legal Services in East Palo Alto; Community of Friends in Action, Inc.; Connecticut Legal Services, Inc; CRLA Foundation; CT Working Families; DC-Mary-land Justice for Our Neighbors; Delaware Civil Rights Coalition; Do the Most Good Montgomery County (MD); Dominican Sis-ters–Grand Rapids (MI); Dream Team Los Angeles DTLA; DRUM—Desis Rising Up & Moving; East Bay Sanctuary Covenant; Ecu-menical Ministries of Oregon; El CENTRO de Igualdad y Derechos; El Monte Wesleyan Church; Emerald Isle Immigration Center; Employee Rights Center; Encuentro; End Do-mestic Abuse WI; English Ministry rean Pres-byterian Church of St. Louis. Episcopal Refugee & Immigrant Center Al-liance; Equal Justice Center; Equality Cali-fornia; Erie Neighborhood House; First Con-gregational UCC of Portland; First Unitarian Universalist Church of Berks County; Flor-ida Center for Fiscal and Economic Policy; Florida Immigrant Coalition, Inc. (FLIC); Franciscans for Justice; Frida Kahlo Com-munity Organization; Friends of Broward Detainees; Friends of Miami-Dade Detainees; Georgia Latino Alliance for Human Rights; Gethsemane Lutheran Church; Grassroots Alliance for Immigrant Rights; Greater La-fayette Immigrant Allies; Greater New York Labor Religion Coalition; Greater Rochester COALITION for Immigration Justice; Grupo de Apoyo e Integracion Hispanoamericano; HACES. Hana Center; Harvard Islamic Society; Her Justice; HIAS Pennsylvania; Hispanic Inter-est Coalition of Alabama; Hispanic Legal Clinic; Hudson Valley Chapter of JVP; Human Rights Initiative of North Texas; ICE-Free Capital District; Illinois Coalition for Immigrant and Refugee Rights; Imman-uel Fellowship: a bilingual congregation; Im-migrant Justice Advocacy Movement (IJAM); Immigrant Legal Advocacy Project; Immigration Action Group; Immigration Center for Women and Children; Inland Em-pire—Immigrant Youth Coalition (IEIYC); Interfaith Movement for Human Integrity; International Institute of Buffalo; Irish International Immigrant Center; IRTF— InterReligious Task Force on Central Amer-ica and Colombia. Japanese American Citizens League, San Jose Chapter; Jewish Voice for Peace—Al-bany, NY chapter; Jewish Voice for Peace— Albuquerque; Jewish Voice for Peace—Aus-tin; Jewish Voice for Peace—Bay Area; Jew-ish Voice for Peace—Cleveland; Jewish Voice for Peace—DC Metro; Jewish Voice for Peace—Denver; Jewish Voice for Peace— Ithaca; Jewish Voice for Peace—Los Angeles; Jewish Voice for Peace—Madison; Jewish Voice for Peace—New Haven; Jewish Voice for Peace—Philadelphia; Jewish Voice for Peace—Pittsburgh; Jewish Voice for Peace— Portland; Jewish Voice for Peace—San Diego; Jewish Voice for Peace—South Flor-ida; Jewish Voice for Peace—Syracuse, NY; Jewish Voice for Peace—Triangle NC; Jolt. Justice for our Neighbors Houston; Justice for Our Neighbors Southeastern Michigan; Justice For Our Neighbors West Michigan; JVP-HV. Jewish Voice for Peace-Hudson Valley; Kentucky Coalition for Immigrant and Refugee Rights; Kids for College; Kino Border Initiative; Kitsap Immigrant Assist-ance Center; KIWA (Koreatown Immigrant Workers Alliance); Korean Resource Center; La Casa de Amistad; La Coalicio ´n de 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:49 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.027 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5341 June 29, 2017 
Derechos Humanos; La Comunidad, Inc.; La Raza Centro Legal; Lafayette Urban Min-istry; Las Vegas Chapter of Jewish Voice for Peace; Latin American Legal Defense and Education Fund; Latino Racial Justice Cir-cle; Latinx Alliance of Lane County; Legal Aid Society of San Mateo County. Legal Services for Children; Lemkin House Inc; Long Island Wins; Massachusetts Immi-grant and Refugee Advocacy Coalition; Mas-sachusetts Law Reform Institute; Middle East Crisis Response (MECR); Migrant and Immigrant Community Action Project; Mi-grant Justice / Justicia Migrante; MinKwon Center for Community Action; Mission Asset Fund; Mississippi Immigrants Rights Alli-ance (MIRA); Mosaic Family Services; Move-ment of Immigrant Leaders in Pennsylvania (MILPA); Mujeres Unidas y Activas; Mundo Maya Foundation; National Lawyers Guild— Los Angeles Chapter; New Jersey Alliance for Immigrant Justice; New Mexico Dream Team; New Mexico Immigrant Law Center; New Mexico Voices for Children. New Sanctuary Movement of Philadelphia; New York Immigration Coalition; NH Con-ference United Church of Christ Immigration Working Group; North Carolina Council of Churches; North County Immigration Task Force; North Jersey chapter of Jewish Voice for Peace; Northern Illinois Justice for Our Neighbors; Northern Manhattan Coalition for Immigrant Rights; Northwest Immigrant Rights Project (NWIRP); OCCORD; Occupy Bergen County (New Jersey); OneAmerica; OneJustice; Oregon Interfaith Movement for Immigrant Justice—IMIrJ; Organized Com-munities Against Deportations; OutFront Minnesota; Pangea Legal Services; PASO— West Suburban Action Project; Pax Christi Florida; Pennsylvania Immigration and Citi-zenship Coalition. Pilgrim United Church of Christ; Pilipino Workers Center; Polonians Organized to Min-ister to Our Community, Inc. (POMOC); Portland Central America Solidarity Com-mittee; Progreso: Latino Progress; Progres-sive Jewish Voice of Central PA; Progressive Leadership Alliance of Nevada; Project Hope-Proyecto Esperanza; Project IRENE; Puget Sound Advocates for Retirement Ac-tion (PSARA); Racial Justice Action Center; Reformed Church of Highland Park; Refugees Helping Refugees; Refugio del Rio Grande; Resilience Orange County; Rocky Mountain Immigrant Advocacy Network (RMIAN); Rural and Migrant Ministry; Safe Passage; San Francisco CASA (Court Appointed Spe-cial Advocates); Services, Immigrant Rights, and Education Network (SIREN). Sickle Cell Disease Association of Amer-ica, Philadelphia/Delaware Valley Chapter; Sisters of St. Francis, St. Francis Province; Sisters of St. Joseph of Rochester, Inc; Skagit Immigrant Rights Council; Social Justice Collaborative; South Asian Fund for Education, Scholarship and Training (SAFEST); South Bay Jewish Voice for Peace; South Texas Immigration Council; Southeast Immigrant Rights Network; St. John of God Church; Students United for Nonviolence; Tacoma Community House; Tennessee Immigrant and Refugee Rights Coalition; Teresa Messer, Law Office of Te-resa Messer; Thai Community Development Center; The Garden, Lutheran Ministry; The International Institute of Metropolitan De-troit; The Legal Project; Tompkins County Immigrant Rights Coalition; Transgender Resource Center of New Mexico. Trinity Episcopal Church; U-Lead Athens; Unitarian Universalist Mass Action Net-work; Unitarian Universalist PA Legislative Advocacy Network (UUPLAN); United Afri-can Organization; United Families; Univer-sity Leadership Initiative; University of San Francisco Immigration and Deportation De-fense Clinic; UNO Immigration Ministry; UPLIFT; UpValley Family Centers; VietLead; Vital Immigrant Defense Advo-cacy & Services, Santa Rosa, CA; Volunteers of Legal Service; Washtenaw Interfaith Coa-lition for Immigrant Rights; Watertown Citi-zens for Peace, Justice, and the Environ-ment; Wayne Action for Racial Equality; WeCount!; WESPAC Foundation; Wilco Jus-tice Alliance (Williamson County, TX). Women Watch Afrika, Inc.; Worksafe; Young Immigrants in Action; YWCA Alaska; YWCA Alliance; YWCA Berkeley/Oakland; YWCA Brooklyn; YWCA Clark County; YWCA Elgin; YWCA Greater Austin; YWCA Greater Pittsburgh; YWCA Greater Portland; YWCA Madison; YWCA Minneapolis; YWCA Mount Desert Island. YWCA NE KANSAS; YWCA of Metropoli-tan Detroit; YWCA of the University of Illi-nois; YWCA Olympia; YWCA Pasadena-Foot-hill Valley; YWCA Rochester & Monroe County; YWCA Southeastern Massachusetts; YWCA Southern Arizona; YWCA Tulsa; YWCA Warren; YWCA Westmoreland Coun-ty. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ) for a unanimous consent request. (Ms. LOFGREN asked and was given permission to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD letters in opposi-tion to this bill from the National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Vio-lence, the CATO Institute, Church World Service, and the ACLU. 
NATIONAL TASKFORCE TO END S
EXUAL & DOMESTIC VIOLENCE , June 27, 2017. The National Taskforce to End Sexual and Domestic Violence (NTF), comprised of na-tional leadership organizations advocating on behalf of sexual assault and domestic vio-lence victims and representing hundreds of organizations across the country dedicated to ensuring all survivors of violence receive the protections they deserve, write to ex-press our deep concerns about the impact that H.R. 3003, the ‘‘No Sanctuary for Crimi-nals Act,’’ and H.R. 3004, or ‘‘Kate’s Law,’’ will have on victims fleeing or recovering from sexual assault, domestic violence, or human trafficking, and on communities at large. This year is the twenty-third anniversary of the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act (‘‘VAWA’’) which has, since it was first enacted, included critical protections for im-migrant victims of domestic and sexual vio-lence. H.R. 3003 and H.R. 3004 will have the effect of punishing immigrant survivors and their children and pushing them into the shadows and into danger, undermining the very purpose of VAWA. Specifically, the na-tion’s leading national organizations that address domestic and sexual assault oppose H.R. 3003 and H.R. 3004 because: Community trust policies are critical tools for increasing community safety. Laws that seek to intertwine the federal immigration and local law enforcement systems will un-dermine the Congressional purpose of protec-tions enacted under VAWA and will have the chilling effect of pushing immigrant victims into the shadows and undermining public safety. Immigration enforcement must be implemented in a way that supports local community policing and sustains commu-nity trust in working with local law enforce-ment. H.R. 3003 runs contrary to community policing efforts and will deter immigrant do-mestic violence and sexual assault survivors not only from reporting crimes, but also from seeking help for themselves and their children. While H.R. 3003 does not require that local law enforcement arrest or report immigrant victims or witnesses of criminal activity, the language in the bill provides no restriction prohibiting such practices. Perpetrators use fear of deportation as tool of abuse. Local policies that minimize the intertwining of local law enforcement with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) help protect the most vulnerable vic-tims by creating trust between law enforce-ment and the immigrant community, which in turn help protect entire communities. Abusers and traffickers use the fear of depor-tation of their victims as a tool to silence and trap them. If immigrants are afraid to call the police because of fear of deportation, they become more vulnerable to abuse and exploitation. Not only are the individual vic-tims and their children harmed, but their fear of law enforcement leads many to ab-stain from reporting violent perpetrators or seeking protection and, as a result, dan-gerous criminals are not identified and go unpunished. As VAWA recognizes, immigrant victims of violent crimes often do not contact law en-forcement due to fear that they will be de-ported. Immigrants are already afraid of con-tacting the police and H.R. 3003 proposes to further intertwine federal immigration and local law enforcement systems will only ex-acerbate this fear. The result is that per-petrators will be able to continue to harm others, both immigrant and U.S. Citizen vic-tims alike. Since January of 2017, victim ad-vocates have been describing the immense fear expressed by immigrant victims and their reluctance to reach out for help from police. A recent survey of over 700 advocates and attorneys at domestic violence and sex-ual assault programs indicate that immi-grant victims are expressing heightened fears and concerns about immigration en-forcement, with 78% of advocates and attor-neys reporting that victims are describing fear of contacting the police; 75% of them re-porting that victims are afraid of going to court; and 43% reporting working with immi-grant victims who are choosing not to move forward with criminal charges or obtaining protective orders. In addition, according to Los Angeles Po-lice Chief Charlie Beck, reporting of sexual assault and domestic violence among Latinos has dropped significantly this year, possibly due to concerns that police inter-action could result in deportation. According to Chief Beck, reports of sexual assault have dropped 25 percent among Los Angeles’ Latino population since the beginning of the year compared to a three percent drop among non-Latino victims. Similarly, re-ports of spousal abuse among Latinos fell by about 10 percent among Latinos whereas the decline among non-Latinos was four percent. The Houston Police Department reported in April that the number of Hispanics reporting rape is down 42.8 percent from last year. In Denver, CO, the Denver City Attorney has reported that some domestic violence vic-tims are declining to testify in court. As of late February, the City Attorney’s Office had dropped four cases because the victims fear that ICE officers will arrest and deport them. Both the City Attorney and Aurora Police Chief have spoken on the importance of having trust with the immigrant commu-nity in order to maintain public safety and prosecute crime? 
H.R. 3003 WILL UNFAIRLY PUNISH ENTIRE  
COMMUNITIES  H.R. 3003 punishes localities that follow Constitutional guidelines and refuse to honor detainer requests that are not sup-ported by due process mandates. H.R. 3003 likely covers more than 600 jurisdictions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.030 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5342 June 29, 2017 
across the country, most of which do not characterize their policies to follow con-stitutional mandates as ‘‘sanctuary’’ poli-cies. H.R. 3003 penalizes jurisdictions by eliminating their access to various federal grants, including federal law enforcement grants, such as the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program, and other federal grants related to law enforcement or immigration, such as those that fund foren-sic rape kit analysis. Withholding federal law enforcement funding would, ironically, undermine the ability of local jurisdictions to combat and prevent crime in their com-munities. In addition, the fiscal impact of both H.R. 3003 and H.R. 3004 will result in limited fed-eral law enforcement resources being further reduced as a result of shifting funding from enforcing federal criminal laws addressing violent crimes, including those protecting victims of domestic violence, sexual assault, and human trafficking, to the detention and prosecution of many non-violent immigra-tion law violators. 
H.R. 3003 AND H .R. 3004 WILL UNFAIRLY PUNISH  
VICTIMS  By greatly expanding mandatory detention and expanding criminal penalties for re-entry, H.R. 3003 and H.R. 3004 will have harsh consequences for immigrant survivors. Vic-tims of human trafficking, sexual assault, and domestic violence are often at risk of being arrested and convicted. In recognition of this fact, existing ICE guidance cites the example of when police respond to a domes-tic violence call, both parties may be ar-rested or a survivor who acted in self-defense may be wrongly accused. In addition, if the abuser speaks English better than the sur-vivor, or if other language or cultural bar-riers (or fear of retaliation from the abuser) prevent the survivor from fully disclosing the abuse suffered, a survivor faces charges and tremendous pressure to plead guilty (without being advised about the long-term consequences) in order to be released from jail and reunited with her children. In addi-tion, victims of trafficking are often ar-rested and convicted for prostitution-related offenses. These victims are often desperate to be released and possibly to be reunited with their children following their arrests or pending trial. These factors—combined with poor legal counsel, particularly about the immigration consequences of criminal pleas and convictions—have in the past and will likely continue to lead to deportation of wrongly accused victims who may have pled to or been unfairly convicted of domestic vi-olence charges and/or prostitution. H.R. 3003 imposes harsh criminal penalties and H.R. 3004 imposes expanded bases for detention without consideration of mitigating cir-cumstances or humanitarian exceptions for these victims. In addition, H.R. 3004 expands the criminal consequences for re-entry in the U.S. with-out recognizing the compelling humani-tarian circumstances in which victims who have been previously removed return for their safety. Victims of domestic and sexual violence and trafficking fleeing violence in their countries of origin will be penalized for seeking protection from harm. In recent years, women and children fleeing rampant violence in El Salvador, Guatemala and Hon-duras, have fled to the United States, seek-ing refuge. Frequently, because of inad-equate access to legal representation, they are unable to establish their eligibility for legal protections in the United States, re-sulting in their removal. In many cases, the risk of domestic violence, sexual assault, and/or human trafficking in their countries of origin remain unabated and victims subse-quently attempt to reenter the U.S. to pro-tect themselves and their children. Other victims of domestic and sexual violence and trafficking may be deported because their abusers or traffickers isolate them, or pre-vent them from obtaining lawful immigra-tion status. They are deported, with some victims having to leave their children behind in the custody of their abusers or traffickers. Under H.R. 3004, these victims risk harsh criminal penalties for re-entry for attempt-ing to protect themselves and their children. On behalf of the courageous survivors of domestic violence, sexual assault, dating vi-olence, stalking and human trafficking that our organizations serve, we urge you to vote against H.R. 3003 and 3004, and to affirm the intent and spirit of VAWA by supporting strong relationships between law enforce-ment and immigrant communities, which is critical for public safety in general, and par-ticularly essential for domestic and sexual violence victims and their children. Sincerely, THENATIONAL TASKFORCE TO ENDSEXUAL  
ANDDOMESTIC VIOLENCE . 
[From the CATO Institute] K
ATE’SLAW: A WASTE OF FEDERAL  R
ESOURCES  (By David Bier) The House of Representatives will vote on a bill this week titled ‘‘Kate’s Law’’ (H.R. 3004). While it is nominally an ‘‘immigra-tion’’ bill, its principal aim relates to crimi-nal justice—namely, an increase in the max-imum sentences for immigrants who reenter the country illegally after a deportation. The bill is a waste of federal resources. It would likely balloon America’s population of nonviolent prisoners, while not protecting Americans against serious criminals. 
KATE ’S LAW WOULD NOT HAVE HELPED KATE  The bill’s namesake is Kate Steinle, a 32- year-old medical sales rep killed in San Francisco in 2015. Her killer was Juan Fran-cisco Lopez-Sanchez who was in the country without status after five removals. Pro-ponents of this bill—providing lengthier pris-on sentences for people who reenter the country after a removal—believe that this would have somehow helped Kate Steinle. This assertion cannot withstand a moment’s contact with the facts of the case, which I have previously laid out in detail here. After his last three apprehensions, the gov-ernment prosecuted Lopez-Sanchez for fel-ony illegal reentry. He served 15 years in fed-eral prison in three five-year increments. None of the facts of this case would have changed if he had served those 15 years con-secutively. Indeed, because Lopez-Sanchez never actually made it across the border without being caught since 1997, the only reason that he ended up in San Francisco is because the Bureau of Prisons inexplicably decided to ignore a request for transfer from Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). Instead, it shipped him to the city based on a 20-year-old marijuana charge—an offense no longer even exists in the city. Thus, deterrence against reentry has no rel-evance whatsoever to this case. 
THE PROVISIONS OF KATE ’S LAW  This legislation introduced by House Judi-ciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte (R–VA) should not be confused with other bills of the same name introduced in the House and the Senate by Rep. Steve King (R– IA) and Sen. Ted Cruz (R–TX), respectively. The entire purpose of the prior iterations of ‘‘Kate’s Law’’ was to create mandatory min-imum sentences for crossing the border ille-gally after a removal. Indeed, the alternate title for the bills was the ‘‘Establishing Man-datory Minimums for Illegal Reentry Act.’’ This new Kate’s Law, however, mercifully contains no mandatory minimum sen-tences—a sign that criminal justice reform-ers’ criticisms of them (including Cato’s) have started to penetrate the mainstream. But the purpose of the law in the broader sense remains: trying to lock up more immi-grants for longer periods. Most of the actual text comes from section 3705 of the Senate comprehensive immigration reform bill (S. 744) passed in June 2013, but the Kate’s Law authors have added several odious provi-sions. The heart of the bill would create a new 10-year maximum sentence for any per-son removed or denied entry more than two times who reenters. The current maximum for regular reentry is just 2 years. It would increase the maximum sentences for people who reenter after being convicted of various criminal offenses—including for immigration offenses—to up to 25 years. Kate’s Law deletes two important provi-sions from the 5.744 language that would have protected from prosecution non-felon juveniles (p. 772–73) and humanitarian groups that provide immigrants caught in deserts or mountains food, water, or transportation to safety, which are sometimes the target of the ‘‘aiding and abetting’’ statutes (p. 774). Kate’s Law would also prohibit challenging the legality or validity of a prior removal order, which is a common defense in these cases. If the earlier removal was not valid, as in at least one case where a U.S. citizen was deported, it should not be the basis of pros-ecution. Kate’s Law also would allow for prosecu-tions of immigrants who attempt to enter the United States unsuccessfully. Under cur-rent judicial interpretation, an alien must be ‘‘free from official restraint’’—that is, not in the custody or control of a government offi-cial. The 9th Circuit has interpreted to in-clude even chases along the border. Thus, the bill would significantly expand the number of people eligible for prosecution for the criminal reentry statute. KATE ’S LAW WOULD FURTHER OVER - 
CRIMINALIZATION  The U.S. Sentencing Commission esti-mated that the original mandatory mini-mums version of Kate’s Law would increase the federal prison population by almost 60,000 in 5 years—a massive 30 percent in-crease in the total federal prison population. Unfortunately, the House is moving this new version—revealed late last week—without an estimate of either its financial impact or its impact on the federal prison population. But the law would likely completely reverse the recent 5 percent decline in the federal prison population, the first reduction since the 1970s. Immigration offenses are already the top reason for a federal arrest, composing half. of all federal criminal arrests up, a share that has doubled since 2004. From 1998 to 2010, 56 percent of all federal prison admis-sions were for immigration crimes. Locking up immigrants requires taxpayers to pay to watch, house, clothe, and feed them, and un-like U.S. citizens who are released into the interior, their incarceration does not prevent other U.S. residents from being exposed their criminal behavior (assuming illegal crossing is a concern in that regard). While naturally locking people up has some deterrent effect on future crossing, Border Patrol doesn’t bother to keep good data on this impact compared to its other ef-forts. Given the costs of incarceration—both to the person incarcerated and to the U.S. taxpayer—this seems like a critical insight. In any case, if Congress was serious about discouraging illegal immigration, it would make legal immigration significantly easier. As I have shown, the availability of work permits has a major impact on illegal immi-gration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.053 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5343 June 29, 2017 
It’s not clear that the motivation for Kate’s Law is reducing illegal immigration per se, but rather the belief that illegal im-migrants are more likely to commit serious crimes and so should be singled out. Yet as my colleagues’ recent paper demonstrates, illegal immigrants are much less likely to end up behind bars than U.S.-born citizens. Because unauthorized immigrants are re-quired to serve sentences before their re-moval, this is the best indication that they are less likely to commit crimes that require jail time. In the end, Kate’s Law is an improvement on its prior versions, but still an unjustifi-able use of federal resources. CWS S
TATEMENT TO OPPOSING H.R. 3003, THE N
OSANCTUARY FOR CRIMINALS ACT, AND H.R. 3004, K
ATE’SLAW As a 71-year old humanitarian organization representing 37 Protestant, Anglican, and Orthodox communions and 34 refugee reset-tlement offices across the country, Church World Service (CWS) urges all Members of Congress to support the long-standing efforts of law enforcement officials to foster trust-ing relationships with the communities they protect and serve. As we pray for peace and an end to senseless acts of violence that are too prevalent in this country, CWS encour-ages the U.S. Congress to refrain from politi-cizing tragedies or conflating the actions of one person with an entire community of our immigrant brothers and sisters and oppose H.R. 3003, the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, and H.R. 3004, Kate’s Law. H.R. 3003, the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, would target more than 600+ cities, counties, and states across the country and threaten to take away millions of dollars in federal funding that local police use to pro-mote public safety. Communities are safer when they commit to policies that strength-en trust and cooperation between local law enforcement, community leadership and in-stitutions, and all residents, regardless of immigration status. The Federal govern-ment should not hurt intentional, commu-nity-based policing efforts that are vital in communities across the country. Many cities have already recognized that requests by Im-migration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to hold individuals beyond their court-ap-pointed sentences violate due process and have been found unconstitutional by federal courts. This bill would raise profound con-stitutional concerns by prohibiting localities from declining to comply with ICE detainer requests even when such compliance would violate federal court orders and the U.S. Constitution. Local police that refuse ICE detainer requests see an increase in public safety due to improved trust from the com-munity. It is precisely this trust that en-ables community members to report dan-gerous situations without the fear of being deported or separated from their families. When local police comply with ICE detainer requests, more crimes go unreported because victims and witnesses are afraid of being de-ported if they contact the police. This bill would also undermine local criminal pros-ecutions by allowing the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to ignore state or local criminal warrants and refuse to trans-fer individuals to state or local custody in certain circumstances. This bill would re-duce community safety by preventing state and local jurisdictions from holding people accountable. The United States already spends more than $18 billion on immigration enforcement per year, more than all other federal law en-forcement agencies combined. H.R. 3004, Kate’s Law, would expand the federal gov-ernment’s ability to prosecute individuals for ‘‘illegal reentry’’ and impose even more severe penalties in these cases—even though prosecutions for migration-related offenses already make up more than 50% of all federal prosecutions. Yet, this bill does not include adequate protections for individuals who re-enter the U.S. in order to seek protection, which would place asylum seekers at risk of being returned to the violence and persecu-tion they fled. We have seen how Border Pa-trol’s current practices violate existing U.S. law and treaty obligations by preventing via-ble asylum claims from moving forward. DHS has found that in some areas, Border Patrol refers asylum seekers for criminal prosecution despite the fact that they have expressed fear of persecution. In May 2017, a report was released highlighting that many asylum seekers, who had expressed a fear of returning to their home countries are being turned away by CBP agents. New barriers to protection are unnecessary and would dan-gerously impede our obligations under inter-national and U.S. law. Federal, state, and local policies that focus on deportation do not reduce crime rates. In-dividuals are being deported who present no risk to public safety and who are long-stand-ing community members, including parents of young children. Immigrants come to this country to reunite with family, work, and make meaningful contributions that enrich their communities. Several studies over the last century have affirmed that all immi-grants, regardless of nationality or status, are less likely than U.S. citizens to commit violent crimes. A recent report found a cor-relation between the increase in undocu-mented immigrants, and the sharp decline in violent and property crime rates. Immigra-tion is correlated with significantly higher employment growth and a decline in the un-employment rate, and immigrants have high entrepreneurial rates, creating successful businesses that hire immigrant and U.S. cit-izen employees. As communities of faith, we are united by principles of compassion, stewardship, and justice. CWS urges all Members of Congress to oppose H.R. 3003, the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, and H.R. 3004, Kate’s Law. What we need are real solutions and immi-gration policies that treat our neighbors with the dignity and respect that all people deserve and affirm local law enforcement of-ficers’ efforts to build trust with their com-munities. A
MERICAN CIVILLIBERTIES UNION, Washington, DC, June 27, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Re ACLU Opposes H.R. 3003 (No Sanctuary for Criminals Act) and H.R. 3004 (Kate’s Law) D
EARSPEAKER RYAN AND MINORITY LEADER  P
ELOSI : On behalf of the American Civil Lib-erties Union (‘‘ACLU’’), we submit this letter to the House of Representatives to express our strong opposition to H.R. 3003, the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act, and H.R. 3004, Kate’s Law. 
NO SANCTUARY FOR CRIMINALS ACT (H .R. 3003) H.R. 3003 conflicts with the principles of the Fourth Amendment. H.R. 3003 defies the Fourth Amendment by amending 8 USC Section 1373 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (‘‘INA’’) to force lo-calities to comply with unlawful detainer re-quests or risk losing federal funding. This is despite the fact that an ‘‘increasing number of federal court decisions’’ have held that ‘‘detainer-based detention by state and local law enforcement agencies violates the Fourth Amendment,’’ as recognized by former Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson in 2014. Disturbingly, H.R. 3003 seeks to penalize the 600+ localities that abide by the Fourth Amendment. These jurisdictions have recog-nized that by entangling local authorities and federal immigration enforcement, immi-gration detainers erode trust between immi-grant communities and local law enforce-ment. In this way, immigration detainers ul-timately undermine public safety, as entire communities become wary of seeking assist-ance from police and other government au-thorities that are supposed to provide help in times of need. Thus, by forcing jurisdictions to comply with unlawful detainer requests, H.R. 3003 will only make communities less safe, not more. H.R. 3003 would also amend Section 287 of the INA to allow the Department of Home-land Security (‘‘DHS’’) to take custody of a person being held under a detainer within 48 hours (excluding weekends and holidays) ‘‘but in no instance more than 96 hours’’ fol-lowing the date that the individual would otherwise be released from criminal custody. This, again, raises serious Fourth Amend-ment concerns, as the Supreme Court has stated that the Constitution requires a judi-cial finding of probable cause within 48 hours of arrest. This provision would disregard the Court’s ruling entirely and allow a local law enforcement agency to hold a person for up to 7 days before requiring DHS interven-tion—and never requiring the person be brought before a judge for a probable cause hearing. Protection against unreasonable detention by the government is the bedrock of the Con-stitution’s Fourth Amendment, which pro-vides that the government cannot hold any-one in jail without getting a warrant or ap-proval from a neutral magistrate. This con-stitutional protection applies to everyone in the United States—citizen and immigrant alike. Immigration detainers, however, do not abide by these standards. Detainers are one of the key tools that DHS uses to apprehend individuals who come in contact with local and state law enforcement agencies. An im-migration detainer is a written request from DHS to that local law enforcement agency, requesting that they detain an individual for an additional 48 hours after the person’s re-lease date, in order to allow immigration agents extra time to decide whether to take that person into custody for deportation pur-poses. DHS’s use of detainers to imprison people without due process, without any charges pending, and without probable cause of a criminal violation flies in the face of our Fourth Amendment protections. Policies that allow DHS to detain people at-will are ripe for civil and human rights violations and have resulted in widespread wrongful de-tentions, including detentions of U.S. citi-zens. That is why many of the 600+ localities targeted by H.R. 3003 have decided not to execute a DHS immigration detainer request unless it is accompanied by additional evi-dence, a determination of probable cause, or a judicial warrant. Unfortunately, H.R. 3003 does nothing to address the fundamental constitutional prob-lems plaguing DHS’s use of immigration de-tainers. Rather than fix the constitutional problems by requiring a judicial warrant, the bill perpetuates the unconstitutional de-tainer practices and forces the federal gov-ernment to absorb legal liability for the con-stitutional violations which will inevitably result. This is irresponsible lawmaking. In-stead of saddling taxpayers with the liability the federal government will incur from Fourth Amendment violations, Congress should end the use of DHS’s unconstitutional detainer requests. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.054 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5344 June 29, 2017 
H.R. 3003 violates the Due Process Clause by allowing DHS to detain people indefi-nitely without a bond hearing. Section 4 of H.R. 3003 radically expands our immigration detention system by amending Section 236(c) of the INA to authorize man-datory detention ‘‘without time limitation.’’ This empowers DHS to detain countless im-migrants for as long as it takes to conclude removal proceedings—even if that takes years—without the basic due process of a bond hearing to determine if their imprison-ment is even justified. This is a clear con-stitutional violation, as the federal courts have overwhelmingly held that jailing immi-grants for months and years without bond hearings raises serious problems under the Due Process Clause. Although the bill claims to provide for the ‘‘detention of criminal aliens,’’ it massively expands mandatory detention to people with no criminal record whatsoever, including im-migrants who lack legal papers or who over-stay a tourist visa. The ‘‘lock ’em up’’ ap-proach to immigration enforcement is cruel, irrational, and unconstitutional. The Su-preme Court has permitted brief periods of mandatory detention only in cases where in-dividuals are charged with deportation based on certain criminal convictions. The Court has not endorsed the mandatory lock-up of people who have never committed a crime. 
KATE ’S LAW (H .R. 3004) H.R. 3004 is piecemeal immigration en-forcement that expands America’s federal prison population and lines the coffers of pri-vate prison companies. Increasing the maximum sentences for ille-gal reentrants is unnecessary, wasteful, and inhumane. H.R. 3004 envisions a federal criminal justice system that prosecutes asy-lum-seekers, persons providing humani-tarian assistance to migrants in distress, and parents who pose no threat to public safety in returning to the U.S. to reunite with chil-dren who need their care (individuals with children in the United States are 50 percent of those convicted of illegal reentry). Current law already imposes a sentence of up to 20 years on anyone convicted of ille-gally reentering the country who has com-mitted an aggravated felony. U.S. Attorneys’ Offices aggressively enforce these provisions. According to the U.S. Sentencing Commis-sion, immigration prosecutions account for 52 percent of all federal prosecutions—sur-passing drugs, weapons, fraud and thousands of other crimes. Nearly 99 percent of illegal reentry defendants are sentenced to federal prison time. H.R. 3004 would drastically expand Amer-ica’s prison population of nonviolent pris-oners at a time when there is bipartisan sup-port to reduce the federal prison population. It offends due process by cutting off all col-lateral attacks on unjust prior deportation orders, despite the Supreme Court’s contrary ruling in United States v. Mendoza-Lopez. Profiteering by private prison companies has been the main consequence of border-cross-ing prosecutions, which the Government Ac-countability Office and the DHS Office of In-spector General have criticized as lacking sound deterrent support. H.R. 3004 is an integral part of this admin-istration’s mass deportation and mass incar-ceration agenda. Longer sentences for illegal reentry are not recommended by any in-formed federal criminal-justice stakeholders; rather they represent this administration’s anti-immigrant obsession and would expen-sively expand substandard private jail con-tracting despite the life-threatening condi-tions in these facilities. In conclusion, H.R. 3003 and H.R. 3004 are fraught with constitutional problems that threaten the civil and human rights of our immigrant communities, undercut law en-forcement’s ability to keep our communities safe, and would balloon our federal prison population by financing private prison cor-porations. Rather than taking a punitive ap-proach to local law enforcement agencies that are working hard to balance their du-ties to uphold the Constitution and to keep their communities safe, Congress should end DHS’s unconstitutional detainer practices or fix the constitutional deficiencies by requir-ing judicial warrants for all detainer re-quests. Congress should also repeal manda-tory detention so that all immigrants re-ceive the basic due process of a bond hearing and reject any attempt to unfairly imprison individuals who are not a threat to public safety. For more information, please contact ACLU Director of Immigration Policy and Campaigns, Lorella Praeli. Sincerely, FAIZSHAKIR , National Political Director. L
ORELLA PRAELI , Director of Immigration Policy and Campaigns. 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. J
UDYCHU), a former mem-ber of the House Judiciary Committee. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3004, Kate’s Law. This is politi-cally driven legislation intended to create a fear of immigrants, even though repeated studies have shown immigrants commit less crimes. It enhances criminal penalties against immigrants, the vast majority of whom have come here peacefully to rejoin loved ones. All that, and it doesn’t even do what it claims to, ad-dress the situation that led to the trag-ic death of Kate Steinle. There are those who might imply that this bill came from H.R. 15, the comprehensive bipartisan immigration bill that could have passed the House if allowed to vote on the floor, but this is not true. I know, because I was one of the lead sponsors of this bill. Our bill would have vastly improved the pathways to immigrate legally to the U.S. This bill makes no distinction between those immigrants trying to re-join their families and those who may be prone to commit crimes. Instead, it treats all immigrants at-tempting to reenter the U.S. as crimi-nals and significantly expands sen-tences for persons with misdemeanors such as driving without a license or loi-tering. Even asylum seekers, who present themselves at the border to es-cape deadly gang violence in their home country, could be subject to criminal prosecution. Turning our backs on asylum seekers and refugees doesn’t make us safer. It makes us weak, and it is just plain wrong. We were horrified by Kate Steinle’s murder, but the provisions in this bill would not have prevented it. The man charged with killing her was convicted for multiple illegal reentry offenses, serving more than 16 years in prison. He had been caught each time he at-tempted to cross the border. His pres-ence in San Francisco was not due to lax penalties for reentry or weak bor-der security. I urge my colleagues to oppose this misguided legislation ripped from the pages of Donald Trump’s mass deporta-tion and anti-immigrant playbook. I include in the RECORD five docu-ments from organizations that are op-posed to this bill as well as the sanc-tuary bill, and that is the 15,000 immi-gration lawyers and law professors who are members of the American Immigra-tion Lawyers Association; the 1.6 mil-lion members of the American Federa-tion of State, County and Municipal Employees, or AFSCME; the 2 million members of the Service Employees International Union, SEIU; the Asian Americans Advancing Justice; and the Fair Immigration Reform Movement. 
AMERICAN IMMIGRATION  L
AWYERS ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, June 27, 2017. Statement of the American Immigration Lawyers Association Opposing the ‘‘No Sanctuary for Criminals Act’’ (H.R. 3003) and ‘‘Kate’s Law’’ (H.R. 3004) Contact: Gregory Chen, Director of Government Relations. As the national bar association of over 15,000 immigration lawyers and law profes-sors, the American Immigration Lawyers As-sociation (AILA) opposes ‘‘No Sanctuary for Criminals Act’’ (H.R. 3003) and ‘‘Kate’s Law’’ (H.R. 3004). AILA recommends that members of Congress reject these bills which are scheduled to come before the House Rules Committee on June 27 and to the floor short-ly thereafter. Though Judiciary Chairman Goodlatte stated that the bills will ‘‘enhance public safety,’’ they will do just the opposite: undermine public safety and make it even harder for local law enforcement to protect their residents and communities. In addi-tion, the bills which were made public less than a week before the vote and completely bypassed the Judiciary Committee, include provisions that will result in violations of due process and the Fourth and Tenth Amendments to the Constitution. At a time when over 9 out of 10 Americans support immigration reform and legalization of the undocumented, Republican leadership is asking the House to vote on enforcement- only bills that will lead to more apprehen-sions, deportations, and prosecutions of thousands of immigrants and their families who have strong ties to the United States. Instead of criminalizing and scapegoating immigrants, Congress should be offering workable reforms that will strengthen our economy and our country. 
THE NO SANCTUARY FOR CRIMINALS ACT , H.R. 
3003 H.R. 3003 would undermine public safety and interfere with local policing. H.R. 3003 would amend 8 U.S.C. §1373 to prevent states or localities from establishing laws or policies that prohibit or ‘‘in any way’’ restrict compliance with or coopera-tion with federal immigration enforcement. The bill dramatically expands 8 U.S.C. §1373 which is more narrowly written and pro-hibits local law enforcement from restricting the sharing and exchange of information with federal authorities, but only with re-spect to an individual’s citizenship or immi-gration status. Rather than empowering localities, the ex-tremely broad wording of H.R. 3003 would strip localities of the ability to enact com-mon-sense crime prevention policies that en-sure victims of crime will seek protection and report crimes. The bill would also under-mine public safety by prohibiting DHS from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.032 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5345 June 29, 2017 
honoring criminal warrants of communities deemed ‘‘sanctuary cities’’ if the individual being sought by local law enforcement has a final order of removal. Under H.R. 3003, localities that fail to com-ply with federal immigration efforts are pe-nalized with the denial of federal funding for critical law enforcement, national security, drug treatment, and crime victim initia-tives, including the State Criminal Alien As-sistance Program (SCAAP), Community Ori-ented Policing Services (COPS), and Byrne JAG programs that provide hundreds of mil-lions of dollars to localities nationwide. In an effort to force localities to engage in civil immigration enforcement efforts, in-cluding those against nonviolent undocu-mented immigrants, the bill would make it far more difficult for many localities, includ-ing large cities, to arrest and prosecute po-tentially dangerous criminals. The bill could even offer criminals a form of immunity, knowing that any crimes they commit in a designated sanctuary city would result, at most, in their removal from the country as opposed to criminal prosecution. H.R. 3003 would run afoul of constitutional safeguards in the Fourth Amendment. By prohibiting localities from restricting or limiting their own cooperation with fed-eral immigration enforcement, H.R. 3003 ef-fectively compels localities to honor ICE de-tainer requests—a controversial and con-stitutionally suspect practice that is none-theless widely-used by ICE. Federal courts have found that ICE use of detainers violates the Fourth Amendment, and that localities may be held liable for honoring them. The bill also expands detainer authority by establishing that ICE may issue detainer re-quests for localities to hold undocumented immigrants for up to 96 hours—twice what is currently allowed—even if probable cause has not been shown. Courts have concluded that localities cannot continue detaining someone unless ICE obtains a warrant from a neutral magistrate who has determined there is probable cause, or in the case of a warrantless arrest, review by a neutral mag-istrate within 48 hours of arrest. The expan-sive provisions in H.R. 3003 would force local-ities to choose between detaining people in violation of the Constitution or being pun-ished as a ‘‘sanctuary city.’’ Furthermore, this bill provides govern-ment actors and private contractors with immunity if they are sued for violating the Constitution. Provisions in this bill transfer the financial burden of litigation by sub-stituting the federal government for the local officers as the defendant. If H.R. 3003 becomes law, American taxpayers would be stuck paying for lawsuits brought by those who are unjustly detained. The bill goes even further by creating a private right of action allowing crime vic-tims or their family members to sue local-ities if the crime was committed by someone who was released by the locality that did not honor an ICE detainer request. H.R. 3003 would violate the Tenth Amend-ment. H.R. 3003 would compel states and local-ities to utilize their local law enforcement resources to implement federal civil immi-gration enforcement in violation of the Tenth Amendment’s ‘‘commandeering’’ prin-ciple. The Tenth Amendment does not per-mit the federal government to force counties and cities to allocate local resources, includ-ing police officers, technology, and per-sonnel, to enforce federal immigration law. The federal government also cannot with-hold funds from localities refusing to partici-pate in federal efforts if the programs af-fected are unrelated to the purpose of the federal program, or if the sanctions are puni-tive in nature. H.R. 3003 would expand detention without due process. H.R. 3003 would increase the use of deten-tion without ensuring those detained have access to a bond determination. Under the bill, nearly anyone who is undocumented, in-cluding those who have overstayed their visa would be subject to detention without a cus-tody hearing. The bill also establishes that DHS has the authority to detain individuals ‘‘without time limitation’’ during the pend-ency of removal proceedings. These provi-sions would dramatically expand the federal government’s power to indefinitely detain individuals, and would likely result in ever growing numbers of undocumented immi-grants held in substandard detention facili-ties. 
KATE ’S LAW , H.R. 3004 H.R. 3004 would expand the already severe penalties in federal law for illegal reentry (INA §276; 8 U.S.C. §1326). The number of peo-ple prosecuted for illegal reentry has grown steadily to about 20,000 prosecutions each year, and such cases comprise more than one quarter of all federal criminal prosecutions nationwide. H.R. 3004 adds sentencing en-hancements for people who are convicted of minor misdemeanors and people who have re-entered multiple times but have no criminal convictions. This bill will not improve public safety and will undermine due process and protections for asylum seekers. H.R. 3004 would waste American taxpayer funds by im-posing severe prison sentences upon thou-sands of people who pose no threat to the community and who have strong ties to the country and are trying to unite with their loved ones. H.R. 3004 would impose severe sentencing enhancements upon people with minor of-fenses. H.R. 3004 would add sentencing enhance-ments for minor misdemeanor convictions, including driving without a license and other traffic-related offenses. Under the current version of INA §276, if a person is charged with reentering the U.S. after being re-moved, their punishment is enhanced by up to ten years only if they have been convicted a felony or three or more misdemeanors in-volving drugs or violence. Under H.R. 3004 someone who has been convicted of any three misdemeanors regardless of severity would be subject to a term of up to ten years. This expansion would unfairly target large numbers of people who are not a threat to public safety but instead are trying to re-unite with family members and have other strong ties to the United States. Currently half of all people convicted of illegal reentry have one child living in the country. Increas-ing sentences for illegal reentry would also waste taxpayer dollars, costing huge amounts of money to lock up non-violent people. H.R. 3004 would punish people who attempt to seek asylum at the border. H.R. 3004 expands the provisions of INA §276 to punish not only people who reenter the U.S. or attempt to reenter the U.S., but also people who cross or attempt to cross the border. The bill goes on to define ‘‘crosses the border’’ to mean ‘‘the physical act of crossing the border, regardless of whether the alien is free from official restraint.’’ That means that people who present them-selves at ports of entry to request asylum and are taken into custody by CBP to await a fear screening would be subject to criminal charges based on a past removal, even though they are seeking refuge in the U.S. H.R. 3004 would impose severe sentencing enhancements for people with multiple en-tries. The bill would also create new sentencing enhancements for people who have reentered the U.S. multiple times, even if they have no other criminal convictions. If someone has been removed three or more times, and is found in the United States or attempts to cross the border again, H.R. 3004 law would provide for sentencing enhancements of up to ten years. The bill makes no exception for bona fide asylum seekers, which means that people who are seeking refuge in the U.S. from atrocities abroad could be subject to a lengthy prison sentence under these provi-sions. H.R. 3004 would undermine due process by blocking challenges to unfair removal or-ders. The bill will prevent an individual from challenging the validity of a removal order, even it was fundamentally unfair in the first place. The Supreme Court held in U.S. v. Mendoza-Lopez, 481 U.S. 828 (1987) that due process requires that a challenge be allowed if a deportation proceeding is used as an ele-ment of a criminal offense and where the proceeding ‘‘effectively eliminate[d] the right of the alien to obtain judicial review.’’ This provision in H.R. 3004 is likely unconsti-tutional and will cause grave injustice to de-fendants, such as asylum seekers who were deported without the opportunity to seek asylum. 
AFSCME, Washington, DC, June 28, 2017. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 1.6 million members of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), I urge you to oppose the punitive and unnecessary No Sanctuary for Criminals Act (H.R. 3003) and its companion bill that increases penalties for certain immigrants (H.R. 3004). These bills together weaken the rights of immigrants, cut funding to vital state and local programs, and further crim-inalize immigrants. H.R. 3003 and 3004 are deeply flawed pieces of legislation that would add chaos to an al-ready broken immigration system when comprehensive reform is what is needed. The bills undermine state and local policing strategies that have worked well for many communities. Implementing this ‘‘one size fits all’’ approach, as proposed in these bills, jeopardizes the trust that diverse commu-nities have placed in their police force and undermines federal grants that are aimed at helping law enforcement and that support the very programs needed to reduce crime. H.R. 3003 forces communities to devote local resources to enforcing federal immigra-tion law and penalizes them if they don’t comply. H.R. 3004 mandates increased pen-alties on immigrants for reentry, which could lead to a large increase in the prison population without additional resources. This would create new financial liability for federal, state, and local governments, that are already cash strapped, at a time when funding is urgently needed for investments in public safety, infrastructure and other vital community needs. We urge the House to reject both H.R. 3003 and H.R. 3004. Sincerely, S
COTT FREY, Director of Federal Legislative Affairs. 
SEIU, Washington, DC, June 28, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the two million members of the Service Employ-ees International Union (SEIU), I urge you to vote no on H.R. 3004 and H.R. 3003, which are currently scheduled to come to the House floor this week. These mean-spirited and unwise bills would waste taxpayer dol-lars, shackle local law enforcement efforts to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.044 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5346 June 29, 2017 
protect the public, and make our nation’s immigration laws even meaner and less rea-sonable than they already are. H.R. 3004, ‘‘Kate’s Law,’’ would increase the prison population of nonviolent offenders who pose no public safety risk, without evi-dence that its harsh provisions would have any impact on unlawful immigration, and without any other justification of its cost or impact on prison overcrowding. Those af-fected would include immigrants who have only committed minor misdemeanors such as driving without a license or other traffic- related offenses, and others who have never committed any crimes besides unauthorized entry. H.R. 3004 would also penalize persons fleeing persecution who voluntarily present themselves at the border to apply for asy-lum, and it would short circuit the current minimal due process protections that protect persons whose previous deportation was un-lawful. H.R. 3003, the ‘‘No Sanctuary for Criminals Act,’’ is intended to commandeer state and local law enforcement resources to perform federal deportation activities. It is one part of the ongoing effort to villainize immi-grants by unfairly—and against all available evidence—painting them all with a criminal brush for the misdeeds of a few. Rather than protecting the public, the provisions of H.R. 3003 would frustrate policies by states and lo-calities that increase public safety by en-couraging cooperation between law enforce-ment and the communities they serve. There is mounting evidence that localities with such policies experience lower crime because they build trust between the police and those they serve, thereby inspiring the community collaboration and assistance that is a key in-gredient to maintaining safe neighborhoods. It should be pointed out that the provi-sions of H.R. 3003 are sufficiently radical that even those who do not support sanc-tuary cities should vote no. The bill would deny important law enforcement funding to localities that are unwilling to honor any and all federal immigration detainer re-quests, including requests that courts have said are unconstitutional. It would empower private individuals to sue a locality if they or their family are victimized by a crime committed by an individual who was re-leased despite a federal detainer request. It would render local governments powerless to prioritize local needs over immigration en-forcement, even for local agencies funded by local taxes. And, if that weren’t enough, a separate provision would significantly in-crease the categories of individuals subject to mandatory detention and prolonged de-tention without bond, thereby filling local jails and private prisons with individuals who pose no danger to themselves and no flight risk. For the reasons listed above, both of these bills should be defeated. SEIU therefore asks you to vote no, and may add votes on any of them to our scorecard. If you have any ques-tions, please contact Josh Bernstein. Sincerely, R
OCIO SA´ENZ, Executive Vice President. 
ASIAN AMERICANS  A
DVANCING JUSTICE , June 28, 2017. F
IVECIVILRIGHTS ORGANIZATIONS OPPOSE  L
ATEST IMMIGRATION ACTIONS IN THE HOUSE  
HOUSE REPUBLICANS INTRODUCE TWO ANTI -IM-
MIGRANT BILLS DURING IMMIGRANT HERITAGE  
MONTH  W
ASHINGTON , DC.—Representative Bob Goodlatte (R–Va.) introduced a set of anti- immigrant bills that are scheduled for a vote later this week. These are the latest in a line of bills that outline a clear anti-immigrant strategy by House leadership and this admin-istration. H.R. 3003 seeks to authorize the Federal Government to withhold millions of dollars in federal funding for localities with limited detainer policies, sanctuary city policies, and community trust policies aimed at com-plying with the Constitution and making communities safer. H.R. 3004 would expand the Federal Government’s ability to pros-ecute people for illegal reentry into the U.S., excludes humanitarian exemptions for peo-ple fleeing violence, and heightens penalties in those cases. Asian Americans Advancing Justice, an af-filiation of five civil rights organizations, issues the following statement in response: ‘‘Asian Americans Advancing Justice strongly opposes H.R. 3003 (the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act), H.R. 3004 (known as Kate’s Law), and the passage of any immi-gration enforcement legislation that would increase indiscriminate enforcement, further the criminalization of immigrants, and in-still more fear in already terrified commu-nities. Approximately 40 percent of all immi-grants come to the U.S. from Asia, and 1.6 million of those immigrants are undocu-mented. Anti-immigrant policies create a climate of fear for all immigrants, regardless of status. We are horrified and dismayed that House leadership has chosen to line up behind the administration in its scapegoating of immi-grants. Both of these bills further the admin-istration’s goals of criminalizing all immi-grants and expanding mass incarceration. Since the administration failed in its at-tempt to strip funding from municipalities with sanctuary and community trust poli-cies in federal court, it is looking for Con-gress to fulfill its anti-immigrant agenda. There is abundant evidence that sanctuary and community trust policies make commu-nities safer. As Arizona and Texas have shown us, forcing local law enforcement to enforce immigration laws increases racial profiling and distrust of law enforcement by communities of color. Rapidly pushing these bills through the House as America looks toward a holiday that celebrates the best of our American ideals is clearly an effort to slide this legis-lation under the radar of anyone who would oppose it, including millions of Americans who support immigrants’ rights. Vilifying and punishing immigrants who may be fleeing violence or seeking a better life for their families does not makes us safer, just inhumane. We call on Congress to reject this latest anti-immigrant strategy. This vote will be a test for Members of Con-gress to show which side of justice they are on.’’ Asian Americans Advancing Justice is a national affiliation of five leading organiza-tions advocating for the civil and human rights of Asian Americans and other under-served communities to promote a fair and equitable society for all. The affiliation’s members are: Advancing Justice/AAJC (Washington, DC), Advancing Justice–Asian Law Caucus (San Francisco), Advancing Jus-tice–Los Angeles, Advancing Justice–At-lanta, and Advancing Justice–Chicago. FAIRIMMIGRATION  R
EFORM MOVEMENT , June 29, 2017. H
OUSE GOP C ONTINUES CRUEL CRUSADE  A
GAINST IMMIGRANTS  W
ASHINGTON .—Kica Matos, spokesperson for the Fair Immigration Reform Movement (FIRM), issued the statement below after the House voted on the No Sanctuary for Crimi-nals Act and Kate’s Law: ‘‘Republicans in the House are hell bent on criminalizing the hard working immigrants who contribute so much to our country. This week they voted on two heartless bills that do nothing more than continue to fuel Trump’s deportation machine. The No Sanctuary for Criminals Act pun-ishes ‘‘sanctuary cities,’’ local jurisdictions addressing immigration issues without fed-eral interference, and expands the govern-ment’s inhumane practice of indefinite de-tention of immigrants. The second bill, ‘‘Kate’s Law’’ is a thinly veiled attempt to give prosecutors more power to continue the vicious mass incarcer-ation of black and brown people by expand-ing on legal penalties for re-entry. The bill also limits the already limited protections for people reentering the country for human-itarian reasons. The attacks on brown and black people by Republicans are not going unnoticed. The people are on our side—they marched with us on May 1st, they showed up after Trump issued the first refugee ban and they called out elected officials at town halls. Our mes-sage to Congress is clear: the only solution to fix the broken immigration system is a pathway to citizenship. These two bills are the antithesis of our values and should be condemned by every-one. The Fair Immigration Reform Movement (FIRM) is the nation’s largest immigrant- rights coalition, with grassroots organiza-tions fighting for immigrant rights at the local, state and federal level. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ). Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and his committee for their diligent work on this extremely important and timely law. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3004, Kate’s Law. Our immigration sys-tem here in the United States is the most generous in the world. Good peo-ple from all over the globe who under-stand the American Dream seek to join us, and we are better for it. Alexander Hamilton, Levi Strauss, Albert Einstein, and so many others have called themselves Americans be-cause of it. But as we continue to draw on that spirit of understanding and ac-ceptance, we have to remember that a nation without borders is not a nation. We have a responsibility here in Con-gress to be proactive and protect our communities and our citizens from un-lawful and criminal immigrants, and that is what this legislation does. Kate’s Law, named in honor of 32- year-old Kate Steinle, who was shot and killed in the prime of her life by an unlawful immigrant who had accumu-lated seven felony convictions, been de-ported five different times—you have heard this many times said—aims to strengthen public safety by imposing hasher mandatory prison sentences for deported felons who return to the U.S. and increasing penalties for unlawful immigrants who have been convicted of nonimmigration-related crimes. Mr. Speaker, this legislation just makes sense, and I am confident that we can continue to welcome the tired, the poor, the huddled masses yearning to breathe free in our country without giving free rein to dangerous convicted criminals in any of our communities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:49 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.046 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5347 June 29, 2017 
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ). Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, for almost 100 percent of the people who would go to jail if this bill is enacted, they are not criminals and have no brush with the law. They were people who lived here for years, who had no chance of coming legally in the first place, and no way to get legal once they were here. Most have lived here for 10, 20, 30 years. They live in families with children, and their children are citizens of the United States just like you and me and our children. They have mortgages and car notes. The problems these moms and dads are trying to solve is if they get de-ported, how do I make sure my kids are safe in the country in which they were born, the United States? How do I keep a roof over their head and get them ready for school? How do I keep my business open or my career continuing in the U.S. where I have lived, in some cases, for decades? That is the problem they have, and guess what, they come back after they are deported. That person, to me, is not a felon, never committed a crime. That person is not a hardened criminal, never killed anyone. b1615 That is a parent fighting for their family. So in painting a picture of all immi-grants as resembling a career criminal, like the guy who killed Kate Steinle, Republicans are doing the old bait and switch. The people we are hitting with this bill come back to the lives they have built over decades by the only means we have made available, and now we are going to add a felony and 15 years to that. Let’s give moms and dads different alternatives. The people who would go to jail if this bill were enacted would rather have come with a visa. They would get in line for hours to get legal if there were a line to get in, but there isn’t, and most Americans believe we should create such a line for them. They would come back legally if they could, but they can’t. We should be looking at how to solve that problem. We should be looking at ways to eliminate illegal immigration, and stop hoping that our strategy of the last 30 years of deportation, more restriction, and more criminalization would somehow miraculously start working. It hasn’t. It won’t. It is time for us to enact comprehensive immigration re-form in the Congress and to fulfill our responsibility to the Nation. Look, the question today isn’t whether or not this bill is going to pass. It is going to pass. The Repub-licans are making it a primary pur-pose. The question really, for me, is: Are Democrats going to participate? Are Democrats going to participate in al-lowing this to pass? I have just got to say that I know it is difficult. Some people say: Well, I might not come back. It will be difficult. My constituents demand this. Well, let me just say that when I was elected in 1986 to the Chicago City Council, I was there but a month and they had the human rights bill for the gay and lesbian community. I remem-ber the banner headlines: ‘‘Cardinal Says ‘No.’’’ Here I was a Catholic all my life, an altar boy, had three of the seven Catholic rites: communion, baptism, and marriage. Ten years later, I got to the Congress and was confronted here with the Defense of Marriage Act. We passed it. There were only about 70 of us who voted against it. But guess what. Thirty years after I took that vote for gay rights in the Chicago City Council, the Supreme Court said that marriage equality was the law of the land and discriminating against them was against the Constitu-tion of the United States of America. That is the way you create social jus-tice, not by doing a poll and not by try-ing to figure out what the next election consequences are going to be. I say to my Democratic colleagues: Stand up for social justice today. It wasn’t easy as a Democrat to stand up for reproductive rights for women. I remember going to church and I re-member being chastised by the priest. I remember being booed by some of the congregants as I left that church. But I stood up for what I believe are women’s rights. My children were chased down the street during Halloween by pro- choice people who said I didn’t deserve to be trick-or-treating with my chil-dren, that I was a bad father and I was a murderer. We stood up, and women have rights in this country. That is the way we do that, Demo-crats. We stand up for what is right. We don’t take a poll, and we don’t think of the next election. We do what is right. The immigrant community is look-ing for champions today, and it is my hope that, as Democrats, we, too, will stand up. When hate visits you, you need to repudiate it. You need to repu-diate it because that hate might visit you in some personal way and it might cause you to hate yourself ultimately. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a statement in opposition to the bill from the Tahirih Justice Center. 
TAHIRIH JUSTICE CENTER , Falls Church, VA, June 27, 2017. S
TATEMENT OF THE TAHIRIH JUSTICE CENTER  
OPPOSING THE ‘‘NO SANCTUARY FOR CRIMINALS  
ACT’’ (H.R. 3003) AND ‘‘KATE ’S LAW ’’ (H.R. 3004) The Tahirih Justice Center (‘‘Tahirih’’) re-spectfully submits this statement to the United States House of Representatives as it considers ‘‘The No Sanctuary for Criminals Act’’ (H.R. 3003; ‘‘The Act’’) and ‘‘Kate’s Law’’ (H.R. 3004). The House Rules Com-mittee is set to review these bills today, fol-lowed by the full House in the near future. Tahirih is a national, nonpartisan organiza-tion that has assisted over 20,000 immigrant survivors of gender-based violence over the past 20 years. Our clients include women and girls who have endured horrific abuses such as rape and human trafficking and are in dire need of humanitarian relief. Tahirih urges members of Congress to op-pose H.R. 3003 and 3004: By further entan-gling federal and local immigration enforce-ment, H.R. 3003 will not only put survivors of human trafficking and domestic violence at greater risk of criminal harm, but will em-bolden violent criminals who pose a danger to us all. H.R. 3004 will unjustly punish asy-lum seekers who sought safe haven in the U.S., but were improperly denied access to the asylum process the first time around. H.R. 3003: The No Sanctuary for Criminals Act: The Act seeks to erase the distinction between federal and local immigration en-forcement. Such measures erode immigrant community trust of police, who rely on vic-tims and witnesses to help get dangerous criminals off the streets. When immigrants know they can call 911 without fear of depor-tation, it is perpetrators—not victims or their children—that are deterred and pun-ished. Abusers and traffickers deliberately manipulate and isolate victims to limit their access to information about their legal rights. Despite longstanding protections under the Violence Against Women Act, even victims who hold lawful immigration status succumb to intimidation, and remain afraid of deportation if they come forward. For some survivors, deportation means sen-tencing a US citizen child to the custody of a violent abuser. Following the recent pas-sage of a state law to increase local immi-gration enforcement, a client aptly noted, ‘‘This is exactly what [my abuser] has been waiting for.’’ We are all less safe when we make it easier for perpetrators to commit crimes. The Act will also increase prolonged deten-tion of survivors, resulting in further trau-matization, separation from young children, and limited access to legal assistance and due process. The Act also punishes localities that refuse to comply, by revoking critical funding for core programs that address gun violence, gang violence, and other criminal activity. When local agencies must ‘‘choose’’ between continuing these programs and com-promising community trust, it is the public that pays the steepest price. H.R. 3004: Kate’s Law: Tahirih and other advocates routinely assist clients whose ini-tial requests for asylum at the border are met with hostility, intimidation, and coer-cion. These individuals are unlawfully denied access to the asylum process by U.S. offi-cials. With their lives in grave danger, women and girls in this situation have no choice but to request safe haven in the U.S. a second or even third time. They are not asking to appeal denial of their claims; rath-er, they are merely seeking a threshold de-termination that they may apply for asylum or related protections. Our domestic laws and international humanitarian obligations require that they have this opportunity. H.R. 3004 will punish women fleeing horrific abuse who persist in their quest for asylum by lim-iting their ability to challenge initial, un-lawful removals, and by unnecessarily and unjustly subjecting them to criminal pros-ecution. We appreciate the opportunity to offer this statement in opposition to H.R. 3003 and 3004, and we urge Congress to unequivocally reject these harmful bills that undermine the safe-ty of survivors of gender-based violence. A
RCHI PYATI, Director of Policy and Programs. 
Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter from the Human Rights First: American Ideals. Universal Values. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.067 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5348 June 29, 2017 
HUMAN RIGHTS FIRST, June 28, 2017. Re H.R. 3004—115th Congress (2017–2018). Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : We write to urge you to oppose H.R. 3004 (‘‘Kate’s Law’’) and any similar legislation that would have se-verely negative consequences for asylum seekers and refugees fleeing persecution. H.R. 3004 seeks to expand the scope of im-migrants who may be prosecuted for unlaw-ful reentry and further expands penalties for those who are convicted. But the criminal prosecution of asylum seekers for offenses such as illegal entry, illegal reentry, and document fraud violates U.S. treaty obliga-tions and risks sending genuine refugees back to their countries of persecution. For one, many asylum seekers are forced to ‘‘reenter’’ the United States because they were wrongfully deported in the first place through the expedited removal system. The U.S. Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF), as well as Human Rights First and other groups, has long documented deficiencies and flaws in the implementation of the expedited removal process, a summary process which gives immigration officers the authority to order non-citizens deported without a hearing. In its 2005 report on expe-dited removal, USCIRF found that in a sig-nificant number of cases, border agents failed to follow U.S. law and refer asylum seekers to the ‘‘credible fear’’ process, even when USCIRF researchers were present dur-ing the secondary inspection process. Even when border agents make the proper referral for a credible fear screening, asylum seekers are often traumatized and exhausted by their experiences in their home countries, their flight to the United States, and their arrest by U.S. authorities. They are often interviewed by telephone by an officer they cannot see and are at the mercy of interpre-tation problems and other arbitrary factors that hinder communication. As a result, some may incorrectly be found to not have a credible fear, and may be deported as a re-sult. These asylum seekers must then ‘‘reen-ter’’ the United States after facing con-tinuing persecution in their home countries to seek protection yet again. Moreover, H.R. 3004 would redefine ‘‘re-entry’’ to encompass an even broader group of individuals, as it will define reentry as in-cluding cases of individuals who had been previously denied admission. Human Rights First release a report in May 2017, titled Crossing the Line, which documents cases of asylum seekers who have been turned back at U.S. ports of entry, despite stating to bor-der agents that they had a fear of persecu-tion or intended to seek asylum. While DHS officials have acknowledged that border agents should be following U.S. law and re-ferring asylum seekers to the asylum proc-ess, Human Rights First and other groups have found that this practice continues. H.R. 3004 seeks to penalize an overly broad group of individuals that would even include those who were wrongfully turned away from our ports of entry in violation of U.S. law. Secondly, prosecuting asylum seekers for their illegal entry or presence—even in the case of ‘‘reentry’’—is a violation of U.S. trea-ty obligations under the Convention and Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees. Article 31 of the Refugee Convention requires that states refrain from imposing ‘‘pen-alties’’ on refugees on account of their ille-gal entry or presence in the country where they are seeking asylum. For this reason, in 2015, the U.S. Department of Homeland Secu-rity Office of Inspector General found that prosecutions under ‘‘Operation Streamline’’ may place the United States in violation of its treaty obligations. If Congress passes H.R. 3004, more asylum seekers like Maria will be subjected to wrongful criminal prosecutions. ‘‘Maria,’’ a transgender woman from Hon-duras, who had been raped and subjected to other sexual violence, fled to the United States in 2014. U.S. immigration officials failed to respond to her requests for asylum and she was deported back to Honduras through expedited removal without ever see-ing an immigration judge or having her fear of persecution assessed by an asylum officer. Facing ongoing persecution in Honduras, she fled to the United States again in 2015, and was apprehended upon entry. U.S. border agents referred her for criminal prosecution and she was convicted of illegal reentry. After she was transferred back to immigra-tion custody, she was determined to be a ‘‘refugee’’ who qualified for withholding of removal. Yet, the United States had already penalized her for ‘‘illegal entry’’ despite being a refugee. Please contact Olga Byrne at Human Rights First if you have any questions re-garding this letter. Thank you for your time and consideration. Sincerely, E
LEANOR ACER, Senior Director, Refugee Protection. 
Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter opposing the bill from Cities for Action. 
CITIES FOR ACTION , June 28, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMEMBERS OF CONGRESS : Cities for Ac-tion (C4A) is a coalition of over 150 mayors and municipal leaders that advocates for policies to promote the well-being of our for-eign born residents. Our coalition, rep-resenting over 50 million residents, has a considerable interest in protecting all our residents and ensuring that immigrants are not unjustly criminalized. We are writing to you today to urge that you oppose Rep-resentative Goodlatte’s bill, H.R. 3004, Kate’s Law. Kate’s Law expands already tough pen-alties for illegal reentry and allows the gov-ernment to detain immigrants indefinitely without bond or a court hearing. It also mis-takenly implies that illegal reentry cases are under-enforced. Indeed, illegal reentry prosecutions already account for 52 percent of all federal prosecutions. H.R. 3004 would make the criminal sentences for reentry ex-tremely harsh. Additionally, it would impose severe sentencing enhancements on people with minor offenses who reenter the country. H.R. 3004 would also limit the ability to challenge the validity of any prior removal order that forms the basis for a prosecution for illegal reentry, subjecting people to pros-ecution even in cases where the prior order was issued without due process or was other-wise flawed. In addition, the bill does not provide adequate protections for people who reenter the United States for humanitarian reasons or those who seek protection at the border, putting asylum seekers and families at risk. Cities and counties are opposed to this bill because these measures do not improve pub-lic safety and it is based on a false premise that immigrants pose a threat to our com-munities. Local governments have a strong interest in protecting all residents and main-taining public safety. Therefore, we urge you to oppose Kate’s Law and stop its passage into law at every possible turn. Thank you for your time and consideration in this matter, CITIES FOR ACTION . 
Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter opposing the bill from the Committee on Migra-tion of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops and the Catholic Charities USA. 
JUNE26, 2017. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : We write on behalf of the Committee on Migration of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB/ COM), and Catholic Charities USA (CCUSA) to express our opposition to H.R. 3003 and H.R. 3004. The Catholic Church holds a strong inter-est in the welfare of migrants and how our nation welcomes and treats them. Our par-ishes include those with and without immi-gration status, unfortunately some who have witnessed or been victims of crime in the United States, including domestic violence, armed robbery, and assault. We understand the importance of fostering cooperation and information-sharing between immigrant communities and local law enforcement. We oppose H.R. 3003 because it would im-pose obligations on local governments that we fear—and that many of them have warned—would undermine authority and dis-cretion of local law enforcement. This, in turn, would hamper the ability of local law enforcement officials to apprehend criminals and ensure public safety in all communities. Furthermore, Section 2 of H.R. 3003 would deny to jurisdictions vital federal funding re-lated to law enforcement, terrorism, na-tional security, immigration, and natu-ralization if those jurisdictions are deemed to be non-compliant with H.R. 3003. The Catholic service network, including Catholic Charities, works in partnership with the fed-eral government on a number of Department of Justice and Department of Homeland Se-curity initiatives, including disaster re-sponse and recovery, naturalization and citi-zenship services, and services for the immi-grant, including victims of human traf-ficking, and domestic violence. These serv-ices are incredibly valuable to the protection and promotion of the human person and in some instances life-saving. Cutting grants related to these important national objec-tives, or threat of such cuts, is not humane or just, nor is it in our national interest. Also, we oppose H.R. 3004 as it would lead to an expansion of incarceration and does not include adequate protections for people who re-enter the U.S. for humanitarian rea-sons or seek protection at the border. While H.R. 3004 makes notable efforts to protect us from those convicted of violent criminal of-fenses, the legislation goes far beyond this goal by expanding the government’s ability to prosecute illegal re-entry cases and heightening the criminal penalties in these cases. In an era of fiscal austerity, it is vital that important judicial resources are effi-ciently utilized to prosecute and convict the most violent offenders of violent crimes. Ex-panding who is eligible to be prosecuted for entry or re-entry as well as enhancing sen-tencing requirements does not advance the common good nor will it ensure that commu-nities are safer. Furthermore, we are con-cerned that, as introduced, H.R. 3004 would also prevent vulnerable asylum seekers and unaccompanied children, (who have pre-sented themselves repeatedly at the U.S. border in the flight from violence), from being able to access protection, and instead face fines, imprisonment or both. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.055 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5349 June 29, 2017 
We respectfully urge you to reject these bills in favor of a more comprehensive and humane approach to immigration reform; an approach that upholds human dignity and family unity and places a greater emphasis on balancing the needs and rights of immi-grants with our nation’s best interests and security. The United States has a long and proud history of leadership in welcoming new-comers regardless of their circumstances and promoting the common good. We stand ready to work with you on legislation that more closely adheres to this tradition and appre-ciate your serious consideration of our views in this regard. Sincerely, M
OSTREV. JOEVA´SQUEZ , Bishop of Austin, Chairman, USCCB Committee on Migra-tion. S
R. DONNA MARKHAM , OP, P
HD, President & CEO, Catholic Charities USA. 
Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter opposing the bill from Friends Committee on National Legislation: A Quaker Lobby in the Public Interest. 
FRIENDS COMMITTEE ON  N
ATIONAL LEGISLATION , June 27, 2017. F
RIENDS COMMITTEE ON NATIONAL LEGISLA -
TION STATEMENT IN OPPOSITION TO THE NO S
ANCTUARY FOR CRIMINALS ACT(H.R. 3003) 
ANDKATE’SLAW(H.R. 3004) The Friends Committee on National Legis-lation (FCNL) is a Quaker lobby in the pub-lic interest committed to pursuing policies that build just societies, peaceful commu-nities, and equitable relationships among all people. FCNL looks to Congress to legislate on immigration in a manner that honors the value of immigrants and American citizens alike and urges congressional representa-tives to reject any legislation which would undermine immigrant families and commu-nities. Congress is tasked with creating last-ing solutions for our nation. FCNL therefore urges members of Congress to oppose H.R. 3003 and H.R. 3004 which together further criminalize immigrants, expand detention, undermine community well-being, and offer no legislative remedy for a punitive and out-dated immigration system. H.R. 3003 is an extreme interior enforce-ment proposal that would affect over 600 cit-ies, counties, and states and raises serious fourth and tenth amendment concerns. Ef-fective policing depends on building authen-tic trust between police officers and the communities they serve; blurring the lines between federal immigration enforcement and local police results in fewer reported crimes and makes communities with large immigrant populations more vulnerable. Perpetrators of crime, assault, and abuse know that these communities are less likely to report the crime if they legitimately fear it will result in the deportation or detention of an immigrant neighbor, a loved one, or themselves. Law enforcement officials and advocates for survivors of domestic violence agree that the proposals included in this bill would be damaging for the communities they serve. FCNL heeds this call to ensure safety for the most vulnerable among us, and urges members of Congress to oppose H.R. 3003. H.R. 3004 would expand grounds for indefi-nite detention and decrease legal opportuni-ties for certain migrants challenging their removal. Our call as Quakers to welcome the stranger does not rest on the legal status of any individual. Criminalizing entire immi-grant communities based on the senseless ac-tions of a few individuals tears at the moral fabric of our society and will not make our communities safer. H.R. 3004 could prevent migrants from adequately accessing asylum and would increase family hardship through separation by offering no meaningful oppor-tunity for family members to pursue a legal route when seeking reunification across bor-ders. These provisions will only fuel the brokenness of our system, which is already heavy-handed on indefinite detention and dangerous deportations at great expense to U.S. taxpayers and our collective moral con-science. Thousands of faith leaders have urged members of Congress to reject similar proposals in the past and live up to our call to minister to all those in need, especially those who have been marginalized. In keep-ing, FCNL urges members of Congress to op-pose H.R. 3004. FCNL looks instead for legislation that proceeds from a recognition of the inherent worth of all individuals, as acknowledged in our Quaker faith, as well as in our shared Constitution, laws, and American values. We call on Congress to reform the U.S. immigra-tion system so that it is in line with the Quaker principle to answer to that of God in everyone and ensures we live up to our leg-acy as a country that thrives because we are a nation of diverse peoples and immigrants. Congress has the opportunity to enact prac-tical solutions for comprehensive reform that includes clear and workable processes for legal entry and eventual citizenship. FCNL is eager to partner on such efforts, and seek the fundamental policy changes we need to help U.S. communities truly prosper. 
Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I in-clude in the R
ECORD a letter opposing the bill from the NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice. 
JUNE27, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE CONYERS : NET- WORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice stands in strong opposition to the ‘‘No Sanc-tuary for Criminals Act’’ (H.R. 3003) and ‘‘Kate’s Law’’ (H.R. 3004) to be considered this week by the House of Representatives. We urge Congress to reject these bills. In a county that prides itself on being the land of welcome and opportunity, we must ensure that our immigration laws reflect our shared values. As Congress continues to delay comprehen-sive immigration reform and a permanent solution for the nation’s 11 million undocu-mented immigrants, we are left with the sta-tus quo—an enforcement-only approach that tears apart families and keeps people in the shadows. Despite the gridlock in Congress, localities across the country still have the responsibility to uphold safety and peace in their communities. To fulfill this goal, local police and residents have fostered mutual trust to root out crime and promote public safety, encouraging community members to cooperate with local authorities. The ‘‘No Sanctuary for Criminals Act’’ (H.R. 3003) does nothing to promote public safety and instead will make communities more dan-gerous while striking fear in the hearts of our immigrant families. Likewise, ‘‘Kate’s Law’’ (H.R. 3004) would criminalize immigrants who simply want an opportunity to succeed in the United States, and often are simply trying to be reunited with their family. Punishing immigrants for wanting to provide for their families with fines and imprisonment is harsh and cruel— we, as a nation, are called to be better than that. Again, we ask Congress to abandon the ‘‘enforcement first’’ policies that have been the de facto U.S. strategy for nearly thirty years, yielding too many costs and too few results. Our antiquated system that does not accommodate the migration realities we face in our nation today does not serve our na-tional interests and does not respect the basic human rights of migrants who come to this nation fleeing persecution or in search of employment for themselves and better liv-ing conditions for their children. Pope Francis cautions that ‘‘migrants and refugees are not pawns on the chessboard of humanity’’ and he asks political leaders to create a new system, one that ‘‘calls for international cooperation and a spirit of pro-found solidarity and compassion.’’ This is a holy call to embrace hope over fear. Congress should recognize the God-given humanity of all individuals and uphold our sacred call to love our neighbor and welcome the stranger in our midst. Any action that further milita-rizes our borders, criminalizes assistance to immigrant communities, or weakens legal protection of refugees is neither just nor compatible with the values that we, as Americans, strive to uphold. Sincerely, SR. SIMONE CAMPBELL , SSS, Executive Director, NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, the previous administration’s biggest homeland security failures were the lack of prosecution and enforcement for crimes committed by illegal immi-grants. For far too long, the Obama ad-ministration failed to adequately pun-ish illegal immigrants who committed felonies in the United States. A simple deportation is not enough. The United States must prosecute and sentence all individuals who commit crimes and hurt Americans. When we enforce the law, we create a deterrent mechanism for future bad be-havior. Failure to enforce the law is a failure to the American people. That is why I support Kate’s Law. I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for his strong work and leadership on this issue for the safety and security of the American people. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. W
ALKER ). Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman G
OODLATTE for yielding. I ap-preciate his boldness in protecting the citizens of America with great legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, when the father of Kate Steinle, Jim, testified before Congress, he said: ‘‘Everywhere Kate went throughout the world, she shined the light of a good citizen from the United States of America. Unfortunately, due to unjointed laws and basic incom-petence of the government, the United States has suffered a self-inflicted wound in the murder of our daughter by the hand of a person that should have never been on the streets in this country.’’ Well, today we can resolve that. Two years ago this weekend, Kate’s life was ended when she was gunned down by a five-time deported criminal illegal alien with seven prior felony convictions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:49 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.064 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5350 June 29, 2017 
Kate’s Law would stiffen penalties, helping to stop these preventable trag-edies. Additionally, today the House will pass the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act as well. You just heard: Will Democrats par-ticipate? Well, 80 percent of Americans support ending sanctuary cities, and no citizen should be in danger because politicians think they are above the law. So will Democrats participate? Will they listen to their constituents? Eighty percent of Americans feel pretty good about this law. Both pieces of legislation serve the basic functions of our government by keeping the people of our States and country safe from those who wish to do us harm. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. Y
ODER ). Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule of law, of strengthening the enforcement of our immigration system, and of improving the security of our Nation’s borders. The safety and security of our con-stituents should be our absolute top priority for this Congress. Sanctuary cities are a direct threat to our safety. That is why I led an ef-fort to defund sanctuary cities through the appropriations process, and those sanctuary cities and their threat to our safety is why we are here today. What happened to Kate Steinle was a tragedy. No parent should have to go through the anguish of losing their child, especially when it could have been avoided. Unfortunately, the deadly toll of sanctuary cities is not limited to Kate. Last year, in my own community back in Kansas, Master Deputy Brandon Col-lins, a Johnson County sheriff’s deputy with nearly 21 years of service, was struck and killed by a drunk driver while he was performing a routine traf-fic stop. Deputy Collins was a devoted and caring husband, father, son, broth-er, uncle, and friend whose life was tragically cut short. The drunk driver, who fled from the scene of the crash, was an undocu-mented or an illegal immigrant who had prior convictions for DUI in Cali-fornia in 2001, and was also arrested for driving without a license in 2013. He should have never been behind the wheel of that car when he killed Dep-uty Collins. Despite his prior offenses, the man was able to remain in the country. He was able to be here to commit this crime because of the failure to enforce the law, and it ultimately led to Dep-uty Collins’ death. No nation of laws should tolerate this. For these reasons—for Deputy Col-lins and the many other victims and their loved ones dealing with an un-speakable loss—for them, I support this bill, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in its pas-sage. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, how much time remains? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ). The gentleman from Michi-gan has 7
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. L
OFGREN ), and I ask unanimous consent that she may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ). Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, this is a really tough bill because this is a really difficult subject. We mourn the loss of Kate Steinle, and we have an obligation to take action to keep our streets safe. But this bill doesn’t do that. Our goal has to be to remove dan-gerous criminals from our streets so that they don’t harm people. That has got to be our focus. That is why I am so frustrated that we are taking out of a comprehensive immigration reform bill—which could have done just that—a provision that would have addressed this issue in a more rational way; in a way that doesn’t go after people seeking asylum; in a way that doesn’t say, ‘‘If you have been convicted of three nonviolent mis-demeanors, you go to jail for 10 years;’’ and in a way that doesn’t punish people who are victims of human trafficking who—if they spent time in our prisons as a result of what they were forced to do, go back to their country, come back seeking asylum—could be forced to go to jail. These victims could be forced to go to jail for 20 years. None of that is going to keep our communities safer. We ought to work together. I urge my Republican colleagues to work with us to move forward with comprehen-sive immigration reform that will in-clude provisions—like what is in this bill—that are still humane, provisions that will help keep American citizens safe, but that don’t demonize immi-grants. It is possible to do both. My friends on the other side of the aisle know that it is possible to do both, and we ought to work together to get that done. That is the best way to keep our com-munities safe and to respect our values as Americans. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I have only one speaker remaining, and I am prepared to close. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining on each side? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from California has 6 min-utes remaining. The gentleman from Virginia has 9 minutes remaining. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, one of the things I think is worth addressing is the provi-sion of this bill that changes current law relative to unlawful entry or at-tempted unlawful entry. Under 8 U.S.C. 1326, this is a crime if the individual evaded detection. This has been the principle in Federal law for more than 100 years. Since 1908, the Federal courts have recognized that il-legal entry and illegal reentry require entry free from something called offi-cial restraint, otherwise known as de-tention. Now, this bill would change that longstanding law. The bill amends U.S.C. 1326 to make the physical act of crossing the border a crime for any in-dividual who has been previously re-moved or denied admission regardless of whether the individual was ‘‘free from official restraint’’ when doing so. Now, why is this a problem? As I mentioned earlier, individuals who, for one reason or another, need to come into the United States go to a port of entry, and they ask to see the Border Patrol agent. Under this law, that is a crime. Now, let me give you some examples of what that would mean. I will just talk about the case of Juliza, who was a Guatemalan-Indian woman. She faced violent persecution really based on her ethnicity. She was raped by family members who referred to her as a dirty Indian as they assaulted her. As she went to report this assault to the po-lice, she was sexually propositioned by the officers. After a family member threatened her with sexual violence and death, she fled to the United States. She sought asylum, but she was promptly de-ported—turned away—by the Customs and Border Patrol. Within a month of returning to Guatemala, she was drugged, raped, and thrown into a river. She fled to the United States for a second time and, once again, was turned away without seeing an immi-gration judge or speaking to an asylum officer. Finally, the third time she came, her 8-year-old son had been threatened by gang members, and she was finally al-lowed to make her case and was grant-ed asylum. b1630 Or the case of Carla. In June of 2016, Carla, who was from Mexico, and her children sought asylum after her fa-ther, son, grandfather, and uncle were killed in a span of 7 days, targeting her family. She went to the border to turn herself in. She was turned away by CBP agents twice. After the family sought assistance from an attorney, they went back to the border, to the port of entry, and the CBP officers finally processed them appropriately under American immi-gration law. This was their third at-tempt. The U.S. immigration judge in Texas ruled that they were indeed refu-gees and granted asylum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.074 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5351 June 29, 2017 
Now, I raise these two cases because you think deported, if you are turned away at the border, it counts for re-moval under the law. These individuals would be felons under this bill. Making Juliza and her 8-year-old son or Carla a felon does not save an Amer-ican from crime; it just doesn’t. The two are not connected. And so to think that this bill, which does such harm to asylum seekers, is necessary to save Americans from threats is simply in-correct. It is important to stand up for our long-term values in international law. There are other ways that one could become a criminal by showing up at the border. It is not uncommon that young people who have a valid visa issued by a U.S. consulate or Embassy come. They fly into the country and they are interviewed by a Customs and Border Patrol agent. Now, if that person on the visitor visa is a 20-year-old young man who is unmarried, doesn’t have a job in the country he is from, doesn’t own a home, and is from kind of a poor coun-try, it is not all that uncommon for the Border Patrol agency to make a deci-sion that that person is not a good risk for entry, that they might overstay their visa and not return home. I am not questioning that exercise of judgment, but if that same individual, 20 years later, is now a doctor and he has got a J visa to come in and be a doctor in the middle of America where there is a doctor shortage, he lands at Kennedy Airport with his visa to be a doctor, that would be a felony. So the point I am making is there is much in this bill that does nothing about crime but to make criminals of people who have done nothing wrong. That is one of the reasons why we should vote against this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of the time. Mr. Speaker, we are a nation of im-migrants. There is not a person who has participated in this debate today who cannot go back a few years, a few generations or several generations and find someone in their family who came here to the United States, but we are also a nation of laws. The loss of re-spect for the rule of law is absolutely a serious problem in this country, and the step-by-step approach to restoring respect for the rule of law and reform-ing our immigration laws starts with these bills, the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act and Kate’s Law. We are all about today, in this legis-lation, enhancing public safety, secur-ing our borders, and restoring the rule of law. We give discretion to Federal judges—discretion to Federal judges, I would add—to make sure that people who have entered this country pre-viously illegally and who reenter the country can be given enhanced sen-tences. It is not mandatory by any means, and, in fact, in many instances, it would be better to send the person outside the country and not have the taxpayers bear the expense. But in the case of the individual who murdered Kate Steinle and had reen-tered the country five times and had committed other crimes while in the United States, having that additional time that the judge could impose on that individual who was just being re-leased for having been convicted of ille-gally entering the country, Bureau of Prisons should have turned him over to ICE to send him out again. But if the ICE agents wanted to, when he entered illegally the previous time, recommend that he be given more time than the sentence he just served, he would have still been in prison when Kate Steinle walked down that pier with her father and was murdered by him. So when those on the other side say this was not preventable by this law, they are entirely wrong. This law would have prevented that if a judge had chosen to impose that additional time that we are today providing in these cases. We also clear up some uncertainty regarding this current law, and I think it is entirely appropriate to do so. It will deal with some of the situations that those on the other side have dis-cussed, but most importantly, it will discourage people from entering the United States illegally, particularly when they have already entered ille-gally earlier and have been convicted of a crime for doing so. So, to me, this is absolutely the be-ginning point of restoring to law en-forcement at every level in our country the necessary tools to enforce our im-migration laws, to work together to keep American citizens safe, like Kate Steinle and many, many others. Yesterday, I had the opportunity to meet with about a dozen representa-tives of families who lost loved ones to the criminal acts of people who were not lawfully present in the United States. And so it is also entirely true to say that, had those individuals not been present in the United States, those crimes would not have been com-mitted, those, in most instances, mur-ders, in all instances, killings, would not have taken place. Therefore, when you enforce our im-migration laws, unlike laws applying to American citizens who also commit crimes, in the case of people who are not lawfully present in the United States, these crimes are entirely pre-ventable if we enforce our immigration laws. Therefore, I would urge my col-leagues to support Kate’s Law and the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act to make sure that we go down this road of restoring the trust of the American people in their system of government, in their protection by their govern-ment, and in their own respect for the rule of law and know that their govern-ment is upholding that with regard to other individuals as well. This is a good bill, and I urge my col-leagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following additional letter of opposition to H.R. 3004. This is a letter I men-tioned earlier on the bill. 
NATIONAL IMMIGRANT JUSTICE  C
ENTER , June 27, 2017. H.R. 3003 
AND3004 U NDERMINE AMERICAN VAL-
UESNIJC O PPOSES THE ‘‘NOSANCTUARY FOR  C
RIMINALS ACT’’ AND‘‘KATE’SLAW’’ This week the House of Representatives will vote on two bills that attempt to re- write our nation’s immigration laws to re-flect a dangerous philosophy of governance. For decades now, elected officials across the bipartisan divide have joined together call-ing for a compassionate and common sense approach to immigration legislation. These bills move us further away from that goal. H.R. 3003, ironically named the ‘‘No Sanc-tuary for Criminals Act,’’ will endanger the safety of our communities by forcing local police to abandon community policing ef-forts and become a full partner with the ad-ministration’s massive deportation force. H.R. 3004, known as ‘‘Kate’s Law,’’ will result in the unnecessary incarceration of count-less immigrants for the mere act of migra-tion. The National Immigrant Justice Center calls on elected officials to reject such non-sensical and harmful legislation. In the face of hateful rhetoric, now is the time to stand with immigrant communities. 
H.R. 3003, THE‘‘NO SANCTUARY FOR CRIMINALS  
ACT’’, WILL FURTHER ERODE COMMUNITY  
TRUST IN LOCAL POLICE AND PUT OUR COMMU -
NITIES IN DANGER  H.R. 3003 amends 8 U.S.C. §1373 to prohibit states and localities from enacting policies that in any way limit cooperation with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), even when federal courts have ruled such cooperation unconstitutional. The law would strip localities of vital dis-cretion to enact immigration-enforcement- related laws and policies that are smart and effective for their communities. Specifically, it prohibits localities from declining to com-ply with requests from ICE to jail individ-uals under detainer requests even when doing so will put them in blatant violation of binding federal court orders. Our commu-nities are safer when residents feel safe call-ing for help and assisting police in inves-tigating and prosecuting cries. By effectively forcing localities into the business of federal immigration law, this law will preclude cit-ies and counties from using their limited local resources to address public safety con-cerns in the ways they deem most appro-priate and effective. On top of the danger the bill poses to com-munity safety, this law arguably violates the ‘‘anti-commandeering’’ principle of the Tenth Amendment of the United States Con-stitution. H.R. 3003 punishes jurisdictions for engag-ing in smart community policing. The law would punish jurisdictions that choose to limit cooperation with federal im-migration enforcement by stripping federal funding that fulfills vital law enforcement needs, including the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program (SCAAP), the ‘‘Cops on the Beat Program,’’ the Byrne Justice As-sistance Grant Program, and any other grant administered by the Departments of Justice or Homeland Security that are deemed ‘‘sub-stantially related to law enforcement, ter-rorism, national security, immigration, or naturalization.’’ In addition to running fur-ther afoul of the Tenth Amendment, this law cruelly forces jurisdictions to choose be-tween maintaining critical funds, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.076 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5352 June 29, 2017 
for community policing, or exposing them-selves to the significant legal and financial liability that accompany compliance with detainer requests under the Fourth Amend-ment and the Fourteenth Amendment. H.R. 3003 upends the criminal justice sys-tem by permitting and in some cases requir-ing ICE to ignore criminal warrants issued by state and local jurisdictions that it deems in non-compliance with other provisions of the bill. H.R. 3003 vastly expands ICE’s authority to force localities to detain immigrants with no regard for the Fourth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution and gives local actors im-munity for resulting constitutional viola-tions. The law makes a mockery of the Fourth Amendment by giving lip service to the no-tion of ‘‘probable cause’’ but in reality allow-ing ICE to ask localities to detain immi-grants longer than they would otherwise be held simply on the basis of a belief that the individual is removable from the United States. The law then goes on to provide local actors immunity for resulting constitutional violations. In practice, this piece of the law essentially requires local actors to violate the constitution and then gives them immu-nity for doing so. It is legislative overreach at its worst. H.R. 3003 demonizes immigrants by cre-ating a new private right of action for vic-tims of crime solely on the basis of the citi-zenship status of the perpetrator of the crime. The law provides that an individual or sur-viving relative can bring a lawsuit against a state or locality if the perpetrator of the of-fense is a non-citizen and was released from custody pursuant to a trust policy. This pro-vision allows the worst kind of scapegoating, manipulating individual tragedies to demon-ize all immigrants. H.R. 3003 expands the already damaging ‘‘mandatory detention’’ provisions of immi-gration law, requiring no-bond detention for large categories of undocumented individ-uals for the duration of deportation pro-ceedings against them. The law thumbs its nose at the basic due process protections of our United States Constitution, explicitly approving of indefi-nite detention for individuals in immigra-tion custody regardless of their community ties to the United States or necessity for de-tention. Specifically, the law expands great-ly the categories of immigrants who are de-nied access to any individualized bond deter-mination throughout their time in immigra-tion jail. With deaths in immigration deten-tion occurring with alarming frequency and rates of representation in detention alarm-ingly low, these provisions are nothing but cruel. 
H.R. 3004, ‘‘KATE ’S LAW ,’’ WILL FURTHER THE  
MASS INCARCERATION OF IMMIGRANTS —IN-
CLUDING ASYLUM SEEKERS —BY INCREASING  
PENALTIES FOR THE MERE ACT OF MIGRATION  H.R. 3004 expands the existing criminal of-fense of illegal reentry to punish legitimate asylum seekers fleeing violence in their countries of origin. The law expands the category of individ-uals punishable by section 276 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act to include even those men and women who surrender them-selves at the southern border to seek protec-tion in the United States. H.R. 3004 senselessly expands sentencing enhancements for illegal reentry at a time when more than half of all federal prosecu-tions target migration-related offenses. The law provides incredibly harsh sen-tencing enhancements for individuals seek-ing to return to the United States after a previous removal on the basis of prior con-victions or entries. Apart from the cruel and unnecessary use of federal prison to separate families, this bill will prove exorbitant in its costs at a time when taxpayers have already footed a bill of more than $7 billion to incar-cerate migrants for migration-related of-fenses over the past decade. H.R. 3004 punishes immigrants for illegal reentry even if their previous deportation or-ders were unlawful and deprived them of the opportunity to seek protection. This law en-tirely prohibits defendants in illegal reentry cases from challenging the validity of their prior deportation orders. This provision is blatantly unconstitutional and in violation of Supreme Court jurisprudence that pro-tects against punishing immigrants on the basis of legally defective deportation orders. See U.S. v. Mendoza-Lopez, 481 U.S. 828 (1987). This law will criminalize, for example, asylum seekers who return to the United States after being previously denied the op-portunity to present their claims for protec-tion. Given the already anemic protections for asylum seekers at our southern border, these provisions will inevitably harm the most vulnerable among us. A vote for H.R. 3003 and H.R. 3004 is a vote for hatred and a vote against community safety. NIJC calls on Members of Congress to stand on the right of history and oppose these harmful measures. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 415, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. LOFGREN. I am. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Lofgren moves to recommit the bill H.R. 3004 to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Add, at the end of the bill, the following: 
SEC. 3. PROTECTING VICTIMS OF TRAFFICKING. 
Section 276 of such Act is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) P
ROTECTING VICTIMS OF TRAFFICKING .— It shall not be a violation of this section for a victim of sex trafficking to voluntarily present herself or himself at a port of entry to request protection.’’. 
Mr. GOODLATTE (during the read-ing). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, my col-leagues across the aisle insist that to-day’s bill is intended to keep Ameri-cans safe by enhancing penalties for criminals who reenter illegally or at-tempt to do so. I am offering an amend-ment that takes Republicans at their word. This amendment would make clear that H.R. 3004 would not be used to criminally prosecute and incarcerate sex trafficking victims merely for seeking protection at ports of entry. As should be evident at this stage of debate, the provisions of this bill ex-tend well beyond immigrants with criminal histories; in fact, they reach many of the most vulnerable and per-secuted members of society. Perhaps most egregiously, H.R. 3004 authorizes, for the first time, the prosecution of individuals who voluntarily present themselves at points of entry to seek relief consistent with our immigration laws, and that includes individuals seeking protection as victims of sex trafficking. Let’s be clear on the law. Today, it is not a crime for an individual who has been previously denied admission or re-moved to voluntarily present herself at a port of entry seeking to reenter the country legally. This bill changes that by making the simple act of going to the port of entry, which itself requires the physical act of crossing the border, a felony offense for such individuals. These are not individuals attempting to evade immigration agents. They are not trying to sneak into the United States. They are simply exercising the right to lawfully approach a U.S. port of entry to seek permission to enter. Under this bill, the act of approach-ing CBP agents now becomes crimi-nally prosecutable as an illegal re-entry. Anyone with a prior removal order or even merely denied admission commits a crime by so much as step-ping into the port of entry. I mentioned the two asylee seekers a few moments ago. These are people who are fleeing danger and under our laws have the right to present their cases. Now, H.R. 3004 would do this to the women I mentioned: It would make them criminals, and it would allow for the prosecution and imprisonment for up to 2 years. Now, even if our immigration system awarded these victims protection, such as a T visa for human trafficking, the criminal justice system could take away her liberty. I strongly hope that my colleagues across the aisle would not seek to pun-ish women who are fleeing from sex traffickers, because there are thou-sands of women who are innocent, abused, sexually trafficked by the worst of civilization, and instead of of-fering help to these women, this bill would put them in prison. It would prosecute them for asking, of all things, that their life be saved. I mentioned earlier, we put in the R
ECORD , the opposition of the Tahirih Justice Center to this bill. They advo-cate for victims of trafficking and gen-der-based violence, and they oppose this bill with all their strength. Here is what they say, and it is a quote: ‘‘H.R. 3004 will punish women fleeing horrific abuse. . . . ‘’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.066 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5353 June 29, 2017 
Now, I disagree with some of the ele-ments of this bill, and I have tried to make clear why, but I take Mr. G
OOD-
LATTE at his word that he wants to make sure that we have a safe society. I think, if that is his hope, we will make clear that sex trafficking victims are not going to be prosecuted or con-sidered criminals when they enter a port of entry and present themselves to U.S. officials. This amendment is the chance for Republicans to show that they really are for the rule of law. It would stipu-late that this bill would not subject sex trafficking victims to criminal pros-ecution merely for voluntarily pre-senting themselves at the border to re-quest protection from the unspeakable harm that they have suffered. I will close with this. Years ago, we worked together on a bipartisan basis to fight sex trafficking. We created the U and T visas. It was a broad bipartisan coalition. I remember now Governor Sam Brownback and others, people who are at other ends, opposite ends of the ideological spectrum, but we came to-gether to fight sex trafficking. We should do the same thing today. Let’s not forget that we can work together to do the right thing. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recom-mit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, this motion to recommit not only changes the bill before us, but it also changes current law. It has long been Federal law that an alien who has been de-ported and who returns to the U.S. is subject to possible criminal prosecu-tion. b1645 Under this bill, an alien who has re-ceived consent from the Department of Homeland Security to return or is not required to seek consent from DHS has an affirmative defense. Obviously, such an alien will never be prosecuted. Never has, never will. In fact, because this is current law—and the gentlewoman was the chairman of the Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee for 4 years and never of-fered such an amendment to current law—I see no reason to address it in this legislation. I will say that we have all been com-mitted in a very bipartisan fashion to combating sex trafficking. We passed several bills through this House, some with the gentlewoman’s support, some without, that do indeed combat sex trafficking. But back to the issue before us today. Criminal aliens are reentering the United States after being removed all the time. Without stronger enforce-ment measures in place, this govern-ment cannot provide an appropriate de-terrence for these reentries. Kate’s Law takes a tough approach to dealing with criminal aliens who re-enter the United States. Instead of the majority being subjected to no more than a 2-year maximum sentence, this bill takes an individual’s criminal his-tory into consideration and provides enhanced penalties accordingly. While the 2-year sentence may not deter ille-gal reentry, a potential 25-year sen-tence certainly would. Nothing can bring Kate Steinle back and nothing can absolutely prevent such crimes from occurring in the fu-ture. This legislation is meant to honor her memory and clearly demonstrate that this Congress will act. This legislation is another step in bringing stronger enforcement meas-ures to improve our immigration en-forcement capabilities. Longer sen-tences for those criminal aliens who re-enter the United States illegally is an important aspect of that mechanism. I urge my colleagues to vote down this motion to recommit, vote for the underlying bill, and to truly deter criminal aliens from reentering the United States. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Secretary of the Senate be di-rected to request the House to return to the Senate the bill (S. 722) ‘‘An Act to provide congressional review and to counter Iranian and Russian govern-ments’ aggression.’’. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: The motion to recommit on H.R. 3003; Passage of H.R. 3003, if ordered; The motion to recommit on H.R. 3004; and Passage of H.R. 3004, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. NO SANCTUARY FOR CRIMINALS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 3003) to amend the Immigration and Nation-ality Act to modify provisions relating to assistance by States, and political subdivision of States, in the enforce-ment of Federal immigration laws, and for other purposes, offered by the gen-tlewoman from Florida (Mrs. DEMINGS ), on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 181, nays 230, not voting 22, as follows: 
[Roll No. 341] YEAS—181 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.078 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5354 June 29, 2017 
Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—22 
Beatty Beyer Bishop (UT) Carson (IN) Chaffetz Cummings Frankel (FL) Gosar Huffman Huizenga Katko Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Long Meeks Napolitano Nunes Rush Scalise Smith (WA) Stivers Walker 
b1707 Mrs. HARTZLER, Ms. STEFANIK, Messrs. DUFFY, HUNTER, and LAM-BORN changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. VELA, DOGGETT, HOYER, SWALWELL of California, SHERMAN, and COHEN changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall vote 341, I was not present because I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 228, nays 195, not voting 10, as follows: [Roll No. 342] YEAS—228 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—195 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—10 
Chaffetz Cummings Gosar Long Meadows Napolitano Nunes Scalise Smith (NJ) Stivers 
b1714 Mr. REICHERT changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, on June 29, 2017, I was not present for the vote on H.R. 3003. Had I been present, I would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.068 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5355 June 29, 2017 
have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 342 (Final Passage of H.R. 3003). Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 342. 
f 
KATE’S LAW The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to recommit on the bill (H.R. 3004) to amend section 276 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act relating to re-entry of removed aliens, offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L
OF-
GREN ), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the mo-tion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 193, nays 232, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 343] YEAS—193 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NAYS—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—8 
Chaffetz Cummings Gosar Long Napolitano Nunes Scalise Stivers 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1720 So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 257, noes 167, not voting 9, as follows: 
[Roll No. 344] AYES—257 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:27 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.060 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5356 June 29, 2017 
Speier Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—167 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Costa Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—9 
Chaffetz Cummings Gosar Long McEachin Napolitano Nunes Scalise Stivers 
b1726 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-sent during rollcall votes No. 341, No. 342, No. 343 and No. 344 due to my spouse’s health situation in California. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 3003. I would have also voted ‘‘nay’’ on the Final Pas-sage of H.R. 3003—No Sanctuary for Crimi-nals Act. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on the Democratic Motion to Recommit H.R. 3004. I would have also voted ‘‘nay’’ on H.R. 3004— Kate’s Law. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, on the legislative day of Thursday, June 29, 2017, I was unable to cast a vote on a number of rollcall votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: Rollcall 341—‘‘Nay.’’ Rollcall 342—‘‘Yea.’’ Rollcall 343—‘‘Nay.’’ Rollcall 344—‘‘Yea.’’ 
f 
URGING THE GOVERNMENT OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA TO UNCONDITIONALLY RELEASE LIU XIAOBO, TO-GETHER WITH HIS WIFE LIU XIA, TO ALLOW THEM TO FREELY MEET WITH FRIENDS, FAMILY, AND COUNSEL AND SEEK MED-ICAL TREATMENT WHEREVER THEY DESIRE Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Foreign Affairs be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 67, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 67 Whereas Liu Xiaobo has inspired untold numbers of people in the People’s Republic of China and globally for his courageous stands for democracy, the protection of human rights, and peaceful change in China; Whereas, on December 9, 2008, a diverse group of more than 300 Chinese scholars, writers, lawyers, and activists issued Charter 08, a manifesto calling on the Chinese Com-munist Party to abandon authoritarian rule in favor of democracy, the guarantee of human rights, and the rule of law; Whereas Liu Xiaobo was one of the original drafters of Charter 08 and was taken into custody one day before the manifesto was re-leased; Whereas in December 2009, a Beijing court sentenced Liu Xiaobo to eleven years in pris-on for ‘‘inciting subversion of state power’’, in part for his role in Charter 08; Whereas in recognition of Liu Xiaobo’s long and non-violent struggle for funda-mental human rights in the People’s Repub-lic of China, he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in October 2010; Whereas Liu Xiaobo’s wife Liu Xia, has been held in extralegal home confinement since October 2010, two weeks after her hus-band’s Nobel Peace Prize award was an-nounced, and has reportedly suffered severe health problems over the years which re-quired hospitalization; Whereas in May 2011, the United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention issued opinions declaring that the Chinese Government’s imprisonment of Liu Xiaobo and the detention of Liu Xia both con-travened the Universal Declaration of Human Rights; Whereas Liu Xiaobo was diagnosed with terminal liver cancer in May 2017 and grant-ed permission to access medical treatment outside of prison and is currently hospital-ized in China; Whereas, according to news and family re-ports, Liu Xiaobo’s cancer has metastasized and the Chinese Government has refused re-quests by his family to transfer him to Bei-jing for medical treatment; and Whereas Liu Xiaobo currently cannot free-ly meet with friends and family or seek med-ical care outside of China: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That Congress— (1) recognizes Liu Xiaobo for his decades of peaceful struggle for basic human rights and democracy in the People’s Republic of China; (2) urges the Government of the People’s Republic of China to unconditionally release Liu Xiaobo, together with his wife Liu Xia, to allow them to freely meet with friends, family, and counsel and seek medical treat-ment wherever they desire; and (3) urges the Administration to seek hu-manitarian transfer from the People’s Re-public of China for Liu Xiaobo, together with his wife Liu Xia, so that he can seek medical treatment in the United States or elsewhere overseas. The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 60 Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 60. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H. RES. 353 Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H. Res. 353. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Missouri? There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 60. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 60. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, JUNE 29, 2017, TO MONDAY, JULY 3, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 11 a.m. on Monday, July 3, 2017. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.071 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5357 June 29, 2017 
There was no objection. 
f 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RICHARD ‘‘THE KING’’ PETTY (Mr. WALKER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, on Tues-day, our country will celebrate our independence and the rebuke of the British monarchy. Even still, we know across America, but especially in the great State of North Carolina, we have our own king, who turns 80 on Sunday. Richard ‘‘The King’’ Petty is the most decorated and respected driver in the history of motor sports. His leg-endary 43 car dominated race tracks for decades. He has even been awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President George H.W. Bush. More importantly than Mr. Petty’s work on the track are the lives that he has impacted. The Petty family, through the work of multiple charities and the impactful Victory Junction Camp, has served children with disabil-ities in incredible ways. Mr. Petty, you and Kyle and the rest of the family even showed what grace and dignity looks like in the loss of a grandson. We wish you a happy birthday today, Richard ‘‘The King’’ Petty. Thank you for all you do for the people of North Carolina, and I will be looking for that hat, those sunglasses, and that bright smile for years to come. 
f 
TRANSFORM STUDENT DEBT TO HOME EQUITY (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Transform Stu-dent Debt to Home Equity Act. Today, 40 million Americans have Federal student loan debt totaling $1.3 trillion. Additionally, at the end of 2016, 17.2 million habitable homes sat vacant in our country. These two trends are intertwined. Student debt is prohibiting millions and millions from buying their first home. We must find a solution, or thousands more will be saddled with sunk debt depriving them of building wealth through building home equity. The Transform Student Debt to Home Equity Act offers us a road for-ward. This bill allows the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the Federal Housing Finance Agency to start a pilot program that connects creditworthy Federal student debt holders with habitable homes for sale from the Federal ledger. By recalculating financing terms and interest rates, some student debtors can transition their debt into home-ownership. Eventually creditworthy participants would pay off debt and help strengthen neighborhoods simply by maintaining their home mortgage. We must use our power and resources to transform debt to equity. Trans-forming a student debt to home owner-ship is a pathway forward for the aspir-ing generation. I encourage my colleagues to support our measure, and let us unleash the stranglehold of debt on the next gen-eration and allow them to build wealth through homeownership. f 
CONGRATULATIONS CASSY LES-TER AND ALL ART COMPETITION WINNERS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today this House wel-comes the winners of the Congressional Art Competition to the Nation’s Cap-ital. Students from all over the coun-try have traveled to Washington to proudly display their works of art in the tunnel to the Capitol for the next year. The Congressional Institute hosts the nationwide competition each year to showcase and inspire the artistic talent of high school students from each con-gressional district. I am proud of the 37 students from my district who sub-mitted entries. I am thrilled to welcome our first- place winner, Cassy Lester of Reynoldsville, for her acrylic painting titled ‘‘Chocolate Lab.’’ Cassy attends Jeff Tech, and it is an honor to recog-nize a career and technical education student as our winner this year. She was honored with her fellow win-ners from the States across the Nation at this afternoon’s luncheon, and ear-lier today, I was able to give Cassy and her family a tour of the Capitol. Congratulations to Cassy and all of this year’s winners. We are grateful to have your art brighten the walls of the tunnel of this Capitol for the year ahead. 
f 
HONORING ANDREW ROGERS (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give special recognition to Andrew Rogers, the last surviving member of the heroic 1941 Willamette University Bearcats football team. The 1941 season was a tremendous success for the team, going 8–2, capturing the Northwest Conference title. But we remember that Bearcats his-toric season for far more than just ath-letics. At the end of the season, Wil-lamette University was invited to play the University of Hawaii on December 6, 1941. The following morning, the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor began. Rogers, the entire team, and visiting Willam-ette supporters volunteered to guard the Punahou School for 10 days while others helped with the injured. After the attack on Pearl Harbor, Rogers volunteered to join the United States Marine Corps, where he served as an infantry platoon leader for the 3rd Marine Division throughout the Second World War. He served meritori-ously during the final phase of the re-capture of Guam, as well as during the Battle of Iwo Jima. Rogers reminds all Americans of the impact we can have when we step up in times of need. His military service dur-ing a dark, uncertain time in our his-tory is another shining example of the Greatest Generation. I am proud to share his story and offer this small piece of recognition for all that Andrew Rogers has done for this great country. f 
NO CITY IS ABOVE THE LAW (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H.R. 3003, the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. Many cities across America have adopted sanctuary policies over the past few years. This is an obvious dis-regard of Federal law and puts Amer-ican lives at risk. In my home State of Georgia, sanc-tuary cities have been outlawed since 2009. Last year, Georgia’s law was amended to require local governments to certify they are cooperating with Federal immigration officials in order to get State funding. The way I see it, the law is the law. Sanctuary cities’ policies are dan-gerous to all American communities as they can shield unlawful and criminal immigrants from Federal immigration enforcement. President Trump prom-ised to end sanctuary cities, and this is the first step toward keeping that promise. How many more innocent American lives need to be stolen because our im-migration laws are not being enforced? No person or city is above the law, and that is why my colleagues and I passed this very important bill today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.090 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5358 June 29, 2017 
OPPOSE DANGEROUS SENATE VERSION OF TRUMPCARE (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to the dangerous and shameful Senate version of TrumpCare. According to the new Congressional Budget Office estimate, this bill will leave 22 million Americans without in-surance by 2026. In my district, that amounts to over 91,000 of my constitu-ents, and over 2 million Floridians in total. TrumpCare would allow insurers to charge seniors up to five times more than younger people. In addition, we have more than 1.3 million Americans who are in nursing homes, and 62 percent of those pay for their stay and their care with Medicaid dollars, including three in five Florid-ians who are in a nursing home. The majority promised Americans that they would fix TrumpCare in the Senate. Instead, 13 men made a back-room deal and they left seniors out of it. Make no mistake, while billionaires reap huge tax breaks in this bill, older middle class Americans will suffer. I urge my Republican colleagues to find their backbone—and look for their hearts while they are at it—and stand up for our seniors. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind all persons in the gallery that they are not to applaud. 
f 
CONGRATULATING JOANNA HARLACHER ON AWARD-WINNING WEBSITE (Mr. SMUCKER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate a student from my district who has achieved some-thing truly remarkable. More than half a million students from around the world participated in this year’s National History Day con-test, each one making a film, exhibit, website, or other presentation on this year’s theme, which was ‘‘Taking a Stand in History.’’ Joanna Harlacher, a graduate of Don-egal High School, took first place for her website. Her website focused on someone we all know and love: fellow Pennsylvanian Fred Rogers. Joanna used to watch reruns of his PBS show and wanted to showcase his impact on Americans during his life and his ca-reer. I would also like to recognize retired Donegal teacher Elizabeth Lewis, who helped Joanna create the award-win-ning website. Mr. Speaker, I couldn’t be prouder to represent this exceptional young woman and thousands of students across my district who impress us each and every day. Congratulations, Joanna Harlacher, her family, Mrs. Lewis, and Donegal High School on this globally recognized accomplishment. f 
HONORING JUDGE RYAN REINHOLD (Mr. O’HALLERAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, it is with respect and admiration that we honor Judge Ryan Reinhold for his out-standing legacy and service to the State of Arizona. This week, Ryan retires after 41 years as Navajo County justice of the peace, municipal court judge, White Mountain Apache tribal judge, and Navajo County constable. Throughout his career, he has been known for his tireless efforts to benefit his community in every aspect. I want to take a moment to share some of the highlights of his career. Ryan was first selected as justice of the peace in 1978. In 1984, he received the Kenneth L. MacEachern Award for Outstanding Non-Lawyer Judge in the United States. He was reelected five times and honorably led the court for 22 years before retiring in 2000. He was appointed Navajo County con-stable for precinct six in 2003 and elect-ed in 2006. He has led hundreds of volunteers as the district chairman of the Boy Scouts of America, and he serves as the president of the Blue Ridge High School Scholarship Fund and Lions Club. In retirement, I hear that he plans to be making regular scuba diving trips, traveling the world, and spending qual-ity time with his beloved family and friends—all well deserved. Mr. Speaker, Ryan Reinhold is a pil-lar of his community and has done so much for Arizona. I extend my best wishes as Ryan begins the next chapter of his life. 
f 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, AMERICA (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, July 4, 1776, Philadelphia, 56 misfits, rebels, and freedom fighters all filled a small room with the intent to form a new na-tion. They pledged their lives, their honor, and their futures on one simple idea: that all people are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among those are life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness. As these ideas were put forth on paper, it was clear to the Founders that governments are instituted among men to preserve those rights. In that hot room, these 56 men put together the first foundation of our government, declaring independence from King George III. From July 4, 1776, forward, the term ‘‘independence’’ has defined America. After 7 long, grueling years of war, America gained that independence. So Tuesday, as Americans across the Nation watch parades packed with pa-triotic red, white, and blue and fami-lies gather for picnics, hot dogs, bar-becue, and fireworks, all small towns and big towns throughout the country will remember and pay tribute to our Founders who instilled those three principles in our government: life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness. The Stars and Stripes are forever. Happy birthday, America. Happy Fourth of July. And that is just the way it is. f 
b1745 THE SENATE’S BETTER CARE RECONCILIATION ACT (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, this week, it was confirmed that the Sen-ate’s Better Care Reconciliation Act is not just mean, it can’t even be passed by the majority party. The nonpartisan CBO revealed that if that bill did pass, in our Nation, 22 mil-lion people would lose their healthcare coverage over the next 10 years. That means in my district, on the central coast of California, 49,000 people would lose their insurance, and 16,000 people would lose their coverage they gained due to the Affordable Care Act. So because of that score, the Senate couldn’t pass the bill, and they delayed the vote on it. So now, we have the time. So now, let’s slow down. Let’s do something the American people are yearning for. Let’s come together, Re-publicans and Democrats, not just to repair our Nation’s healthcare, but to find bipartisan solutions for what is best for all of our constituents and all of our communities for healthcare all across our country. 
f 
EDEN PRAIRIE BOYS BASEBALL CHAMPS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Eden Prairie Boys Baseball team on becoming high school State champs recently. They secured a 5–1 win over Forest Lake. After a challenging first four innings, the Eagles, led by senior pitcher Jack Zigan, came back to win their very first State Championship since 2010. Jack threw a complete game, surren-dering only three hits and one un-earned run, with an impressive 11 strikeouts. This marked the end of a fantastic season for the Eagles, who finished the year 18–9 after entering the State tour-nament without a seed. They were never expected to get this far. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.092 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5359 June 29, 2017 
were never expected to win, but they defeated the number 1, the number 2, and the number 4 seed teams by a com-bined score of 25–2. So, Mr. Speaker, once again, I would just like to congratulate this hard-working team of student athletes, their coaches, and their parents for their State Championship win. This really does go to show that perseverance and hard work pay off. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 20TH ANNIVER-SARY OF HONG KONG’S TRANS-FER TO CHINA (Ms. PELOSI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, in 1984, be-fore the United Kingdom handed Hong Kong over to China, the Chinese Gov-ernment promised ‘‘a high degree of au-tonomy’’ for the territory in the Joint Declaration on the Question of Hong Kong: providing for an independent ex-ecutive, legislature, and judiciary; en-suring the freedom of speech, press, as-sembly, and religion; prohibiting the central government from interfering into the affairs that Hong Kong admin-isters on its own according to the Basic Law; and pledging a path to universal suffrage. In 1997, when the handover occurred, America was hopeful that the people of Hong Kong would achieve the free, democratic future they deserved. But 2 decades later, we see China’s promise of ‘‘one country, two systems’’ is not being met. The Chinese have not hon-ored that promise, and the British Gov-ernment has ignored it. Since 2014’s ‘‘Umbrella Revolution,’’ the people of Hong Kong have faced a barrage of unjust and harsh restric-tions on their freedoms. Hong Kong’s pro-Beijing government is slapping democratically elected opposition law-makers with expensive lawsuits in a backhanded attempt to disqualify them from their seats. Peaceful activists are being rounded up and detained by the hundreds for ex-ercising their right to protest the new government. Five booksellers were abducted, smuggled across the border to China and forced to confess—so-called con-fess—their so-called crimes on national television, simply because their em-ployer sold books critical of Beijing. And, just this week, the democracy activists and heroes of the ‘‘Umbrella Movement,’’ Joshua Wong and Nathan Law, were arrested while peacefully protesting the visit of Chinese Presi-dent Xi Jinping, where they unfurled a banner in support of Liu Xiaobo. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend this body, especially our colleague, Con-gressman C
HRIS SMITH of New Jersey, for the resolution that he put forth earlier, a resolution that recognized Liu Xiaobo’s contribution to demo-cratic freedoms as a global hero, and urging the Chinese Government to allow him to seek medical care wher-ever, including in the United States. In mainland China, Mr. Speaker, the Chinese Government continues to jail journalists, human rights lawyers, those fighting to practice their own re-ligion, and democracy activists at an alarming rate. And the Chinese Gov-ernment is brutally trying to erase the religion, culture, and language of the Tibetan people. America has a moral duty to speak out in defense of the legitimate polit-ical aspirations of the people of Hong Kong. If we do not speak out for human rights in China because of economic concerns, then we lose all moral au-thority to talk about human rights in any other place in the world. As we mark this solemn 20th anniver-sary, we must stand up for all who are demanding the promises of ‘‘one coun-try, two systems’’ be honored. INTRO —JOINT DECLARATION  
In 1984, before the United Kingdom handed over Hong Kong to China, the Chinese gov-ernment promised ‘a high degree of autonomy’ for the territory in the Joint Declaration on the Question of Hong Kong: —providing for an independent executive, legislature and judiciary; —ensuring the freedom of speech, press, assembly and religion; —prohibiting the central government from interfering in the affairs that Hong Kong ad-ministers on its own according to the Basic Law; —and pledging a path to universal suffrage. In 1997, when the handover occurred, America was hopeful that the people of Hong Kong would achieve the free, democratic fu-ture they deserved. But two decades later, we see China’s promise of ‘one country, two systems’ is not being met. The Chinese have not honored that promise, and the British have ignored it. 
RECENT CRACKDOWN  
Since 2014’s ‘Umbrella Revolution,’ the peo-ple of Hong Kong have faced a barrage of un-just and harsh restrictions on their freedoms. Hong Kong’s pro-Beijing government is slapping democratically-elected opposition lawmakers with expensive lawsuits in a back-handed attempt to disqualify them from their seats. Peaceful activists are being rounded up and detained by the hundreds for exercising their right to protest the new government. Five booksellers were abducted, smuggled across the border to China and forced to con-fess their so-called crimes on national tele-vision—simply because their employer sold books critical of Beijing. 
WONG ARREST  
And, just this week, the democracy activists and heroes of the ‘Umbrella Movement’, Josh-ua Wong and Nathan Law, were arrested while peacefully protesting the visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping—where they unfurled a banner in support of Liu Xiaobo. This egregious attempt at smothering free speech is alarming, illegal and deserves the swift condemnation of the international com-munity. We must honor the protestors’ chant—‘the world is watching’—and condemn the arrest of Wong and the other demonstrators. Unfortunately, Beijing shows absolutely zero signs of ceasing its aggressive campaign of intimidation against democracy and human rights activists. CLOSE  
In Mainland China, the Chinese government continues to jail journalists, human rights law-yers, those fighting to practice their own reli-gion and democracy activists at an alarming rate. And the Chinese Government is brutally try-ing to erase the religion, culture and language of the Tibetan people. America has a moral duty to speak out in defense of the legitimate political aspirations of the people of Hong Kong. If we do not speak out for human rights in China because of economic concerns, then we lose all moral authority to talk about human rights in any other place in the world. As we mark this solemn anniversary, we must stand up for all those who are demand-ing the promises of ‘one country, two systems’ be honored. 
f 
THE LAST BATTLE FOR DEMOCRACY IN VENEZUELA (Mr. FASO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, as we plan to celebrate Independence Day on the Fourth of July, it is important for us also to recognize a human rights trag-edy and an abomination of democracy as totalitarian rulers of Venezuela are suppressing their people in our south-ern hemisphere. To call attention to this tragic situa-tion where thousands of people are being suppressed, where armed mobs are running around the streets intimi-dating people, and where Venezuelans cannot achieve the basic necessities of life, I include in the R
ECORD an article that recently appeared in The Wall Street Journal, ‘‘The Last Battle for Democracy in Venezuela,’’ and to call attention to the human rights tragedy which is occurring in South America. 
[From The Wall Street Journal, June 23, 2017] T
HELASTBATTLE FOR DEMOCRACY IN  V
ENEZUELA  Under Nicola´s Maduro, a county that had been one of Latin America’s wealthiest is having its democratic institutions shred-ded amid rising poverty and corruption (By David Luhnow and Jose´de Cordoba) Almost two decades after Venezuela’s late president, Hugo Cha´vez, came to power in an electoral landslide, his country’s trans-formation seems to be taking an ominous new turn. A country that was once one of one America’s wealthiest is seeing its demo-cratic institutions collapse, leading to levels of disease, hunger and dysfunction more often seen in war-torn nations than oil-rich ones. Mr. Cha´vez’s successor, President Nicola ´s Maduro, has called for a National Constitu-tional Assembly to be elected on July 30 to draft a new constitution, in which ill-defined communal councils will take the place of Venezuela’s traditional governing institu-tions, such as state governments and the op-position-dominated Congress. The new as-sembly appears to be rigged to heavily rep-resent groups that back the government. The Maduro government says that the new assembly will find a peaceful way forward for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.094 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5360 June 29, 2017 
a country enduring an economic depression and standing on the brink of civil conflict. The government says it is building on the legacy of Mr. Cha´vez, a military man who vowed to fight corruption, dismantle the venal old political establishment and be a voice for millions of poor Venezuelans. But the opposition, which is boycotting the as-sembly vote, calls it a naked attempt to end democracy and turn the country into a Cuba- style communist autocracy. The govern-ment’s own attorney general calls the vote illegal. The 545-member assembly, a modern-day soviet, would hold unlimited power while it writes a new governing charter, which could take years. Meantime, the assembly is wide-ly expected to scrap next year’s presidential elections. ‘‘This is the last battle for democracy in Venezuela,’’ says David Smilde, a Venezuela expert at Tulane University. For the U.S., the prospect of a new Cuba sitting atop trillions of dollars of oil reserves is profoundly unpleasant. For the past dec-ade, Venezuela has aligned itself with Rus-sia, China, Iran and Syria. Whether it thrives or implodes, Mr. Maduro’s petrostate could cause far greater headaches to the U.S. and Latin America than isolated Cuba. An implosion could mean bigger shipments of cocaine to Central America and the U.S., as well as a massive increase in the current flow of tens of thousands of refugees already fleeing the country for the U.S., Colombia, Brazil and elsewhere. And a consolidation of power could let Mr. Maduro deepen his part-nership with U.S. adversaries. The Trump administration has criticized Mr. Maduro’s plans to change the constitu-tion, urging ‘‘respect for democratic norms and processes.’’ The U.S. has called for Ven-ezuela to free political prisoners, respect the opposition-controlled congress and ‘‘hold free and democratic elections.’’ Mr. Maduro’s move has aggravated Ven-ezuela’s political crisis. The opposition, sens-ing a do-or-die moment, plans to ramp up daily street protests. Some 80 people have died in such demonstrations in the past three months, and the president is unlikely to ease off on the tear gas, rubber bullets and water cannons. ‘‘Maduro’s ultimate aim is to turn Venezuela into Cuba. And we will not accept being put in that cage,’’ says Julio Borges, the head of the opposition-dominated National Assembly. Venezuela’s momentous new step isn’t tak-ing place amid the kind of revolutionary eu-phoria that Mr. Cha´vez may have imagined before he died of cancer in 2013. Rather, it is being pushed by an unpopular government trying to keep power amid an economic im-plosion. By year’s end, Venezuela’s economy will have shrunk by nearly a third in the past four years—a plunge similar to Cuba’s after the fall of the Soviet Union, and one rarely seen outside of conflict zones. In a nation es-timated to be sitting on as much oil as Saudi Arabia, it is common to see poor families rummaging through garbage for food, even as the wealthy pack nearby gourmet res-taurants. Inflation was estimated by the Inter-national Monetary Fund at 720% this year; it is expected to surpass 2,000% next year. Shortages are so acute that three out of four Venezuelans lost an average of 18 pounds last year, according to a survey by Venezuelan universities. Diseases not seen there in dec-ades, such as malaria, are back. ‘‘The government is desperate because they know the next presidential election will be their last,’’ says Ce´sar Miguel Rondo´n, a popular radio host. When the host recently tried to leave Venezuela on a business trip to Miami with his family, he had his passport seized. ‘‘I’m a hostage in my own country,’’ he said. Amid the economic crisis and protests, the government has headed down an increasingly authoritarian path. It has raised the number of political prisoners over the past year to 391, according to the Venezuelan human- rights group Foro Penal—nearly four times the total from a year ago. Most are being tried in military courts. And the government is seeking to remove its rebellious attorney general through a case in the supreme court. The government didn’t answer requests for comment. The so-called Bolivarian revolution has be-come less about ideology and more about money. Venezuelans often call it a ‘‘robolucio´n’’ rather than a ‘‘revolucio´n,’’ using the Spanish word for robbery. If Cuba is an ideologically motivated communist dic-tatorship, Venezuela is something different; as oil-rich as Saudi Arabia, as authoritarian as Russia and as corrupt as Nigeria. Spectacular accusations of drug traf-ficking and corruption have sullied Mr. Maduro’s own family. Two nephews of Ven-ezuela’s first lady, Cilia Flores, are awaiting sentencing in New York after being found guilty last year of conspiring to import 800 kilos of cocaine to the U.S. through Hon-duras. They pleaded not guilty. The interior minister, Gen. Ne´stor Reverol, has been indicted in the U.S. for drug traf-ficking; Vice President Tareck El Aissami is on the U.S. Treasury Department’s kingpin list for allegedly protecting drug traffickers; and the head of Venezuela’s supreme court is on another Treasury blacklist far gutting the country’s democratic institutions. They all say that they are innocent and accuse the U.S. of trying to destabilize Venezuela. In some ways, analysts say, the extent of these accusations has made a negotiated so-lution to Venezuela’s crisis more difficult. ‘‘The regime’s connection to crime and drugs is what makes it difficult for them to give up power,’’ says Harold Trinkunas, an expert on Venezuela at Stanford University. ‘‘Many have to be worried that if they step down, they will be put on a plane to the U.S.’’ In Cuba, the Castro dynasty has kept power despite decades of disastrous economic policies due to devotion to the charismatic Fidel, popular achievements such as uni-versal free health care, ideological loyalty to Marxism, discipline enforced by security forces, and the nationalist frisson of facing off against the U.S. In Venezuela, aside from a similar devotion to Mr. Cha´vez, the glue that has held the regime together is simpler; oil-soaked corruption on an epic scale. Former planning minister Jorge Giordani, one of Mr. Cha´vez’s closest confidantes, said in 2015 that of an estimated $1 trillion in oil revenue received during the Cha ´vez years, two-thirds had been distributed to workers through subsidies and cash transfers. The rest, more than $300 billion, had ‘‘fallen through the cracks,’’ he said. Mr. Giordani quit Mr. Maduro’s government in disgust in 2014 and now lives in a quiet neighborhood of Caracas. This year, the U.S. Treasury Department put Samark Lo´pez, a Venezuelan business-man, on a blacklist, accusing him of being a frontman for Vice President El Aissami, an alleged drug trafficker. Announcing the sei-zure, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said that the U.S. had frozen assets worth ‘‘tens of millions’’ of dollars when it seized a slew of properties and firms owned or con-trolled by Mr. Lo´pez in the U.S., the U.K. and elsewhere. In a statement, Mr. Lo ´pez de- nied any wrongdoing and called the accusa-tions ‘‘politically motivated.’’ The government didn’t respond to requests for comment, but in the past, Mr. Maduro and other officials have dismissed accusa-tions of corruption, economic mismanage-ment and repression as part of an ‘‘economic war’’ being waged by Venezuela’s private sec-tor, in cahoots with the U.S., to destabilize and overthrow the socialist government. As in many petrostates, oil accounts for 95% of Venezuela’s foreign-currency earn-ings. Since the government administers the oil, one sure way to get ahead is not by cre-ating a new business but by getting close to the government to secure access to oil rents. Venezuelans call the enterprising class fol-lowing this model ‘‘los enchufados’’—the plugged-in ones. The path to power in Venezuela is often said to run through the army and oil. Once in power, the populist Mr. Cha´vez went after the oil, eventually firing 19,000 employees of the state-run oil firm Petro´leos de Venezuela to stack the company with his yes-men. After a brief and unsuccessful coup against him in 2002, he also cleaned out the barracks, handing over indoctrination and training to his Cuban allies. In the following years, oil prices rose sharply, and Mr. Cha´vez spent lavishly. He saved none of the windfall, ran large budget deficits even at peak-oil prices, raided the country’s rainy-day oil fund, and borrowed heavily, first from Wall Street and then from the Chinese and the Russians. He handed out billions of dollars worth of cut-rate oil to Cuba, Nicaragua and even Boston and Lon-don to show off Venezuela’s growing energy clout. The number of government employees dou-
bled, to five million, and spending sky-rocketed. Printing so much money caused in-flation, so the government set prices, some-times below the cost of production. Compa-nies that refused to sell at a loss were seized, aggravating shortages. Less local production made the country ever more reliant on im-ports. But once the price of oil began to drop in 2014, Venezuela could no longer afford the imports, which have fallen from $66 billion in 2012 to about $15.5 billion this year. And there is little domestic industry left to pick up the slack. ‘‘It is classic Latin American populism on steroids, and now we have the worst hang-over in history,’’ said Juan Nagel, a Ven-ezuelan economist living in Chile. Beyond some new public housing, little was built. Mr. Cha´vez left Venezuela littered with the bones of ambitious, half-finished public-works projects. Among them was a $20 billion scheme to build a train network, which now lies abandoned. In Caracas, a new subway line ended up being just one addi-tional stop on an existing line, prompting local wags to call it the Centi Metro (centi-meter) rather than just a plain Metro. Unperturbed, the flamboyant leader fo-cused on projects like changing Venezuela’s time zone by half an hour. He renamed the country the Bolivarian Republic of Ven-ezuela. And to mark the shift in Venezuela’s political course, he changed the direction of a wild stallion on the country’s coat of arms, making the horse gallop left instead of right. Mr. Cha´vez’s revolution attacked the old elites, sending nearly two million Ven-ezuelans—and billions of dollars—packing in the past 10 years. But in their stead rose a new elite: the so-called Boliburgueses, or Bolivarian bourgeoisie, who enjoyed a life of premium wines, Scotches and cars as poverty levels rose. ‘‘You don’t see that in Cuba or Vietnam. But here, you see Hummers, private jets and obscene new mansions,’’ says Miguel Pizarro, an opposition leader whose father was a Marxist guerrilla in Venezuela and whose mother served in Mr. Cha´vez’s first political party in the mid-1990s. ‘‘These guys literally bought the homes where Venezuela’s elite lived, tore them down and built even bigger ones.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.074 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5361 June 29, 2017 
Few enjoyed la dolce vita of Caracas more than Wilmer Ruperti, a businessman who earned Mr. Cha´vez’s loyalty in 2002 when he helped break an oil strike. Mr. Ruperti was a familiar sight in Caracas, riding in an ar-mored Jaguar accompanied by two North Ko-rean bodyguards. The magnate cemented his friendship with Mr. Cha´vez by buying a pair of Simo´n Bolı´var’s pistols for $1.7 million in a New York auction and presenting them to the Venezuelan leader. Last year, Mr. Ruperti paid the multi-million-dollar legal fees for the criminal de-fense of Mr. Maduro’s nephews. At the same time, Mr. Ruperti’s firm won a $138 million contract from the state oil company. Mr. Ruperti said it was his patriotic duty to pay the nephews’ legal fees as a way of relieving the pressures on Mr. Maduro. He denied any link between the payment of the fees and the state oil-firm contract. Corruption helps the government maintain political control. And no tool has been more effective than exchange controls, initially adopted by Mr. Cha´vez in 2002 during a na-tional strike to control capital flight. Fif-teen years later, they have reshaped Ven-ezuela’s economy and given the government enormous power to pick who gets dollars from the country’s oil wealth—often at ab-surdly low rates. For instance, firms and others who import food get dollars at the official rate of 10 boli-vars. But they can turn around and sell those dollars on the black market for 8,300 boli-vars. Venezuela’s army recently got the rights to set up its own mining and oil companies, and the armed forces are in charge of most critical imports. In 2016, 18 generals and ad-mirals were tasked with importing key foods and sanitary items. One brigadier general was put in command of acquiring black beans; another was charged with acquiring toilet paper, feminine napkins and diapers. Logically, an admiral was placed in charge of acquiring fish. No one knows how much money has been lost. Mr. Giordani estimated that a third of the $59 billion that the government handed out to companies to bring imports into the country in 2012 might have ended up in fraudulent schemes. ‘‘It’s a terrible economic model, but it’s great for politics and power,’’ says Asdru ´bal Oliveros, a prominent Venezuelan economist. The opposition and the regional govern-ments don’t know how to turn the tide. An Organization of American States resolution this week urging Venezuela to return to de-mocracy was supported by every major coun-try in the hemisphere but blocked by Ven-ezuelan allies like Nicaragua and a handful of statelets like St. Kitts and Nevis. Many in Venezuela hope that parts of the army haven’t been tempted by money and will want to honor the country’s democratic past. Ibsen Martı´nez, who helped write some of the country’s most beloved soap operas, says that hope is likely in vain. ‘‘The army is now a criminal organiza-tion,’’ he said in an interview from Bogota ´, where he now lives in exile. ‘‘But in every culture, there are mythical creatures. In Venezuela, it is the idea of an institutional military man, who will come out like Cap-tain America to resolve everything.’’ That instinct, he added, led to Mr. Cha ´vez in the first place. His revolution’s mournful impact can be seen everywhere. Venezuela’s national base-ball league now plays to empty stadiums and is considering suspending this year’s season. The Teresa Carren˜o theater, an architectural masterpiece in Caracas, used to produce some of the region’s best operas and dramas; it now mostly hosts government rallies. In the nearby Caracas Museum of Contem-porary Art, water drips into buckets near paintings by Picasso and Mondrian. The mu-seum is so empty that a thief replaced a Matisse portrait with a fake without anyone noticing for several years. Alberto Barrera, the author of a biography of Mr. Cha´vez who now lives in Mexico City, thinks that the time is fast approaching when he and the opposition may need to say goodbye to their hopes. ‘‘I wonder when I will wake up and realize, ‘They beat us.’ That it’s all over and the county I knew is gone,’’ he said. 
Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, it is vitally important that we stand up on this Fourth of July, not just for democracy here in the United States, but for de-mocracy in other parts of the world as people are struggling. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, and Happy Fourth of July to all of our countrymen around the United States of America. 
f 
TRUMPCARE IS A DEVASTATING BILL (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as we go home to commemorate the birth of this Nation, to wish all well, we would hope we would be able to go home by feeling comfortable that the administration was taking care of the American people. We have come to find out that the EPA is reversing a decision of the Obama administration to allow a pes-ticide by the name of—trade name Lorsban, that is chlorophyll-based, to be utilized on fruits and vegetables. I understand the needs of farmers, but there are documented studies that indicate that it may have a significant impact on the brain function of little children as young as 7 years old. Where is the care of the Nation by this administration? And then, they are planning a healthcare bill that will see this young lady lose her healthcare. In my district, 89,000 people will lose their insurance when they cut $854 bil-lion out of Medicaid; 16,000 will be chil-dren. Where will the hospitals survive if they are closed in rural and urban America, and where will the seniors be when their nursing home puts them out because the Medicaid that has been for working seniors but now retired in nursing homes who rely on Medicaid? The TrumpCare bill in the Senate is a devastating bill. We need to have an administration that takes care of the American people. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 200TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE UTICA OBSERVER- DISPATCH (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 200th anniver-sary of the Utica Observer-Dispatch. Founded in 1817, the Utica OD was one of only 421 papers in the country, and the fifth newspaper founded in New York State. For the past 200 years, the Utica OD has kept our region informed through quality reporting on important issues impacting our local community. As an unwavering member of the fourth estate, the Utica Observer-Dis-patch had a leading role in exposing the inner workings of our once orga-nized crime-influenced city. For this dedicated service on this very issue, and its campaign for justice against corruption, the Utica Observer-Dis-patch was awarded the Pulitzer Prize in 1959. I commend the Utica OD for its 200 years of steadfast reporting, and I en-courage the Observer-Dispatch and its committed members of the fourth es-tate to continue with its stated mis-sion, to keep our citizens informed through impartial investigative report-ing. Also, on a personal note, when I was a teenager, I actually delivered the Utica Observer-Dispatch, and it was an honor to do it and a small way for me to start off my earning a living. So I just want to thank the Utica OD and congratulate them again on 200 years. f 
THERE IS NO HEART IN THE SENATE HEALTHCARE BILL (Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, the Senate version was supposed to be the one, according to the President, with heart. There is no heart in this bill. Sixty percent of my constituents live in Los Angeles County which, in total, has about 5 percent—one county in the country has about 5 percent—of this country’s Medicaid recipients. The pro-posed Senate bill cuts to Medicaid would put more than a quarter of those currently receiving Medicaid assist-ance in L.A. County, nearly 900,000 peo-ple, at risk for losing health insurance. This is not a healthcare bill. This is a tax cut for the wealthy, dressed up to look like serious legislation. The rich get richer, while everyone else is left to get poorer and sicker. This is not who we are as Americans. 
f 
A BALANCED BUDGET AMEND-MENT TO THE CONSTITUTION (Mrs. MURPHY of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, today, I will become the first House Democrat in Congress to introduce a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. My bill will prohibit the Federal Government from spending more than it receives except in the case of war or recession. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.074 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5362 June 29, 2017 
Democrats and Republicans may not always agree on the best way to bal-ance the budget, but we all care about our country and our children, and both are at risk unless we rein in our unsustainable deficits and debt. In 45 of the last 50 years, the Federal Government spent more than it re-ceived. The Federal debt has ballooned to over $14 trillion. That is 77 percent of GDP, a figure that is expected to reach 150 percent in 30 years if we do not change course. Just as every family is expected to balance their budget, so, too, should the Federal Government. This is about taking responsibility and making tough decisions, exactly what our con-stituents elected us to do. A balanced budget amendment will compel Congress to walk the walk, not just talk the talk, when it comes to being responsible stewards of taxpayer dollars. I hope my colleagues on both sides of aisle will support this bill. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and privilege to address you here on the floor of the United States House of Representatives and have an opportunity, in this great deliberative body, to bring up the subject matters of my choice, and the purpose is to in-form you and the American people. Before I go into the topics that I am prepared to speak of, I yield to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). 
MEANINGFUL ACCOMPLISHMENTS OF THE 115TH  
CONGRESS  
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for kindly yielding and allowing me to take a few minutes to have a little bit of reflection with the American people as we head into the Fourth of July weekend. Mr. Speaker, despite widespread cyn-icism from Washington elites and those in the media, the 115th Congress and President Trump have taken meaning-ful action over the past 6 months to improve the lives of hardworking Americans. According to a recent analysis, this Congress has been the most productive in the modern era. By June 8, we had passed 158 bills, compared to the 60 bills by the 103rd Congress under Bill Clinton, 67 bills by the 107th Congress under President Bush, and 131 bills by the 111th Congress under President Obama. President Trump has signed 39 bills into law, including 14 bills passed under the Congressional Review Act, stopping harmful regulations handed down by the previous administration. According to one analysis, repealing these rules could save the economy millions of hours of paperwork, nearly $4 billion in regulatory costs to the Federal agencies, and an astounding $35 billion in regulatory costs for the private sector. We sent to the President, and he signed, legislation to bring account-ability to the Veterans Administra-tion. And the House has acted to stop ObamaCare’s job and freedom-crushing mandates, and acted to put a critical safety net program on a sustainable path. The House also voted to repeal and replace Washington’s Financial Con-trol Law, Dodd-Frank, to get capital flowing to our small businesses and to improve choices for consumers. The past 6 months have been a strong start, and I look forward to the House continuing its work to advance impor-tant goals of strengthening our econ-omy and creating jobs. CELEBRATING OUR NATION ’S BIRTHDAY  
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, every year at this time, our Nation cele-brates our birthday. It is the perfect time to reflect on the founding of our country and the principles that made our Nation exceptional. b1800 At the height of the Cold War with the Soviet Union, President Kennedy, in his inaugural address, reflected on our founding principles. JFK said: ‘‘And yet the same revolu-tionary beliefs for which our forebears fought are still at issue around the globe—the belief that the rights of man come not from the generosity of the State, but from the hand of God.’’ President Kennedy understood the words of our Declaration of Independ-ence: ‘‘We hold these truths to be self- evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.’’ A little more than 100 years before President Kennedy’s inauguration, our 16th President, Abraham Lincoln, de-fended the Declaration and taught all those around him, as well as future generations, how to revere and em-brace unwaveringly the sacred and transcendent truths expressed in this monumental document. Lincoln said in 1858: ‘‘Now, my coun-trymen, if you have been taught doc-trines conflicting with the great land-marks of the Declaration of Independ-ence, if you have listened to sugges-tions which would take away from its grandeur, and mutilate the fair sym-metry of its proportions; if you have been inclined to believe that all men are not created equal in those inalien-able rights enumerated by our chart of liberty, let me entreat you to come back. Think nothing of me, take no thought for the political fate of any man whomsoever, but come back to the truths that are in the Declaration of Independence. You may do anything with me you choose, if you will but heed these sacred principles.’’ Today, Mr. Speaker, let us recommit to the principles set forth in our Dec-laration, that all are endowed by your Creator with certain unalienable rights, among them the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. And let those who have admired the leaders of our country who have re-asserted these principles, from Lincoln to Kennedy, join together and continue to fight for the protection of these God-given rights, especially the first right, ‘‘the right to life.’’ Mr. Speaker, I thank you for allow-ing me this opportunity to speak. I thank the gentleman from Iowa for having extended to me this oppor-tunity to share these thoughts with the American people. Mr. KING of Iowa. I thank the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania for his pres-entation in bringing this topic together in a way that he has. And in his meth-od of addressing the Declaration of Independence on the right to life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness, I would expound on that as well. Life is the most paramount. It is a priority right, and our Founding Fa-thers knew what they were doing. They set up life as the first priority, liberty as the second priority, and the third priority was the pursuit of happiness. Mr. Speaker, I will start from the bottom because, of the three, I think it deserves the most explanation. That pursuit of happiness is often viewed as maybe a fun tailgate party or a bliss of some kind or maybe a barbecue out-doors with the family, the things that we love. That is the enjoyment of our life. The pursuit of happiness, as it was understood by our Founding Fathers, came from the Greek word ‘‘eudaimonia.’’ And that is spelled, E- U-D-A-I-M-O-N-I-A. And under the Greek word ‘‘eudaimonia,’’ it means developing the whole human being. And it is not just the mental well- being, but it is developing the intellec-tual human being, the physical human being, the knowledge base that is there, and the spirit within us, and our theology and our souls—the whole package of what we are as human beings, developing that to the max-imum, these God-given gifts, devel-oping them for his glorification, and that is the concept of the pursuit of happiness that our Founding Fathers understood. So the principle is that we have a right to pursue happiness, developing our whole human being, which includes the human enjoyment that we think of when we say pursuit of happiness. But no one in their pursuit of happi-ness can trample on someone else’s lib-erty because liberties are God-given. And the liberties that we have cannot be subordinate to the pursuit of happi-ness, but they are subordinate to the life of others because life is the most sacred. Human life is sacred in all of its forms. It is the number one paramount right. So the protection of human life is the principle and is the highest pri-ority in the Declaration of Independ-ence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.097 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5363 June 29, 2017 
And the liberties that we have—free-dom of speech, religion, the press, the right to keep and bear arms, a jury of our peers, no double jeopardy, the whole list in the Bill of Rights—those are God-given liberties, as conceived by our Founding Fathers and enshrined in the Bill of Rights, and, of course, in our Constitution. The rights that we have cannot be trampled upon or subordinated to someone else’s pursuit of happiness. Life, liberty, the pursuit of happiness, a well-thought-out, prioritized list in our Declaration that gives us the inspi-ration that was the foundation for our Constitution and the principles of our lives in America today. So I thank the gentleman from Penn-sylvania for his explanation of this and for giving me an opportunity to flesh this out a little bit in the concepts of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happi-ness. But the segue that he has served up to me is this: that our debates today here in this Congress on the immigra-tion bills that have now just passed the Congress have been focused on the right to life—the right to life versus the criminals that took the liberty to take them. They have violated the very foundations of our Declaration, and, of course, they violated our laws in a number of ways. But I think, especially, of the onset of this discussion, and I think of Sarah Root. And her legislation that is Sarah’s Law was introduced by me in this Congress. I have a copy of this bill today. We introduced it last year also, but in this Congress, it became H.R. 174, and it came about, and then we in-corporated it into the broader bill today that we call the sanctuary cities legislation, Mr. Speaker. Sarah Root had just graduated from Bellevue University in Omaha. Her hometown is Modale, Iowa. She had just finished her graduation the day be-fore with a perfect 4.0 grade point aver-age, and her major was in criminal in-vestigation. She would, today, be in-vestigating criminals if it hadn’t been for the criminal that killed her the day after she graduated. And the individual who is responsible here, Eswin Mejia, who ran her over, ran into her vehicle on the streets with triple the blood alcohol content that is legal. Eswin Mejia was on a first-name basis with at least two of his immigra-tion attorneys. When he was taken into custody, interestingly, as bad as the accident was, Sarah was rendered un-recognizable and she was on life sup-port for a little while while the parents were deciding what decision to make. And she was also an organ donor. Sarah saved six. And many days I wear this bracelet that says, ‘‘Sarah Root saved six.’’ And this bracelet hangs on the antlers in my man cave. And when I walk down there in the morning, I often say a prayer for all of those bracelets that are hung on the antlers in my man cave that represent those individuals whose lives have been lost at the hands of criminal aliens who were unlawfully present in the United States and perpetrated violence against generally American citizens but others that are generally those that are at least lawfully present in America. Sarah Root was one of those victims, a stellar young lady with a 4.0 grade point average and a fresh diploma from Bellevue University; her whole life and a world ahead of her, and run down on the streets. Her father came to testify here in the Judiciary Committee in Congress, and he said: ‘‘The judge bailed Eswin Mejia, this perpetrator, out of jail for less money than it cost to marry my daughter, and he was back home in his home country before we could bury my daughter.’’ Those were some of the most power-ful and moving and memorable words that I have heard in my time here in Congress. We think Eswin Mejia went back to Honduras, his home country. He had been incarcerated before. He had been encountered by law enforce-ment before, and they turned him loose on the streets. This happens again and again in America every day, local law enforce-ment picking up people that are unlaw-fully present in America, violating our immigration laws. The law requires that they be placed into removal pro-ceedings. That is the law, but they turn them loose anyway and turn them out on the streets because we have sanc-tuary cities and sanctuary cities poli-cies. Some local jurisdictions that don’t have a written policy, but they just simply—it is a practice that they have evolved into accepting. So when I say every one of the Amer-icans who died at the hands of someone who is unlawfully present in America, illegal aliens, generally speaking, every one of those are a preventable death. If we enforced the law, they wouldn’t have been in America in the first place to commit the crimes they committed against our American citi-zens, our innocent people like Sarah Root, this beautiful young lady with a perfect grade point average, the world ahead of her, a happy, joyful young lady that, today, would be living, lov-ing, laughing, and learning and con-tributing to our society. But she is in her grave today because Eswin Mejia got triple drunk, was unlawfully in the United States, and ran her car down and killed her on the streets and ab-sconded for a $5,000 bond. What we did with Sarah’s Law—this is H.R. 174, the original language—and I wanted to assure the family of Sarah Root that this language is incorporated into the bill we passed today. It is in-corporated into sanctuary cities legis-lation that we passed today. And what it does is it prohibits the judge from re-leasing an illegal alien on bond if they have been charged with or subject to a homicide or a crime where there is se-rious bodily injury. Once this issue came up in Omaha, Nebraska, and the public knew about this, we tried to unseat the judge that released this criminal that may have done damage again. But the judge that had let him out on $5,000 had a similar case. The next time, the bond went way up into six or even seven figures. So I think he got the message, but the pub-lic got the message, too. And I don’t know whether he will be able to hold his seat or not, but we have got to bring the right things. We have got to put the fixes in place. You would think we would have a judge that would understand this, yet, some-how in the political culture of Amer-ica, we are watching criminal aliens be turned loose on the streets over and over again. I recall, Mr. Speaker, sitting in on immigration hearings in the Judiciary Committee. This is over a number of years now, and I suppose there are a couple of people in this Congress that have sat through more, not many. The witnesses would be—every week or so we would have a hearing and there would be witnesses that would testify about how many people died in the Ari-zona desert trying to sneak into Amer-ica. And that number would be 200 in a year, 250 in a year, maybe the next year it went to 300. I remember that number going to 400 or more who died in the Arizona desert on the way into trying to sneak into America. Finally, with this parade of witnesses that were experts on why we ought to open the border so they didn’t have a difficult time getting into America— that is the lunacy that we have heard in the debate today over on this side of the floor, from my view, Mr. Speaker. I began to ask the witnesses this question: You are an expert on immi-gration and you have come to testify on how many didn’t make it through the desert. Could you tell me how many Americans died at the hands of those who did make it through the desert? And I would ask the witnesses—gen-erally four witnesses—and they would go down the line: I don’t know the an-swer; I don’t know the answer; I don’t know the answer. And that went on for a while. And the fourth witness in one of those days was a former INS agent, Mi-chael Cutler. And we are just a few years after September 11, 2001, when I asked him this question: How many Americans died at the hands of those who made it through the desert? Which is the phrase to imply how many Americans died at the hands of those who were unlawfully present in America. And Michael Cutler’s answer was: I don’t know the answer to that, but I can tell you it is in multiples of the victims of September 11. Now, think of that. Three thousand Americans were killed that day. Mul-tiples of that would be at least 6,000. If he is right—and he is confident he is right, and now I am confident he was right—that started me thinking. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.098 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5364 June 29, 2017 
b1815 So shortly after that, I commissioned a GAO study. That GAO study dug down deeply into the records that we had access to. It is hard to get this Congress to compare apples to apples, so I began to ask the questions: Of the people in the prisons of America, what are they in prison for? How many of them are criminal aliens? We did a report on that. They sliced and diced it and narrowed it down. It never actually became apples to apples, but it did come down to this substan-tial number that has been supported a couple of other times in other studies, in one subsequent that I had done in 2011. The number is very close to 28 percent of the inmates in our Federal penitentiaries are criminal aliens—28 percent. So it is reasonable to do a calcula-tion and an extrapolation off of this, if 28 percent of these inmates are crimi-nal aliens, what percentage of the mur-ders are they committing? What per-centage of the rapes are they commit-ting? What percentage of the violent crimes are they committing? Or are they in jail for just simply violating a law of immigration? You will find out very few are in prison for violation of immigration law. They are the reflection on criminal aliens. They are similar, a very simi-lar, if not identical, proportion of the crimes that are committed by others. So when you put that on there and hit the calculator—I am not going to speak those numbers into the R
ECORD  here, Mr. Speaker, because it is shock-ing and stunning how many Americans have lost their lives at the hands of people who shouldn’t have been here in the first place—Sarah Root included, Kate Steinle included, and many more. A few days after Sarah Root was killed, I sent out a tweet that just said: Sarah Root would be alive living and loving life if the President had not vio-lated his oath and ordered ICE to stand down. That is what happened during the 8- year period of time President Obama asserted that he had this thing called prosecutorial discretion. Now, that is something that is established in law, at least in precedent, but it has to be done on an individual basis, and he delivered it in a blanket basis. Janet Napolitano delivered the document. I questioned her on it in the committee. They decided that prosecutorial dis-cretion can be defined. They created four categories of people and essen-tially granted amnesty to all of them and turned them loose. They turned criminals loose on the streets in Amer-ica—36,007 of them in one bunch. Some of them were murderers out on to the streets of America. You can see what happens to the crime in this country. If you are im-porting people from the most violent countries in the world, and when they are encountered by law enforcement turning them loose, or if they are picked up for a taillight or speeding or getting in a fight or shoplifting, what-ever the case may be, failure to signal, running a stoplight, they are picked up for that. When local law enforcement encoun-ters them, they look at their identi-fication. They ask them a few ques-tions. It isn’t hard to figure out wheth-er they are legal or not. Some are good enough liars. But any time that law en-forcement encounters people unlaw-fully present in America, they are to put them in removal proceedings, and ICE is to do it. Yet thousands have been turned loose on the streets. At least 300 cities in America have established sanctuary policies that they turn them loose. Some of the cit-ies have passed policies that refuse to allow their law enforcement to even gather information or accept informa-tion on illegal aliens that they encoun-ter. So, for example, this is how bad it is even in a place like Iowa. One of my staff people who was involved in a car accident that was caused by an illegal alien who had no license and had no in-surance but he did have an illegal job in the town where he caused the acci-dent crashed into my staff and wrecked my staff’s car. So when I got the phone call on that, I turned to my then-chief of staff who is a lights-outs, University of Chicago School of Law lawyer. I said: I want you to go to this town and stay there until you can get this resolved. And I want to find out: What can we get ac-complished to enforce the law? This was our opportunity to learn if a Member of Congress’ staff can be run into by an illegal alien without a driv-er’s license and without insurance with an illegal job in town and owning a car, and I have a topnotch lawyer chief of staff to go up there and communicate with law enforcement to try to bring the law enforcement in place so we could at least deport the guy. After 3 or 4 days up there and a num-ber of phone calls from me down here, I finally got the message back that fi-nally convinced me we couldn’t crack through the code of local law enforce-ment to be able to deport the indi-vidual who was clearly illegal. He was unlawfully working—no driver’s license and no insurance. The practice of simply staying out of immigration law because they were local law enforcement and didn’t want to touch it was so ingrained that we could not move the bubble off the cen-ter. Finally, I said: Okay, we have got other people to take care of. We are not going to get this solved, so let’s turn our focus back to other things. That is so very frustrating. I tell this, Mr. Speaker, to let the world know the frustration of families who had a loved one who was killed by illegals and watched them turned loose on the streets, and then have them ab-scond and go back to their home coun-try or go back into the shadows and hide. That is the thing that happened with Sarah Root. Today, we did honor to her and her life by passing Sarah’s Law as part of the sanctuary city law. How ut-terly appropriate to bring a ban on sanctuary cities, to pass it off the floor of the House, and wrapped up in the same bill is Sarah’s Law to respect her; her life; the sacrifice of her life; the sacrifice of her mother, Michelle; her father, Scott; and her only sibling, her brother, Scotty, who carries the whole load now for the next generation—all of that. Finally, Congress did some justice for Sarah Root. It is only a small piece of justice. It is the least we can do, but it is the right thing for us to do. What her family wants is that no other families have to suffer like they have suffered. This is the story of Sarah Root whose name was elevated on the national stage by President Trump. As much as I push things out of this Congress, I don’t come close to having as big a megaphone as Donald Trump. So I want to thank the President of the United States for picking up the case of Sarah Root when he came to Iowa to campaign for the nomination of the Presidency of the United States. When he began to make his immigra-tion cases and lay out the platform for his immigration policy, I noticed that it mirrored mine very closely. I men-tioned to him one day: Mr. President, I have market tested your immigration policy for 14 years in Iowa. It shouldn’t have been a surprise that they under-stand these issues. They support the rule of law, they support securing the border, they support building a wall, and they support banning sanctuary cities. That is not just Iowa values, that is at least heart of the heartland values. Those are American values—Amer-ican values that want to live in a coun-try that has the rule of law, a country where our children can be safe, and where they can play in the streets and they don’t have to be looking over the shoulder; or a mother or a father doesn’t have to keep them indoors be-cause the streets are too dangerous. This morning, we have heard from Jamiel Shaw who has been in to this Congress and testified before my com-mittee maybe as far as back as 8 or 9 years ago. He is from Los Angeles. His son, who was a star football player, Jazz Shaw, was shot down and killed by an illegal alien gang member who went on the hunt that day with an assign-ment, as I understood it, to go shoot a Black person. Jazz Shaw was murdered on the streets close enough to his father, Jamiel’s, house that his father said this morning on FOX News that he could hear the gun shots. He went out there to see his son laying on the street in the blood pooling in the street. A ghastly murder for the sake of what? A gang challenge and a race label. That would not be the case if that murderer had been deported back to his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.101 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5365 June 29, 2017 
country. It would not be the case if he came back in and we picked him up a second time. Under Kate’s Law, the killer of Jamiel Shaw’s son would not have been in America if we had had Kate’s Law and had enforced Kate’s Law because he had been encountered before and had been deported. This is the evil murderer, Juan Fran-cisco Lopez-Sanchez. This is the beau-tiful young lady, 32 years old, Kate Steinle, who was down on the wharf in San Francisco with her father enjoying a day and was simply shot down and killed for no reason and at random by this individual who had been five times deported and convicted of something like seven different felonies in this country. Under Kate’s Law, that jacks that penalty up. He would have been locked up for a good, long time if that law had been in place, or the sanctuary city legislation we passed today outlawing sanctuary cities. They would be turn-ing over these kinds of criminals to ICE where they would get their just sentence in Federal penitentiary and then be deported. But even though we have these laws now passed, and if the Senate takes them up and passes them into law, the President will sign them. We are con-fident of that. He asked that these bills be brought before the House of Rep-resentatives as soon as possible. Of course, that was today. So if these acts that we passed today become law, then many Americans will be saved from the kind of carnage that we have heard about in case after case. When I saw the story come through of Kate Steinle, I looked at that. It was the most tragic story. Here is a clip of what I sent out that day. This is July 3, 2015. It is a picture of Kate Steinle. The message in the tweet is: A 100 per-cent preventable crime—dated July 3, as I said, 2015—100 percent preventable crime. Just enforce the law. This will make you cry, too, and it happens every day. Every day in America, there are Americans that die at the hand of illegal aliens. I recall the case in Cottonwood, Min-nesota, where an illegal alien who had been encountered by law enforcement before and turned back on the streets of our country who didn’t have a driv-er’s license, didn’t have insurance, and should have been deported at least once and probably more times than that ran a school bus off the road in southwest Minnesota. Four kids in that school bus were killed. Two of them were siblings. Three families lost children in that bus accident where the bus was run off the road by the illegal criminal alien. The dialogue that came from the left—the people that we heard debate over here today and voted against every one of these bills—was: this doesn’t have anything to do with ille-gal immigration. It has got nothing to do with that. It is just the happen-stance of life. In every society, there are car accidents, there are murders, there are rapes, there is assault, there is battery, and there is grand theft. Every society has that to some de-gree, but every single victim of a criminal alien that is in deportable category is a preventable crime. I have made that case over and over again for years, Mr. Speaker. But I made the point. They will say that it was just an accident, it was happenstance, and it has nothing to do with immigration. My district director looked at me. He is a mild-mannered, soft-spoken, and judicious kind of a person. He said: If they believe that, if they say that, then you say to them: then you go up there to Cottonwood, Minnesota, and tell their parents that their children would still be dead if we had deported the illegal that ran the bus off the road. That hits home to me, too, Mr. Speaker. It rings so true. Any family that is suffering the loss of a loved one—the Steinle family, the Root fam-ily, and so many other families, the families in Cottonwood, Minnesota, the families in Omaha, and the families around in my district—those families know that if he had enforced the law then their child or their husband would still be alive. So as part of the sanctuary city leg-islation that we moved through here today, and as in Kate’s Law just passed—I need to make sure that I state that—and in Sarah’s, they would both be alive today living, loving, laughing, learning, contributing to our society, sharing joy, and giving joy. There is another case that I have just picked up. A teen charged in an Iowa woman’s death may have fled the coun-try. Authorities say a teenager who was at the wheel of a car that was in-volved in a crash in Omaha last month that killed an Iowa woman—that is Sarah—has missed a court hearing and may have fled the country. Well, that is a little memo that says: He absconded, we think, to Honduras. He may be living in the shadows. Here is another story, and that is ad-dressed, Mr. Speaker, by legislation that was brought by A
NDYBIGGS of Ar-izona. I thank him for advancing this legislation, also. This is the story of Grant Ronnebeck. He was 21 years old. He was gunned down in January of 2015, while working at a QuickTrip in Mesa, Arizona. The man charged with killing him, Apolinar Altamirano, was 29 years old, in the country illegally, and had been released by Immigration and Customs Enforcement even though he had pre-viously been convicted of a felony bur-glary charge. Now, why are we turning people loose in the streets of America to walk the streets again when they were deport-able before they committed the felony burglary charge, convicted of a felony burglary charge, and then turn them loose again? Does the judge decide that somehow he has a right to be in Amer-ica? That is a clear deportation re-quirement. I recall when we had John Ashcroft as the Attorney General. He testified before the committee that when they released criminal aliens on to the streets without bond with a date set for a hearing, 84 percent of them didn’t show up. b1830 And that was before President Obama sent the message that it didn’t matter. Those numbers have gone up, not down. Here is another one. This was just an-other ghastly, tragic story that hap-pened in Omaha. Louise Sollowin died in July of 2013. Three days after the at-tack in her home, according to Omaha police, an officer sent to the south Omaha house Sollowin had lived in for 71 years found her body covered in blood in her bedroom about 9 a.m. The officer said Sergio Martinez- Perez, 19—I am going to skip some of this, because it is too nasty to put into the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —was passed out there, having raped the 93- year-old woman. Authorities believed that Martinez-Perez entered the home through an unlocked door. He, too, was an illegal alien who had been encoun-tered by law enforcement and was re-leased and went out to rape and mur-der. So when the President said that we have people who do these things among those who have come from some of those countries, that is clearly true. A lot of good people also, but we need to have the rule of law. We need to en-force the rule of law. And when they are coming from these other countries that have corrup-tion but don’t have the benefit of the rule of law and the respect for the law that we have, they are importing those low standards in here. We must sustain the rule of law, re-store the respect for the rule of law. If we do that, we will sustain ourselves as a First World country. If we fail to do so, if we lose the rule of law, then we will devolve into a Third World coun-try eventually. The core of this from the beginning for me, Mr. Speaker, has always been to restore the respect for the rule of law. Ronald Reagan signed the amnesty act in 1986. I give him credit for at least naming it—calling it what it was, an amnesty act. It was a reward for law breakers. The cabinet around him en-couraged him to sign the amnesty act. Me, you know, I kicked my filing cabinet the day I heard on the news that he had signed it, and I kicked a dent in it because—well, out of frustra-tion was why. But I believe Ronald Reagan would see with clarity that you can’t reward law breakers and think that somehow you are going to be able to put that be-hind you and that the law will be en-forced and respected from that point forward. There were to be a million people that received amnesty in 1986. Ronald Reagan signed the amnesty act, and it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.102 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5366 June 29, 2017 
became 3 million people because they probably counted a little wrong, and there was a lot of fraud, a lot of people who presented themselves and alleged that they were to be included. This was a faster track to citizenship for them. Three million people received am-nesty in 1986, and I said then that none of them should have, that they should not be rewarded for breaking the law. Yet they got their amnesty. The signature that Ronald Reagan put on that amnesty legislation was supposed to be in exchange for enforce-ment of the law, but the law didn’t get enforced. The amnesty was delivered triple what was expected. And I knew then that we would have a long, hard slog restoring the respect for the rule of law, but I have set about doing that since that period of time. More than 30 years later, we are here on the floor strengthening the rule of law after all this time, after the am-nesty that has been advocated by oth-ers. Each decade we seem to have to have a battle. They want to come with what they now call comprehensive immigra-tion reform. Just about anybody in America knows if you say ‘‘comprehen-sive immigration reform,’’ you really mean amnesty. I say to them: Just be honest. If you think amnesty is a good idea, why do you say all those three words when you can say ‘‘amnesty’’ and be honest? Peo-ple know what you mean. If the public is ready for amnesty, then you can pass it. If we are not, you can’t. The American people understand this intuitively, that we have got to stop the law-breaking and that we cannot be rewarding those who break the law. Now, there are those who think that we should somehow find a path of am-nesty for those individuals identified unconstitutionally by Barack Obama in his DACA program—Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. They aren’t all innocent little waifs who have been brought in by their mother against their will, as many would say. Instead, many of them are prime gang-age re-cruitment, young men. I have gone down there and watched that flow of epic humanity coming out of Central America, coming through Mexico, some from Mexico—a dimin-ishing number from Mexico—coming into the United States. The numbers we looked at were 81 percent male. And if they are under 18, they are coming on their own—if they are 14, 15, 16 or 17 years old. And they don’t always tell you the truth either, Mr. Speaker. So this large group of people are prime gang-age recruitment youth. And these youth are coming from some of the most violent countries in the world. And 11 of the 13 most violent countries in the world are south of the Rio Grande, and one of those countries is not Mexico. So when they come into America, they bring with them the vio-lence and the culture that is part of it, and we can expect our crime rates to go up. The people from the inner cities, who generally sit over on that side of this Congress, want to get them out of places like El Salvador and Guatemala and put them into the inner cities, in places like east St. Louis and Detroit and Newark, and a number of other cit-ies where the violent crime rate is very high, to get them away from the vio-lence that is part of their neighbor-hood. I would submit, Mr. Speaker, that we may be putting them into neighborhoods that are more dangerous than the countries that they come from, but we don’t log those crime sta-tistics very clearly because it is so sen-sitive to the people in the inner city, they don’t want to talk about it. So crime has been pervasive in these countries. They are sending young men especially that are prime gang-age re-cruitment. They are being recruited to MS–13. Judge Jeanine Pirro said the other day that 30 percent of them be-come MS–13 members. Mr. Speaker, let me inquire, if I could, the amount of time I have re-maining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has 20 minutes remaining. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate that response. I wanted to roll through what our sanctuary cities legislation does that we just passed today, and it goes a pretty good, long, comprehensive way. I pointed out that I brought the first sanctuary cities legislation into this Congress that I could find a record of. It was in 2005 when I brought an amendment through the Homeland Se-curity appropriations to cut all funding to sanctuary cities. 2005. And then along the way, each opportunity that was there, I brought an amendment to cut off funding to sanctuary cities. Most of the time it was in the Judici-ary, the justice appropriations bill. And I see a number of them here scat-tered in my memo that I asked staff to put together. So as far back as 12 years ago, I have been working to end Federal funding going to sanctuary cities that defy local law enforcement. And we have gotten resistance from the other side of the aisle consistently. Barack Obama was never going to sign anything like that, but I kept beating the drum every year to cut off funding to sanctuary cities. Finally, I introduced the legislation on sanctuary cities in 2015, and then again at the beginning of this Con-gress. And Chairman B
OBGOODLATTE  was gracious enough to pull that to-gether so we could bring it to the floor today. And we have had a lot of co-operation from many others on this. I see the first date I introduced the sanctuary cities legislation as a stand-alone bill was November 4 of 2015, and here we are today finally passing it. I thought I had been at it for a long time, Mr. Speaker, and it added up to 12 years that I have been actively en-gaged, at least—maybe 14—until I talked to Congressman L
OUBARLETTA  from Hazleton, Pennsylvania, who, as a mayor in 1999, began to raise the issue and made it a national issue. He was selected to this Congress. He has been at it 18 years. Others have been at this a long time, too. So many of us are grateful today that the sanctuary cities language has passed and that Sarah’s Law, Kate’s Law, all of that that I was able to in-troduce into this Congress has passed out of the House of Representatives and messaged to the Senate. And I hope the Senate picks it up. The sanctuary cities language does this: It bans their policies, for starters, Mr. Speaker. It blocks the Department of Justice grants to the sanctuary cities that defy Federal law and refuse to cooperate with Federal law enforcement on im-migration. And those grants would be generally grants that have to do with law enforcement that would be effected by DOJ. It allows the Department of Home-land Security to refuse warrants from the sanctuary cities. The sanctuary cities might serve a warrant to some-one in custody, and DHS can say: We are not going to hand this person over to you because we are pretty confident you are just going to turn them loose on the streets. So that piece in there is a protection that keeps some from being released. And then it requires ICE to take cus-tody of these criminal aliens within 48 hours of the notice that comes from the State or local government that would have them picked up. It also establishes a good faith provi-sion that holds local government harm-less for honoring ICE detainers. Now, that is something that was un-dermined on February 25 of 2015 by then-Acting Director of ICE, Dan Ragsdale, who sent a letter out that just simply advised local law enforce-ment that an ICE detainer is a sugges-tion, not an order. Well, the law and the rule says that it is an order, not a suggestion. This statute clarifies it and firms it up with respect to detainers. And then if a local jurisdiction is sued by, say, the ACLU, as they are wont to do, it gives them a protection, and it lets the Department of Justice and the Federal Government substitute itself for local government, and it holds local government harmless when it comes to the case of ICE detainers. Here is a very powerful piece, Mr. Speaker, and it is this: the sanctuary cities legislation passed today, H.R. 3003, provides a cause of action against any jurisdiction that releases an alien who subsequently commits a felony. Now, that is a powerful provision, and it is something that moves me in my heart. As a former crime victim, it occurred to me when they announced the name of the case that I wasn’t in-volved in that equation at all even though it nearly destroyed my busi-ness, and I began to think about how this is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.104 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5367 June 29, 2017 
Our criminal law comes from old England. And in old England, if you committed a crime—the king owned everything. If you killed one of his serf, you killed the king’s serf. That was the murder that took place. If you shot a deer, you shot the king’s deer. If you stole something, it was a violation against the crown. And we transferred the criminal law into America, and the State has re-placed the crown. So when you commit a crime, that crime is committed against the State as if you had killed one of the king’s deer, but it doesn’t consider the victim hardly at all. We are doing a little better in recent years, but this allows the crime vic-tims to have a recourse, Mr. Speaker. And I think we will hear a lot about this provision in the sanctuary cities law as this moves over to the Senate. I think we made a lot of progress today. It has been a good day to do honor to the lives of Sarah Root, a beautiful young lady whose mother is here in this Capital City today and speaking and testifying and doing radio and meetings. And one day I hope we hunt down Eswin Mejia, the killer of this beau-tiful young woman. And one day I hope we have the relationship with his home country where they will hunt him down and extradite him to the United States of America. That is, of course, a law we need to have in a civilized world. And Kate Steinle, I thank not only Matt Salmon for bringing this forward, but Bill O’Reilly and the President of the United States. Something this President has done is he asked the family members of the victims of criminal aliens in America to step up on the stage with him around the campaign trail over and over again. One would think that they were props for a campaign. That kind of criticism flowed out. But here is what he has really done: he illuminated the pain that they went through over and over again. When he came back to Iowa on a ‘‘thank you’’ tour, he had some of the crime victims there. He brought them up on the stage. You can tell by the look in his eye that they moved him. He has said the thing that moved him the most in the entire campaign were the families who had an illegal kill their daughter, their son, their family member. That moved him the most. He has done honor to that. He has asked that we bring this legis-lation to the floor. We have done so. We have passed it out of the House. And the President, yesterday, met with a dozen or so of these families at the White House. He will continue to push this legislation till it becomes law. And I expect at the bill signing ceremony, these families will be in-vited back to the White House and they will get a closure on the pain that they are going through this day. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1845 HONORING WILBERT AUSTIN The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
LORES ) is recognized for the remain-der of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to honor Reverend Wilbert Austin of Waco, Texas, who passed away on June 19, 2017. Wilbert grew up poor in a small shack in the southern part of Waco in a racially segregated area called Sandtown. His father was a day laborer who picked cotton for a living, while his mother was a laundress and cafe worker. Wilbert used to play by the old rendering plant that was next to the cemetery in Sandtown. Even in their poverty, Wilbert’s par-ents were able to raise five children. His meager upbringing is something that would shape him for the rest of his life and molded him into a great serv-ant. During his life, Wilbert worked many jobs, including working for a glass bot-tle manufacturer, Owens-Illinois, and as a leader of the local chapter of the NAACP. During his time at the NAACP, he was known for advocating for civil rights in Waco. Always seek-ing to make Waco a better place, he would often make sure that children and families had a safe area to play and enjoy by keeping out drug dealers, doing so on a face-to-face basis, if need-ed. Wilbert was a passionate advocate for his Christian faith and decided to share his faith in the pulpit. He became a pastor of Moody’s Peaceful Rest Bap-tist Church, where he would serve for 38 years. He was known to his con-gregation and around Waco as someone with a servant’s heart. Wilbert would mow lawns for the elderly and collect gift cards at Christmas to distribute to needy families. In 1974, Wilbert led an effort to change local city government, and that made him an important part of Waco’s history. In the 1950s, the city had adopted an at-large district after an African- American individual nearly won a city council seat. As a result of his tireless and dedicated efforts, Waco dropped the at-large system and divided its city into five districts, with each district having a single elected representative. His perseverance changed the at-large system because it did not fairly rep-resent the electoral choices of the Afri-can-American areas of Waco. Though he never believed he would run for city council, Wilbert’s desire to serve eventually led him to campaign for a seat. Wilbert showed great perse-verance as he ran for city council five times, ultimately winning a seat in 2006. He went on to serve as the council-man for District One for 11 years before having to step down earlier this year due to declining health. Today’s Waco is a diverse and inclusive city because of his community service. Wilbert was also a devoted and loving husband to his late wife of 50 years, Annie Pearl Austin, who passed away from breast cancer in 2012. Annie was supportive of her husband’s efforts to help Waco and would often tell her children: ‘‘No matter what or why he’s out in the public, always love your dad and support him.’’ They were blessed with 5 children, and they were the grandparents to 10 grandchildren. During the last years of his life, Wilbert fought a battle with cancer that he ultimately lost. Throughout his battle, he never lost sight of where he was going. In a farewell address at his retirement party, Wilbert stated: ‘‘I’m all packed up. When you hear of my passing, don’t grieve for me. I’m just another soldier going home to be with the Lord.’’ Mr. Speaker, Wilbert Austin worked tirelessly to better our central Texas community and did so by serving his congregation, his community, reducing crime, and serving in elected office. He is loved by our community and certainly left an enduring impression on the greater Waco area. He will for-ever be remembered as a community leader, pastor, civil rights activist, servant, husband, father, grandfather, and friend. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Austin family. We also lift up the family and friends of Wilbert in our prayers. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the United States Capitol to honor the life and legacy of Reverend Wilbert Austin. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. 
HONORING GENERAL JOE HANOVER  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor General Joe Hanover of Woodway, Texas, who passed away on May 22, 2017. Joe was born in McGregor, Texas, on February 10, 1918. He grew up in a farm-ing community and attended grade school in Wheelock before graduating from Franklin High School in 1938. Wheelock was a special place to Joe because it is where he met the love of his life, Lucille, in the first grade. During his high school years in Franklin, Joe became interested in en-gineering, an interest that would guide much of the rest of his life. Upon grad-uation from high school, Joe went to Texas A&M University in College Sta-tion, where he would go on to earn a bachelor of civil engineering degree in 1940. In 1941, he married Lucille and started his engineering career by work-ing for the Texas Highway Department in Hearne. World War II interrupted Joe’s early career and family life, as he was called 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.105 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5368 June 29, 2017 
into Active Duty in 1941. He was com-missioned into the U.S. Army 10 months prior to Pearl Harbor and still carried his original orders to report to Camp Wallace, Texas, until the day he passed away. During his service in World War II, George served in the European theater, notably in Belgium and France. He served in the 54th Coastal Artillery, a division that had 3,000 African-Amer-ican soldiers in it. At the conclusion of the war, Joe was given command of a German prisoner of war camp in Marseilles, France. In an interview with the local newspaper, Joe was quoted as saying: ‘‘I started as a commander of Black soldiers, fight-ing against the world’s greatest racist, Adolph Hitler, and finished as the com-mander of a prison holding German sol-diers who had tried to carry out Hit-ler’s plans.’’ Joe’s enlistment lasted 5 years, and he was given orders to go home in Feb-ruary 1946. He also joined the Army Re-serve, from which he retired in 1971 with the rank of brigadier general. When he returned to the United States, he went back to work for the Texas Highway Department, embarking on a career that would last for more than 35 years. Joe worked on numerous projects throughout the State and is best known in College Station for over-seeing the completion of the University Drive overpass. On the 50-year anniver-sary of the opening of that structure, the City of College Station declared March 21 of each year going forward to be Joe Hanover Day. Texas A&M played a large role in Joe’s life, and he was known for his great love of the university. He regu-larly attended Fightin’ Texas Aggie sporting events, especially baseball and football games. When recounting the best days of his life, Joe would rou-tinely tell you that the day he married Lucille and the day he was baptized were the two greatest days of his life. Mr. Speaker, Joe Hanover fought in service of our country and worked tire-lessly to better the Bryan-College Sta-tion area. He is loved by our commu-nity and certainly left an enduring im-pression on the Brazos Valley. He will be forever remembered as a hero, com-munity leader, husband, and friend. My wife, Gina, and I offer our deepest and heartfelt condolences to the Han-over family. We also lift up the family and friends of Joe Hanover in our pray-ers. I requested that a United States flag be flown over the Capitol to honor the life and legacy of General Joe Hanover. As I close today, I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. PERSECUTION OF CHRISTIANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 30 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, to-night I want to talk about persecution, worldwide, of people of the Christian faith. We don’t hear much about Chris-tian persecution through world media, and I think it is important that Ameri-cans understand that persecution of minority religious groups throughout the world continues, and especially continues against Christians. Each month, Mr. Speaker, 332 Chris-tians are killed, 214 churches are de-stroyed, and 772 forms of violence are committed against Christians. Once again, every month, 332 Christians are killed, 214 churches are destroyed, and 772 forms of violence are committed against individuals of the Christian faith. In 2013, Christians faced persecution in 102 out of 190 countries. For the sec-ond year in a row, Christians are the most persecuted religious group in the entire world. In 2016, 90,000 Christians were killed for their faith worldwide. In 2016, roughly 600 million people were pre-vented from practicing their faith through intimidation, forced conver-sions, bodily harm, or even death. Many Christians are brutally murdered simply for their belief in Jesus. Oppression is not limited to Chris-tians worldwide. Religious minorities throughout the world are restricted in their practices or persecuted for their beliefs. Eighty-two countries, world-wide, require people in minority reli-gious groups in that country to reg-ister with the government, while 99 countries restrict their practicing of religion. Here are the top 10 Christian persecu-tion countries in the world. It is no surprise that North Korea is number one on the hit list that wants to punish and persecute Christians. Little Kim takes delight in torturing people, especially people of religious beliefs, including Christians. Chris-tians are often sent to prison camps for just owning a Bible. Those Bibles are smuggled in through other countries, but generally they come from South Korea. Approximately 80,000 to 120,000 are imprisoned in labor camps for their re-ligious beliefs. That is 80,000 to 120,000 people are in prison camps, labor camps, because of their religion in lit-tle Kim’s dictatorship of North Korea. So, number one is North Korea. I will give you the other nine, Mr. Speaker. Somalia is number two; number three is Afghanistan; Pakistan is num-ber four; Sudan is number five. Of the 10 worst countries for Christian perse-cution, number six, no surprise, is Syria. Iraq is number seven; Iran is number eight; Yemen is number nine; and Eritrea is number 10 of the top 10 countries that persecute Christians for simply believing in the Christian faith. The Pew Research Council says 95 percent of the countries in the Middle East and North Africa have instances of government harassment or use of force against religious groups; 75 per-cent had instances of government har-assment against even Muslims, people that believe differently than the gov-ernment faith. In Asia, there has been an uptick in persecution by governments in Islamic extremism. Christians in this region are targeted by national religious movements—the Muslim, the Hindu, and the Buddhist—in countries like Pakistan, India, and Myanmar. Chris-tians around the world routinely face blasphemy laws for simply speaking about their faith. A country that I haven’t mentioned yet is Communist Vietnam. Yes, Mr. Speaker, whether we leave off that phrase Communist Vietnam, they are still a communist country, an atheistic country. New laws led by the govern-ment punish anyone who dares to prac-tice their religion or speak out against the authoritarian regime. New laws are being used to crack down on citizens’ basic human right of the right to believe and practice their religion. New rounds of arrests this year are proof. Human Rights Watch says 110 people are prisoners of conscience or impris-oned in harsh conditions after unfair trials. These prisoners are not crimi-nals, but the government thinks they are criminals because they practice their religion. They are advocates for human rights and social justice. They are pastors and priests. They are in jail for believing in the Almighty. Pastor Nguyen Cong Chinh has been in prison in Vietnam since 2011. b1900 Mr. Speaker, I might add here that prisons in Vietnam haven’t changed much over the years. It is still a Com-munist country, and when you go to jail in Vietnam, you are in a prison like no other. Those prisons still exist, and they house people because the gov-ernment puts people of Christian faith in jail. Pastor Nguyen has been tortured and beaten. He has no contact with his family. They give him food, and they make fun of him because in the food they give him, they break up glass and put the glass in that food. He is being held in solitary confine-ment, and all because he took a stand for Christianity and he told officials— and he told officials from the United States—about his treatment in jail. The security officials not only give him physical torture, they give him mental torture as well. His wife has also suffered for her faith. Last year, she was beaten and jailed while peacefully campaigning for religious freedom. You see, Mr. Speaker, when they go out in Vietnam and advocate the human right of religious freedom, the Government of Vietnam persecutes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.107 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5369 June 29, 2017 
them for that—beats them, tortures them, and puts them in jail. Americans need to be aware of what is taking place in this country and others. His wife suffered for her faith, but she continued to preach the word even against this evil injustice. Even to this day, the Vietnamese Communists harass her as well as her husband who is incarcerated. Indonesia is the world’s largest Mus-lim majority nation. But there are communities of Hindus and Christians and Buddhists. These three groups of religious individuals are persecuted be-cause they are not the faith of the gov-ernment. There is an alarming shift in toler-ance. Indonesia used to claim and be, to some extent, tolerant of other reli-gious faiths other than the Muslim faith. They were proud of that. But there is a shift in the government to not tolerate religious minorities. Recently, the governor of Jakarta was sentenced to prison for 2 years for blasphemy against the Muslim faith. His charge is based on statements the governor made about the Koran that were seen as offensive to Islam, there-fore offensive to the government, and there he goes, off to jail in Indonesia. Religious tolerance and free speech is being lost, while in Indonesia hard line Islamic forces are encouraging this persecution. Pakistan. Pakistan is a country I have talked about frequently on this House floor, but Pakistan churches have been bombed and people have been killed. In one town, a 14-year-old Christian boy, because he was a Christian, was beaten and set on fire. Persecution of the young. Persecution of the elderly. All because of their religious faith. In Pakistan, Pakistan not only per-secutes Christians, they persecute other Muslims who don’t agree with the government position on Islam, in-cluding the Murji’ah. In the Middle East, Egypt has re-cently come under scrutiny because of the increase in attacks from Islamic extremists who target Christians. In May, gunmen forced Coptic Chris-tian pilgrims from buses, took them out of the buses, and executed 28 of them because they were Coptic Chris-tians. Palm Sunday this year, twin bomb-ings on Christian churches in Egypt killed almost 50 people. A man cloaked in explosives snuck through security and detonated his bomb, killing 28 and wounding 70. At the same time, another suicide bomber attacked St. Mark’s Church in Alexandria, Egypt, killing another 17 people, and injuring scores more. Over a 3-day period in 2013, Coptic Christians experienced the worst at-tack against their churches in 700 years in Egypt. Forty churches were destroyed, and more than 100 other sites were severely damaged. One boy was beaten to death for wearing a cross around his neck. He is walking down the street, he has got a cross around his neck, and, lo and be-hold, he is attacked, beaten to death because of his religious belief. Tens of thousands of Coptic Chris-tians have fled the country. Well, no kidding. They are leaving because their lives depend on it. ISIS has decimated ancient Christian communities in the Middle East as well. We have this issue of govern-ments persecuting Christians or allow-ing persecution to exist. But alongside this, we have this terrorist group ISIS that it is part of their mission wher-ever they are in the world to kill peo-ple who don’t agree with their religion. And, of course, that includes Christians as well. In Iraq, before there was ISIS, there were approximately 300,000 Christians who lived in Iraq. No one knows how many remain today, but hundreds of thousands have left the country or been killed. In Mosul, for example, 10 years ago, about 35,000 Christians lived in Mosul— 10 years ago. Now there are 20, maybe 30 Christians. They have been killed, tortured, or fled the country. ISIS’ campaign to destroy historic sites and monuments of Christians is now something that the world media is talking about. ISIS destroyed the mon-astery of St. Elijah outside Mosul. This monastery stood there in Mosul for 1,400 years, and here comes the ter-rorist group ISIS that tears it down be-cause it is a site where Christians prac-ticed Christianity. ISIS has been so fervent in their kill-ing of Christians that this House even passed legislation stating that ISIS is committing genocide against Chris-tians. And they are. So you got ISIS in different parts of the world. One of their goals is to kill religious folks who disagree with them, especially Christians. And to some ex-tent, they have been very successful at that. When we talk about destroying and eliminating ISIS, we need to remember that we will eliminate their genocide against Christians as well, if we de-stroy ISIS. In Iran, Open Doors USA ranked the persecution level of Christians in Iran as extreme. Religious police move about the city kind of like the Gestapo, and when they suspect Christians are gathering for worship, they raid the homes, arrest the leaders, and destroy Bibles. That is what the religious po-lice, the Gestapo police as I call them, in Iran do. Iranians who come to study in the United States and become a Christian, they can’t go back to Iran. They go back to Iran, Iran puts them in jail, and they suddenly disappear. Converts to Christianity face charges of apos-tasy and possible death sentences if they ever return. People who become Christians in Iran, who make that choice as a believer, also know that their days are numbered in Iran if the religious police catch them. In Libya, the Islamic State captured and beheaded 21 people because they were Christians. I don’t think that we should be insensitive to this act of be-heading folks altogether because of their religious faith. We shouldn’t be insensitive because it continues on in Libya as well. In Libya, where they murdered the 21 people, the victims’ families wanted to build a church in their honor. Well, as they were building the church, they were beaten by people who were of the Muslim faith to make sure that that church did not exist. And that is Libya. In Syria, the head of the Franciscans in the Middle East has reported that of the 4,000 inhabitants of the village of Ghassanieh, no more than 10 people re-main in that town, and they have been killed by Assad’s thugs and the mili-tant groups like ISIS. Christians have really got it bad in Syria because ev-erybody is after them. You got ISIS that is after them, and then you got Assad the dictator, the brutal dictator, he kills them as well. Moving on, I want to mention Russia. Russia seems to be something every-body wants to talk about. Why don’t we talk about Russia and what they are doing to Christians today. I went to the Soviet Union back in the 1980s, when it was the Soviet Union. The Soviet Union persecuted people who were religious at all. I mean, if you owned a Bible, you are going to jail. If you tried to worship, you are going to jail. They constantly did that under the Soviet regime of people of any religious faith. Primarily it was Orthodox Christians, and it was also Jews. The wall came down, and now we have Putin in charge. The world needs to understand that Putin is moving in the direction of persecuting people of religious beliefs just like when he was a member of the KGB under the Soviet Union. Putin. I call him the Napoleon of Siberia. So what are they doing? Well, they are starting out with laws requiring missionaries to have a per-mit, and they make house churches il-legal. What is a house church? A house church is where two or three are gath-ered together in a house in the Lord’s name and try to worship. You can’t do that. That is against the law. If you are going to worship, you have to get a permit to worship in a struc-tured building, and only certain reli-gious groups get a permit to even prac-tice any religion. That is difficult in itself. So you have to be in a struc-tured building approved by the govern-ment, and that particular denomina-tion or religious faith has to have a permit to do so. If you are in Russia, you cannot prac-tice religion online. You know, that online happens all over the world ex-cept if you are in Russia, you are not going to be able to promote any type of religion or you are going to jail. This is the greatest threat to Christianity in Russia since the Soviet days. We haven’t heard much about that. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.110 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5370 June 29, 2017 
have heard other things, but this is something that we need to be aware of, the persecution of people because of re-ligious faith. One of my daughters recently went to Russia, and she experienced and saw this very thing that I am talking about. No home church worship serv-ices, only structured buildings where you have the Russian police watching what takes place. So they are moving in a direction like they were under the Soviet days of persecuting people who have religious faith. Putin is taking Khrushchev’s—I am older than you are, Mr. Speaker. I re-member when Khrushchev was here. He made the comment when he was the dictator of the Soviet Union that Christianity will never exist in the So-viet Union. It cannot. I don’t think it can be legislated out, but Khrushchev was determined to make sure that Christianity and other religious faiths did not exist in the Soviet Union. Of course, I believe it will continue whether or not Christians are per-secuted anyway. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have left? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has 12 minutes remaining. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have always thought that people from Texas should get more time because we talk slower, and might even think slower. But, anyway, I appreciate the 12 minutes, and I will use it. Mr. Speaker, I am a cosponsor, and other Members are cosponsors, of a bill that will provide expedited visa protec-tion and processing for Christians and Yazidi refugees from the Middle East. They are targets of genocide in Iraq, Syria, Pakistan, Iran, and Libya, and we hope to expedite visas for those peo-ple who are trying to flee religious per-secution. Hopefully, the President of the United States will address the issues of human rights violations in Vietnam. Members of Congress, including myself, have asked the President to address this when he deals with the country of Vietnam. And, of course, there is other legisla-tion sponsored by Mr. T
RENT FRANKS  from Arizona which calls upon the U.S. to use its influence in the United Na-tions to condemn the ongoing sexual violence against women and children of religious faith. These young women and girls are being sexually assaulted because of their religious faith or their religious beliefs. A lot of that is being done by ISIS. b1915 Mr. Speaker, just a couple of other things. Watchdog groups report that each month 332 Christians are killed by their faith and 214 churches and Chris-tian properties are destroyed. Of course Christians, like other religious minori-ties, have been persecuted for years. A little history is in order here, Mr. Speaker. In this country, we have religious freedom. We are a nation that believes that all people should have religious freedom. When our Forefathers got together and they declared independence from Great Britain, which we will celebrate next Tuesday, and they got together and they wrote the Constitution, they added 10 Amendments to the Constitu-tion. The First Amendment of the Con-stitution is not first by accident. It is first because it is the most important of all rights, and there are five rights in the First Amendment. The first right in the First Amendment is the most important right. Here is what it is, and I will read just a portion of the Constitution, Mr. Speaker: ‘‘Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.’’ Religious freedom is the number one right of Americans. It doesn’t just say to believe what you want to believe. It says you have the right to practice it, to get out there and practice it, even in public, number one. Number two, ‘‘Congress shall make no law . . . prohibiting the free exer-cise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress. . . .’’ There are five rights in the First Amendment. The first one: religious freedom. Many, many people came to this new world seeking religious freedom. That is why they came here, primarily Christian religious freedom. They were being persecuted in Europe. They came to the United States and made sure that we do not persecute people of reli-gious faith. The opposite is true. It is a right. I feel very strongly, as I think most peo-ple do, that it is the first right, and it is the most important right. And it is a human right. It is not just a right for Americans. It is a right for all people. People in Syria, Iran, North Korea, Yemen, and all those countries I men-tioned, those people—who we don’t know who they are—have the right, the human right, of religious freedom. That is a basic right of all people ev-erywhere. I hope that we as a people encourage other people and govern-ments throughout the world: Let folks worship the way they want to worship because it is a human right, and, I be-lieve, that we have gotten it from the Almighty. And the last thing I would comment on is we need to be careful in this coun-try that we don’t end up persecuting by legislation or by the judiciary, infring-ing upon the First Amendment, the first right, of the free exercise of reli-gion. That is a story for another day, Mr. Speaker. So, as we get close to the Fourth of July, the Declaration of Independ-ence—our ancestors got together and said they wanted freedom, and they pledged to themselves and to others their sacred honor. Many of them lost everything, the war between us and England, the biggest and most powerful empire that had ever existed. It took over 7 years, but it was worth it. That is why the Fourth of July is im-portant, because it is a declaration of independence. And it is also, as Thom-as Jefferson said in the Declaration of Independence, a statement of human rights—life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, and that governments are instituted among men to secure those rights. Mr. Speaker, on the Fourth of July, we need to remember our country, re-member the people who lived here and gave us this country, and it is our job to make sure we keep it. And that is just the way it is. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
DEVASTATING IMPACTS ILLEGAL MARIJUANA GROW OPERATIONS ARE HAVING ON OUR NATION’S PUBLIC LANDS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) for 30 minutes. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I have a presentation here, but, first, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
MITH), my friend, who has a very im-portant topic to cover as well. I appre-ciate his friendship and his strong lead-ership on the things that really count around here. 
LIU XIAOBO RESOLUTION  
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my very good friend from California for his gracious-ness in yielding me this time and for his wonderful work as a Member of Congress on human rights and pro-life issues. I thank him for that leadership. Mr. Speaker, tonight, I rise and note to my colleagues that the news of Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo’s diagnosis of terminal liver cancer was a jarring shock to everyone who ad-mires this champion of freedom and de-mocracy. Tonight, the House has under consid-eration an urgent resolution, a truly urgent resolution, H. Con. Res. 67, which I introduced, joined by Ms. P
ELOSI , and several of the members of the Foreign Affairs Committee, she and I together, some bipartisanship in a place where we have had little of it lately. But here we are joined, and we are joined very strongly on behalf of Liu Xiaobo and his dire, dire situation, and that of his wife. The legislation urges the Govern-ment of the People’s Republic of China to unconditionally release Liu Xiaobo, together with his wife, Liu Xia, to allow them to freely meet with friends, family, and counsel, and seek medical treatment wherever they desire. The operative language of the resolu-tion makes it very clear that it recog-nizes Liu Xiaobo for his decades of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.111 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5371 June 29, 2017 
peaceful struggle for basic human rights and democracy and, again, urges that he be able to seek medical care, including treatment in the United States or wherever else he would like to receive it. I want to thank Majority Leader K
EVIN MCCARTHY . This resolution was introduced yesterday. The majority leader made sure that this legislation came to the floor just a few hours ago to ensure that we went on the record as a Congress showing our solidarity of Liu Xiaobo and his wife and our deep, deep compassion and concern for the plight that he finds himself in. I want to thank Speaker R
YAN, who also expressed strong concern for Liu Xiaobo, and, of course, N
ANCY PELOSI  and S
TENY HOYER because this required bipartisan support to bring it up on the UC; and also E
DROYCE , the chairman of the full Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, the famous gentleman from Cali-fornia, and, of course, the ranking member, E
LIOT ENGEL . Mr. Speaker, in February of 2010, I led a bipartisan group of lawmakers nominating Liu Xiaobo for the Nobel Peace Prize and, at the same time, nominating two other persecuted Chi-nese human rights advocates, Chen Guangcheng and Gao Zhisheng, to be joint recipients of this most pres-tigious award. Others, including the great Vaclav Havel, also pushed for Liu to get this important recognition which we had hoped would help push the human rights agenda in China. The Nobel Peace Prize Committee agreed and awarded the Nobel Peace Prize to Liu Xiaobo for his ‘‘long and nonviolent struggle for fundamental human rights in China.’’ I attended the Oslo ceremony, at the invitation of the family, along with Leader P
ELOSI . It was a moving cere-mony, Mr. Speaker. The now famous empty chair spoke volumes about the Chinese Communist Party’s abiding fear that human rights and democracy will undermine its power. There, on the stage, was this chair without the re-cipient of the Nobel Peace Prize. After that, I held several hearings both in the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations and also on the Congressional-Executive Commission on China, which I co-chair with M
ARCO RUBIO. And again, we al-ways had a picture of the empty chair where Liu Xiaobo should have been rightly honored and hopefully freed to pursue the righteousness of his human rights work. He said, in absentia, that day: ‘‘Free-dom of expression is the foundation of human rights, the source of humanity, and the mother of truth. To strangle freedom of speech is to trample on human rights, stifle humanity, and suppress truth.’’ Chinese authorities have gone to great lengths to stifle Liu Xiaobo’s ability to speak truth to power. In 2009, he was given an 11-year prison sentence for ‘‘inciting subversion of state power.’’ His wife, Liu Xia, also was detained in de facto form ‘‘house arrest’’ since 2010. She is in urgent need of medical care, as well, having been hospitalized for a heart condition. Over the past year, authorities have allowed her to visit her husband only on a very few occasions. According to Chinese authorities, Liu’s conviction was based on Charter 08, a treatise signed by over 300 intel-lectuals and activists. That document states that freedom, equality, and human rights are universal values of humankind, and that democracy and constitutional government are the fun-damental framework for protecting these values. Sadly, Liu Xiaobo and Liu Xia, his wife, are not alone in facing unjust re-pression. As of September 2017, the Congressional-Executive Commission on China, which collects and maintains probably the most effective and com-prehensive political database for any country—and this is on China—con-tains information on at least 1,400 cases of known political or religious prisoners. According to the annual report, the government of President Xi Jinping has engaged in an extraordinary as-sault on the rule of law, human rights, ethnic minority groups, and civil soci-ety in recent years. Under Xi’s leadership, the Chinese Government has pushed through new laws and drafted legislation that would legitimize political, religious, and eth-nic repression, further curtail civil lib-erties, and expand censorship of the internet. And the whole issue of the one child, now maybe two child per couple policy, coercion and population control, continues to harm women and children with extreme hurtfulness. It is just beyond the pale of what a govern-ment should be doing to its own people. It is tempting to be pessimistic about China’s future and the future of U.S. relations. Frankly, I am not pessi-mistic, despite the circumstances, be-cause I do believe Liu Xiaobo is the fu-ture, and people who have his belief in fundamental human rights. Mr. Speaker, let me conclude by just saying I believe that someday China will be free; someday the people of China will be able to enjoy all of their God-given rights, and a nation of free Chinese men and women will honor and celebrate Liu Xiaobo as a hero. He will be honored, along with all of the others like him, who have sacrificed so much for so long for freedom. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate Mr. S
MITH for standing up for that important issue and making that known. So, I thank him, and I appre-ciate him joining with us tonight. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to discuss the devastating impacts that illegal marijuana grow operations are having on our public lands—even private lands, as well. As pictured here, this is not an un-common scene in my district in north-ern California, in many of the Western States, or anywhere where people think they can get away with it, where someone may not be paying attention. We see that very often on our Federal lands because, honestly, regretfully, they are not managed very well and they are not managed very often. We hope to see that turn around under this new administration, this new leadership, that U.S. Forest Serv-ice lands have more attention to them, that they are managed more with tim-ber harvest, thinning, things of that nature, to make the forests healthier. This certainly does not cause a healthier situation for our forests, as you see pictured here, the amount of damage that can come from that. I will tell you a little bit about it here. The devastating effects inflicted on the habitat and wildlife due to the non-permitted water diversions, extensive grading of the terrain—which, people in agriculture and construction have to get permits to do grading—and use of illegal toxicants and pesticides pur-chased outside of the United States— chemicals, products you can’t even use here, that haven’t been subjected to an EPA label process that ag chemicals and household chemicals have to do— this is what is coming in and being used on our public lands, poisoning them, poisoning the wildlife, and mak-ing it very dangerous for any people that might go in there. According to the U.S. Fish and Wild-life Service, many threatened and en-dangered species which we are bending over backwards to try to recover, to try to protect, have tested positive for these poisons and other contaminants used at these illegal grow sites. b1930 Preliminary tests of game animals, including birds and deer, have also tested positive for these illegal pes-ticides, again, that are banned by the EPA, not allowed to be used in the United States, haven’t been subject to the labeling requirements that are legal materials that we use in agri-culture and other things that they have gone through. So it is difficult to understand how the Federal Government can spend ex-tensive resources going after farmers, ranchers, miners, whoever for doing legal operations. In agriculture, it might be disking or plowing. In min-ing, it might be panning for gold or normal mining operations. So we have people cultivating their land for food. We have people extract-ing minerals that are needed for our daily lives, whether it is paving a road, driveway, concrete, whatever it might be. We have people legally doing these actions. They are the ones who have been—at least until recent months with the new administration—harassed with rules that hadn’t even been sub-ject to congressional attention. But at the same time, until recent months, this blatant criminal activity has been allowed to stand. Is it because law enforcement can’t go into those—areas they are not au-thorized? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:15 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.113 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5372 June 29, 2017 
I know local law enforcement is real-ly interested in doing this. But it has been a hands-off approach by some of our Federal officials who have either not wanted to put the resources to-gether or haven’t had the wherewithal to put enough of the resources together to go out and enforce on these foreign nationals doing these devastating things to our lands and the danger they cause. What good are these Federal laws and statutes if we do not properly enforce the law to protect our public lands? We are protecting, on one hand, again, the wrong people by inaction; and we are criminalizing normal activ-ity, people farming, ranching, mining, et cetera. The priorities have been backwards. I hope to see a big change in that with the new direction of the new administration. As if the environmental effects are not disturbing enough, the safety of the general public is at risk. Heavily armed drug cartels are using our Na-tional Forest to engage in large-scale illegal grow operations. You can see the haul on some of the weapons that have been taken from some of the raids that have been successfully done. This is pretty dangerous stuff. Somewhere in the picture are people who have grenade-launching devices, if I am not mistaken. So what kind of situation do we have going on where this kind of heavy ar-mament is coming into our forests? And on the other hand, law-abiding, Second Amendment-loving Americans are subject to confiscation, threatening high cost of ammunition, multitudes of anti-gun rhetoric that, again, makes you ask the questions: Who are we pro-tecting and who are we criminalizing? U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, for ex-ample, has been forced to temporarily close refuge units during hunting sea-son to protect the public from stum-bling on to an illegal grow that might be guarded heavily by these criminals with these weapons. In 2012, the DEA’s Domestic Cannabis Eradication/Suppression Report indi-cated more than 10,000 or more illegal firearms seized nationwide in raids. This is the people’s property. The pub-lic should be able to hunt, fish, camp, recreate with their families on it as they wish, safe from this criminal ac-tivity. Unfortunately, the number of illegal grow sites on Federal lands continues to rise at an alarming rate. Even in States that have legalized marijuana for recreational use, like California— regrettably—and Colorado, they still are doing the illegal grows in lands that are in States that have so far le-galized marijuana. According to the U.S. Forest Service, in 2016, the Pacific Southwest region saw a 52 percent increase in marijuana production on Forest Service lands compared to a previous year. So maybe the answer hasn’t been in legalizing marijuana grows. The activ-ity is still going on. It is still a sought- after market for those people who want to be using it. While the statistics seem staggering, it is believed that the true number of illegal grows on Federal lands is actu-ally much higher than that 10,000 fig-ure, much higher than what has been documented, much higher than the 52 percent increase that we are talking about. So with the heavy rainfall that the Western States saw this winter— thankfully, we have gotten the rain— the regions are expecting an even high-er surge of illegal marijuana produc-tion on the people’s public lands. The law enforcement capabilities of the U.S. Forest Service, the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Bureau of Land Management are not currently equipped to handle an issue of this high magnitude. These law enforcement of-ficers are doing what they can with the resources allotted and the permission they are allowed by their higher-ups, but we need much more additional means and support to develop a coordi-nated approach to enforce against these foreign nationals and others that are doing these illegal grows, despite what the public might be wanting with legalized marijuana in their own grows. While confronting the challenges of illegal marijuana cultivation in our National Forests is a large under-taking, it is important that we face this head on. Strong enforcement needs to come from the Federal Government that is supposed to be overseeing these lands. So we are talking about scenes like this right here. This is what is al-lowed to happen. That is why criminalizing people doing legal activities, such as farming, ranching, mining, what have you, for tiny, very narrow occasional viola-tions, this is what is being fostered out there. Look at this. The trash that is allowed to happen; empty chemical containers; everything else involved in the grow; people camping up there ille-gally, because the Federal Govern-ment, until recently, does not seem to have an interest in enforcing against these illegal grows. Protecting our public lands from these destructive environmental threats, making sure our National For-ests are safe for the public’s use, for the habitat, for the wildlife, these are of key importance. This is what the public demands that we do. It is our job to keep the public safe and the lands, as well, in good stewardship. Much more needs to be done. The Department of the Interior, the Department of Agriculture, they have immediate jurisdiction over these. They need to allow and partner with local law enforcement as well, who knows the lands better than anybody in Washington, D.C., ever would. And I don’t need to remind you once again that marijuana is still classified, Federally, as an illegal drug. So these States—no matter how the voters have been duped, coerced, overwhelmed with dollars at the ballot box and on cam-paigns, this is still an illegal drug. It is an illegal activity that has been going on. So I hope what we are hearing from the Department of Justice—they will be looking really hard at whether this is even a legal activity in States that have been legalizing marijuana, and the harmful effects it is going to have on society as this stuff gets more pow-erful, more potent, and more available to kids. We have a job to do. It all starts right here: taking care of these lands, the habitat and environment for wild-life that we all care about, the habitat for people, and the water quality. What is going to come out of here as the water runs downstream through this stuff? What is that going to mean for our streams, rivers, lakes, to the water supplies that the people draw from here, that the animals draw from here? It is not good. So the Federal Gov-ernment needs to take a stronger ap-proach, whether it is DOJ, in concert with the Department of the Interior and the Department of Agriculture, and that input from local law enforce-ment in local communities. This could be a very good team operation if we are allowed to do it and we aggressively go after that. I am seeing the seeds of that in the conversations that are coming out of our agencies here in Washington, D.C. Let’s push forward on that and let’s hear from the American public on mak-ing this happen as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 o’clock and 39 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, July 3, 2017, at 11 a.m. 
f 
OATH FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the fol-lowing Members executed the oath for access to classified information: K
AREN C. H ANDEL  R
ALPH NORMAN  
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1805. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Joseph W. Rixey, United States Navy, and his ad-vancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29JN7.115 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5373 June 29, 2017 
1806. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Thomas J. Trask, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieuten-ant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 1807. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing nine officers to wear the insignia of the grade of brigadier general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); to the Committee on Armed Services. 1808. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Michelle D. Johnson, United States Air Force, and her advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursu-ant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 1809. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting the Air Force’s pro-posed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of India, Transmittal No. 17-33, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1810. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting the Air Force’s pro-posed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of Australia, Transmittal No. 17-12, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 1811. A letter from the Bureau of Legisla-tive Affairs, Department of State, transmit-ting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-106, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1812. A letter from the Bureau of Legisla-tive Affairs, Department of State, transmit-ting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-122, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1813. A letter from the Bureau of Legisla-tive Affairs, Department of State, transmit-ting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-132, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1814. A letter from the Bureau of Legisla-tive Affairs, Department of State, transmit-ting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-138, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1815. A letter from the Bureau of Legisla-tive Affairs, Department of State, transmit-ting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-003, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1816. A letter from the Bureau of Legisla-tive Affairs, Department of State, transmit-ting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-004, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1817. A letter from the Bureau of Legisla-tive Affairs, Department of State, transmit-ting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-007, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1818. A letter from the Bureau of Legisla-tive Affairs, Department of State, transmit-ting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-011, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1819. A letter from the Bureau of Legisla-tive Affairs, Department of State, transmit-ting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-019, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1820. A letter from the Bureau of Legisla-tive Affairs, Department of State, transmit-ting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-023, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1821. A letter from the Bureau of Legisla-tive Affairs, Department of State, transmit-ting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-034, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1822. A letter from the Bureau of Legisla-tive Affairs, Department of State, transmit-ting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-013, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1823. A letter from the Bureau of Legisla-tive Affairs, Department of State, transmit-ting Transmittal No. DDTC 16-064, pursuant to Section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1824. A letter from the Senior Vice Presi-dent and Chief Financial Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, transmitting the 2016 management report of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York and financial statements, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 9106(a)(1); Public Law 97-258 (as amended by Public Law 101-576, Sec. 306(a)) (104 Stat. 2854); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1825. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s Semiannual Report of the In-spector General and the Agency Response for the period of October 1, 2016, to March 31, 2017, in accordance with Sec. 5 of Public Law 94-452, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1826. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Interior, transmitting notification that the Department issued payments to eli-gible local governments under the Payments In Lieu of Taxes (PILT) Program; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 1827. A letter from the Acting Deputy As-sistant Administrator for Regulatory Pro-grams, NMFS, Office of Protected Resources, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Adminis-tration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Taking and Importing Marine Mammals; Taking Marine Mammals Inci-dental to Waterfront Construction [Docket No.: 160830798-7517-02] (RIN: 0648-BG32) re-ceived June 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 1828. A letter from the Director, Adminis-trative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting the Court’s annual report to Congress concerning intercepted wire, oral, or electronic communications, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 2519(3); Public Law 90-351, Sec. 802 (as amended by Public Law 111-174, Sec. 6(3)); (124 Stat. 1217); to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 3104. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to make grants to States to sup-port the establishment and operation of gro-cery stores in underserved communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture. By Mr. M
CGOVERN (for himself and Mr. K
INGof New York): H.R. 3105. A bill to establish a Federal Task Force to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania (for himself, Mr. PALLONE , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. M EEHAN , and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 3106. A bill to amend the Safe Drink-ing Water Act to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to publish a maximum contaminant level goal and promulgate a national primary drinking water regulation for perfluorinated com-pounds (including perfluorooctanesulfonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid), and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. R EED, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. M
ESSER , and Mr. L OWENTHAL ): H.R. 3107. A bill to reauthorize the diesel emissions reduction program; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. FARENTHOLD (for himself, Mr. P
ALAZZO , and Mr. L OWENTHAL ): H.R. 3108. A bill to strengthen Federal con-sumer protection and product traceability with respect to commercially marketed sea-food, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Agriculture, Natural Resources, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. L
AHOOD (for himself, Mr. R
USH, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. B
OST, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. K
INZINGER , Mrs. B USTOS , and Mr. T
AYLOR ): H.R. 3109. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C LAY, Mr. R OYCE of California, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. K IL-
DEE, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. M ESSER , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. R OSS, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , and Mr. K IHUEN ): H.R. 3110. A bill to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to modify the term of the independent member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. LEVIN (for himself, Mr. N
EAL, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois): H.R. 3111. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage of dental, vision, and hearing care under the Medicare program; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29JN7.000 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5374 June 29, 2017 
By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself and Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska): H.R. 3112. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to provide an option to claim a delayed retirement credit in a par-tial lump sum, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania (for himself and Mr. C
ROW-
LEY): H.R. 3113. A bill to require the chief elec-tion officials of the States to provide voter registration forms at certain naturalization proceedings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. AMASH (for himself, Mr. J
OR-
DAN, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. B RAT, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. B UCK, Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. L ABRADOR , and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 3114. A bill to abolish the Export-Im-port Bank of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. NOLAN (for himself, Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. E MMER , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. L EWIS of Min-nesota, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK , and Mr. G OSAR ): H.R. 3115. A bill to provide for a land ex-change involving Federal land in the Supe-rior National Forest in Minnesota acquired by the Secretary of Agriculture through the Weeks Law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself and Mr. W
OODALL ): H.R. 3116. A bill to allow railroad employ-ees to remain on duty as necessary to clear a blockage of vehicular traffic at grade crossings; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia (for himself, Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. M CKIN-
LEY, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. F LORES , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. C OLE, Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. M OONEY  of West Virginia): H.R. 3117. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of Energy, the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency, the Secretary of the Interior, and the Chair of the Council on Environmental Quality from considering the social cost of carbon, the social cost of meth-ane, or the social cost of nitrous oxide, in taking any action, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California): H.R. 3118. A bill to prevent further access of Iran and Hizballah into the Western Hemi-sphere, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Financial Services, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. E STYof Con-necticut, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. R USH, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. P AYNE , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, and Ms. T
ITUS): H.R. 3119. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to pro-vide grants to local educational agencies to encourage girls and underrepresented mi-norities to pursue studies and careers in science, mathematics, engineering, and tech-nology; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BURGESS (for himself, Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. T IBERI , and Mr. T HOMP -
SONof California): H.R. 3120. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to reduce the volume of future electronic health record-related sig-nificant hardship requests; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. C OURT -
NEY, Mr. M ESSER , Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER , Ms. R OSEN , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. E VANS , Ms. M
ENG, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, Ms. F
RANKEL of Flor-ida, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. B
ERA, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. C RIST, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali-fornia, Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. K
ILMER ): H.R. 3121. A bill to require the purchase of domestically made flags of the United States of America for use by the Federal Govern-ment; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. R
ENACCI ): H.R. 3122. A bill to protect individuals who are eligible for increased pension under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs on the basis of need of regular aid and attendance from dishonest, predatory, or otherwise unlawful practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C OSTA , Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Mr. J ONES , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. S OTO, and Mr. S
WALWELL of California): H.R. 3123. A bill to award a Congressional gold medal, collectively, to the First Rhode Island Regiment, in recognition of their dedicated service during the Revolutionary War; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. D
EGETTE (for herself, Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, Mr. R EED, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN): H.R. 3124. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to reduce the occurrence of diabetes in Medicare beneficiaries by ex-tending coverage under Medicare for medical nutrition therapy services to such bene-ficiaries with pre-diabetes or with risk fac-tors for developing type 2 diabetes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 3125. A bill to provide for the issuance of a commemorative postage stamp in honor of Ebenezer D. Bassett, the first African- American diplomat; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DEUTCH: H.R. 3126. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a credit to indi-viduals for legal expenses paid with respect to establishing guardianship of a family member with disabilities; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself, Mr. M
CKINLEY , and Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia): H.R. 3127. A bill to amend section 111 of the Clean Air Act to exclude energy efficiency projects, pollution control projects, and reli-ability projects from the definition of a modification; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself, Mr. M
CKINLEY , and Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia): H.R. 3128. A bill to amend section 111 of the Clean Air Act to clarify when a physical change in, or change in the method of oper-ation of, a stationary source constitutes a modification, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. HECK (for himself, Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. K
IND): H.R. 3129. A bill to direct the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund to perform an outreach program for the new markets tax credit to underserved commu-nities, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself and Mr. D
ESAULNIER ): H.R. 3130. A bill to amend the National and Community Service Act of 1990 to promote active citizenship, including volunteerism, community dialogue, and service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Energy and Commerce, Foreign Affairs, and Vet-erans’ Affairs, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUIZENGA: H.R. 3131. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to conform citizen suits under that Act with other existing law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia (for him-self, Mrs. T
ORRES , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29JN7.100 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5375 June 29, 2017 
CICILLINE , Ms. B ASS, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida): H.R. 3132. A bill to amend the Help Amer-ica Vote Act of 2002 to promote accuracy, in-tegrity, and security in the administration of elections for Federal office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Admin-istration, and in addition to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana (for himself, Mr. D
UNCAN of South Caro-lina, Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia): H.R. 3133. A bill to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to reduce un-necessary permitting delays by clarifying as-sociated procedures to increase economic de-velopment and support coastal restoration programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-vania, Ms. F
UDGE , Ms. J AYAPAL , and Ms. P
INGREE ): H.R. 3134. A bill to direct Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment and the Director of Federal Housing Finance Agency to develop a program to pro-vide assistance to creditworthy borrowers with Federal student debt in purchasing cer-tain foreclosed homes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. KEATING (for himself and Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California): H.R. 3135. A bill to authorize the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency to make grants to consortia of States and communities to hire individuals to coordinate the Community Rating System program under the National Flood Insurance Program for the States and communities who are members of the consortia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finan-cial Services. By Mr. KENNEDY (for himself, Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. N
EAL, and Mr. B YRNE ): H.R. 3136. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to permit fellowship and stipend compensation to be saved in an indi-vidual retirement account; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KILDEE (for himself, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , and Mr. T EDLIEU of California): H.R. 3137. A bill to amend the Carl D. Per-kins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 to increase the participation of women in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics occupations; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. KIND (for himself, Ms. J
ENKINS  of Kansas, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. L AMALFA , Mrs. T
ORRES , and Mr. C OLE): H.R. 3138. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to treat Indian tribal gov-ernments in the same manner as State gov-ernments for certain Federal tax purposes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. F RANKS of Ari-zona, Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. B UCK, and Mr. G
OHMERT ): H.R. 3139. A bill to provide that silencers be treated the same as firearms accessories; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut (for himself, Ms. ADAMS , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. B
ASS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B ERA, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massa-chusetts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C LY-
BURN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. D
EUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. M ICHAEL  F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. E LLI-
SON, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. E
STYof Connecticut, Mr. E VANS , Mr. F
OSTER , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IG-
GINS of New York, Mr. H IMES, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHN-
SONof Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Geor-gia, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. L
YNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. M OORE , Mr. M
OULTON , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. N
ADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N
EAL, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R
ASKIN , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. S
ABLAN , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, Mr. S IRES, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S
OTO, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. T HOMP -
SON of California, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T
ONKO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. V ELA, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mr. Y
ARMUTH ): H.R. 3140. A bill to establish a National and Community Service Administration to carry out the national and volunteer service pro-grams, to expand participation in such pro-grams, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LONG (for himself and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ): H.R. 3141. A bill to require a Federal agen-cy to include language in certain edu-cational and advertising materials indi-cating that such materials are produced and disseminated at taxpayer expense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself, Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, and Mr. D
ELANEY ): H.R. 3142. A bill to establish the Appa-lachian Forest National Heritage Area, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. M
CKINLEY (for himself and Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia): H.R. 3143. A bill to amend the Energy Pol-icy Act of 2005 to make certain strategic en-ergy infrastructure projects eligible for cer-tain loan guarantees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS (for herself, Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. W
ALDEN ): H.R. 3144. A bill to provide for operations of the Federal Columbia River Power System pursuant to a certain operation plan for a specified period of time, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. MESSER (for himself, Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH , Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. B ANKS  of Indiana, Ms. S
INEMA , and Mr. H
ULTGREN ): H.R. 3145. A bill to provide the legal frame-work and income tax treatment necessary for the growth of innovative private financ-ing options, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, Armed Services, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 3146. A bill to direct the United States Trade Representative to initiate negotia-tions with the Government of the Republic of Turkey to seek to enter into a bilateral free trade agreement with Turkey; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 3147. A bill to amend the PROTECT Act to make Indian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert grants; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. NOLAN (for himself and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29JN7.100 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5376 June 29, 2017 
H.R. 3148. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide for limitations on duty hours for yardmaster employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself, Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania): H.R. 3149. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide credits for the production of renewable chemicals and in-vestments in renewable chemical production facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PERLMUTTER (for himself and Mr. P
OLIS): H.R. 3150. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, with respect to helicopter crash resistant fuel systems, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 3151. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 to reduce waste, fraud, and abuse in the supplemental nutrition as-sistance program; to the Committee on Agri-culture. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. H ECK, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. J
AYAPAL , and Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington): H.R. 3152. A bill to require full spending of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, to pro-vide for expanded uses of the Fund, and to prevent cargo diversion, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RICE of South Carolina (for himself and Mr. K
IND): H.R. 3153. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide uniform stand-ards for the use of electronic signatures for third-party disclosure authorizations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RICHMOND (for himself, Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, and Mr. C
ONYERS ): H.R. 3154. A bill to amend the Inspector General Act of 1978 relative to the powers of the Department of Justice Inspector Gen-eral; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. SCHRADER (for himself, Mr. W
ALDEN , and Mr. D EFAZIO): H.R. 3155. A bill to amend the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 to modify the authorized uses of certain county funds and to extend the dead-line for participating counties to initiate projects and obligate funds; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 3156. A bill to establish the Water Science Centers within the United States Ge-ological Survey; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. SUOZZI: H.R. 3157. A bill to improve the handling of instances of sexual harassment, dating vio-lence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking at the United States Merchant Ma-rine Academy and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, and Transportation and In-frastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 3158. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the authorities of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire, re-cruit, and train employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and En-ergy and Commerce, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 3159. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to reduce the taxable es-tate by the value of certain family-owned business interests; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (for herself, Mr. ELLISON , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. H ECK, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas): H.R. 3160. A bill to transform neighbor-hoods of extreme poverty by reforming the public housing demolition and disposition rules to require one-for-one replacement and tenant protections, and to provide public housing agencies with additional resources and flexibility to preserve public housing units, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mr. WELCH (for himself, Mr. K
ELLY  of Pennsylvania, and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire): H.R. 3161. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to include biomass heating appliances for tax credits available for en-ergy-efficient building property and energy property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida (for her-self, Mr. C
OOPER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. C
OSTA ): H.J. Res. 107. A joint resolution proposing a balanced budget amendment to the Con-stitution of the United States; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. L
EE, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. N
ORCROSS , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. C OURTNEY , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. P AL-
LONE , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. H ECK, Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Ms. A
DAMS ): H. Con. Res. 68. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the over-time rule published in the Federal Register by the Secretary of Labor on May 23, 2016, would provide millions of workers with greater economic security and was a legally valid exercise of the authority of the Sec-retary under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey): H. Res. 422. A resolution urging adherence to the ‘‘one country, two systems’’ policy as prescribed in the Joint Declaration between the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and the Government of the People’s Republic of China on the Question of the Hong Kong; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. BROWN of Maryland (for him-self, Mr. BEYER , Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. H OYER , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L
EE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Mr. S EAN PAT-
RICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. M
OORE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. P AL-
LONE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. S AR-
BANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Ms. B
ASS): H. Res. 423. A resolution condemning in the strongest terms the unprovoked and racially motivated murder of Lt. Richard W. Collins III in College Park, Maryland, on May 20, 2017, expressing concern for the rising tide of racist and hate-based activities being com-mitted on our college campuses, and re-affirming our support for inclusion, diver-sity, and safety in our higher education in-stitutions in the wake of these attacks; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. D
EFAZIO (for himself, Mr. S HU-
STER , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, and Mr. L
OBIONDO ): H. Res. 424. A resolution congratulating the National Air Traffic Controllers Associa-tion (in this resolution referred to as ‘‘NATCA’’) on the celebration of its 30th an-niversary and recognizing its members’ vital contributions to the United States and our National Airspace System; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. ESPAILLAT (for himself, Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. M EEKS , Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. M ENG, and Mr. E NGEL ): H. Res. 425. A resolution supporting the protection of the name Harlem; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C ORREA , Ms. L
EE, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. P
ANETTA , and Ms. T ITUS): H. Res. 426. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Secretary of Defense should review sec-tion 504 of title 10, United States Code, for purposes related to enlisting certain aliens in the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H. Res. 427. A resolution protecting Reli-gious Freedom in America; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:32 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29JN7.100 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5377 June 29, 2017 
By Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
ONKO , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. K IND, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. E
VANS , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. L OF-
GREN , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. K ING of New York, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. K IL-
MER, and Mr. L ANCE ): H. Res. 428. A resolution expressing support for the designation of ‘‘National Eating Dis-orders Awareness Week’’ and supporting the goals and ideals to raise awareness and un-derstanding of eating disorders; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. NOLAN: H. Res. 429. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the need for Congress to have the power to implement and enforce limits on when money can be spent on campaign activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
73. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Senate of the State of Louisiana, rel-ative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 67 memorializing the Congress to pass legisla-tion or adopt policies allowing Louisiana to manage the Gulf of Mexico red snapper fish-ery out to two hundred nautical miles off the coast of Louisiana; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 74. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Louisiana, relative to Senate Con-current Resolution No. 136, memorializing the Congress to review federal laws, rules, regulations, and procedures to ensure that veterans and their family members have con-venient access to military service and med-ical records; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 75. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Louisiana, relative to Senate Con-current Resolution No. 120, memorializing the Congress to take such actions as are nec-essary to support the domestic beef industry; jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Agriculture. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 3104. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of Article I of the Con-stitution. By Mr. M
CGOVERN: H.R. 3105. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 3106. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The General Welfare Clause: Article I, section 8 of the U.S. Constitution grants Congress the power to ‘‘lay and col-lect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 3107. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution, which states that ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. FARENTHOLD: H.R. 3108. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section, 8. By Mr. LAHOOD: H.R. 3109. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 7 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . estalish Post Offices and post Roads . . .’’ By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 3110. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; By Mr. LEVIN: H.R. 3111. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 3112. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Con-stitution, to ‘‘provide for the common de-fense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Penn-sylvania: H.R. 3113. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The General Welfare Clause: Article I, section 8 of the U.S. Constitution grants Congress the power to ‘‘lay and col-lect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. AMASH: H.R. 3114. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the implied power to repeal laws that exceed its constitutional authority as well as laws within its constitutional au-thority. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 3115. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Con-stitution, which gives Congress the power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 3116. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia: H.R. 3117. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina: H.R. 3118. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mrs. BEATTY: H.R. 3119. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution which grants Congress the power to regulate Commerce with for-eign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 3120. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 3121. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 3122. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-stitution states that Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 12: To raise and support Ar-mies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years. Article I, Section 8, Clause 13: To provide and maintain a Navy. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 3123. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. D
EGETTE: H.R. 3124. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 3125. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. DEUTCH: H.R. 3126. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 3127. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:49 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29JN7.100 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5378 June 29, 2017 
This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 3128. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. HECK: H.R. 3129. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 3130. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or office there-of. By Mr. HUIZENGA: H.R. 3131. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia: H.R. 3132. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Const. Art. I, Section 8, Clause 18; U.S. Const., Amend X By Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana: H.R. 3133. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. KAPTUR: H.R. 3134. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. KEATING: H.R. 3135. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KENNEDY: H.R. 3136. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 (relating to the power of Congress to provide for the general wel-fare of the United States) and Clause 18 (re-lating to the power to make all laws nec-essary and proper for carrying out the pow-ers vested in congress). By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 3137. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. KIND: H.R. 3138. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7, Clause 1 ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall orginate in the House of Representatives’’ By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 3139. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 2nd Amendment of the US Constitution By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: H.R. 3140. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States of America By Mr. LONG: H.R. 3141. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States or in any Department of Officer thereof. Article I, Section 9—No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Con-sequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 3142. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2: The Con-gress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States. By Mr. M
CKINLEY: H.R. 3143. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States but all duties, imposts, and ex-cises shall be uniform throughout. By Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS: H.R. 3144. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional authority in which this bill rests is the power of the Congress to reg-ulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 as applied to waterways for the development of hydroelectric power and flood control. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 3145. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 3 By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 3146. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, which states that ‘‘Congress shall have the power . . . [t]o regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations . . .’’ and that ‘‘Congress shall have the power . . . [t]o make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 3147. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. NOLAN: H.R. 3148. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Sec. 8, Clause 3 By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 3149. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PERLMUTTER: H.R. 3150. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. POLIQUIN: H.R. 3151. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 grants Congress the power to ‘‘regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states.’’ By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 3152. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Con-gress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ By Mr. RICE of South Carolina: H.R. 3153. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, du-ties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and gen-eral welfare of the United States; but all du-ties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. RICHMOND: H.R. 3154. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is introduced pursuant to the powers granted to Congress under the Gen-eral Welfare Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 1), the Commerce Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 3), and the Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. 1 Sec. 8 Cl. 18). Further, this statement of constitutional authority is made for the sole purpose of compliance with clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives and shall have no bearing on judicial review ofthe accompanying bill. By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 3155. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under: U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 1; By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 3156. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SUOZZI: H.R. 3157. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department or Officer there-of’’ By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 3158. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:49 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.035 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H5379 June 29, 2017 
By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 3159. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. CONST. art. I, §1 By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia: H.R. 3160. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 and Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 3161. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. MURPHY of Florida: H.J. Res. 107. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V of the Constitution, which pro-vides as follows: ‘‘The Congress, whenever two thirds of both houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Constitution, or, on the application of the legislatures of two thirds of the several states, shall call a convention for proposing amendments, which, in either case, shall be valid to all in-tents and purposes, as part of this Constitu-tion, when ratified by the legislatures of three fourths of the several states, or by con-ventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other mode of ratification may be pro-posed by the Congress ....  ‘ ‘  f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 40: Ms. B ASS. H.R. 113: Mr. P
ANETTA , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mrs. T
ORRES , and Ms. H ANABUSA , H.R. 173: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 233: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. E VANS , Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 299: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 305: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 367: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 422: Mr. C
RAMER , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. B ARTON , and Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 449: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. R USH, and Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 489: Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 490: Mr. B
UCHANAN , Mr. T HOMAS J. R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , and Mr. R OTHFUS . H.R. 502: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 525: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 545: Mr. M
ARCHANT and Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 619: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 631: Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. L
ANCE , and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 664: Mr. M
ACARTHUR and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 721: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 747: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 754: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C ARSON of In- diana, Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. S
IMPSON , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. RUSSELL , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 767: Ms. E
SHOO and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 778: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 785: Mr. P
ALMER . H.R. 807: Mr. V
ELA, Mrs. D INGELL and Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 820: Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. F
ASO, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 825: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 846: Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. L OEBSACK , and Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 873: Mr. B
RADY of Texas, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. Y OUNG of Alas- ka, Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. R
EED. H.R. 911: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 930: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R OSKAM , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mrs. L
OWEY , and Mr. R EED. H.R. 959: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 986: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 1017: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1057: Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 1058: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 1094: Mr. M
EEKS and Ms. G ABBARD . H.R. 1116: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 1141: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 1143: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 1173: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 1225: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor- ida. H.R. 1231: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 1251: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1261: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 1264: Mr. H
URDand Mr. W ALBERG . H.R. 1276: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 1318: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 1361: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 1413: Mr. C
LEAVER . H.R. 1421: Mr. S
CHIFF , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 1456: Mr. T
IPTON and Mr. D ENT. H.R. 1472: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. L
OEBSACK , and Mr. K IND. H.R. 1494: Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
ONKO , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. D ESANTIS , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. W IL-
LIAMS , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C ULBER -
SON, and Mr. N EAL. H.R. 1511: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 1528: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1539: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1550: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 1554: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR . H.R. 1568: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa and Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 1575: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1661: Ms. D
ELAURO and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 1676: Mr. M
CCAULand Mr. C RIST. H.R. 1683: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1686: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 1697: Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 1698: Mr. P
EARCE and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 1699: Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. L UCAS , and Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 1731: Mr. D
ENT and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1772: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 1777: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 1810: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 1820: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 1881: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 1889: Ms. M
ENG, Mr. N OLAN , and Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 1904: Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 1928: Mr. K
ING of New York, Mr. S
ABLAN , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 1960: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 1963: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 1987: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 1989: Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 2010: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2049: Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 2061: Mr. G
ENE GREEN of Texas and Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 2069: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 2076: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , and Mr. R ICHMOND . H.R. 2092: Mr. M
ARINO and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 2142: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER and Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 2147: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 2150: Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. H ECK, Mr. B
ACON , Mr. K INZINGER , and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2152: Mr. P
ALMER . H.R. 2158: Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 2228: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 2259: Mr. B
EYER , Mr. R USH, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 2287: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia and Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 2309: Mr. D
EFAZIO and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 2315: Mr. J
ORDAN , Mr. C RIST, and Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 2327: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
ESSER , Mrs. L OWEY , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 2341: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 2386: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 2394: Mr. R
ENACCI . H.R. 2418: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2422: Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C
LEAVER , Ms. L OFGREN , and Ms. M CCOL-
LUM. H.R. 2431: Mrs. N
OEMand Mr. F ERGUSON . H.R. 2482: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 2501: Mr. M
ACARTHUR and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2515: Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. B UDD, and Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 2519: Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. F
LORES , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C LEAVER , Ms. C
HENEY , and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 2550: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 2595: Mr. C
OFFMAN and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 2603: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana and Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 2633: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 2646: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 2651: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 2670: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 2687: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 2695: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mr. S MITH of Washington. H.R. 2696: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 2701: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. K
EATING , Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2711: Mr. C
LEAVER and Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2712: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 2732: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. F
LORES , and Mr. D UNN. H.R. 2740: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio and Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 2746: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2777: Mr. S
WALWELL of California and Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 2826: Mrs. N
OEM. H.R. 2827: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 2838: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 2839: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 2851: Mr. M
ARINO and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 2854: Mrs. L
OWEY . H.R. 2858: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 2862: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER and Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 2870: Ms. S
TEFANIK and Mr. T IPTON . H.R. 2871: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 2901: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , and Mr. D ELANEY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:49 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.039 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH5380 June 29, 2017 
H.R. 2902: Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2909: Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. H UNTER , Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. E STES of Kansas, and Mr. M
CCAUL. H.R. 2913: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 2915: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 2918: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 2948: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. E MMER , Mr. D
ELANEY , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. W IL-
LIAMS , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 2967: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 2989: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER . H.R. 2994: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. G
IBBS. H.R. 2996: Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, and Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 2997: Mr. S
MUCKER , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. F ASO, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. M
AST, Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. B IGGS, Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. C
RAWFORD , and Mr. W OODALL . H.R. 2999: Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 3000: Mr. T
ROTT and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 3030: Ms. S
PEIER and Mr. K INZINGER . H.R. 3031: Ms. N
ORTON , H.R. 3040: Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3059: Mrs. B
EATTY , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. BASS, Mr. M CEACHIN , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. C
ONYERS , and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 3087: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 3088: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 3097: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. B RAT, Mr. N UNES , Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. S
IMPSON , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. S MITH of Ne- braska, Mr. T
IPTON , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. C
OOK, Mr. C ALVERT , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. C AR-
TERof Texas, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. O LSON , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. S TEW-
ART. H.R. 3101: Mr. C
ORREA , Ms. W ILSON of Flor- ida, and Mr. E
VANS . H.J. Res. 31: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.J. Res. 102: Mr. W
ELCH . H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. B
ARTON . H. Con. Res. 34: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi- nois. H. Con. Res. 57: Mr. N
UNES . H. Res. 15: Mr. E
VANS . H. Res. 28: Mr. E
VANS and Mr. J ONES . H. Res. 128: Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. M AST, Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. E
VANS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. W ALZ, and Mrs. W AGNER . H. Res. 220: Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H. Res. 257: Mr. O
LSON . H. Res, 259: Mr. Z
ELDIN and Mr. K EATING . H. Res. 271: Mr. L
AMALFA . H. Res. 274: Mr. L
IPINSKI and Mr. C ICILLINE . H. Res. 279: Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee and Mr. S
CHIFF . H. Res. 296: Ms. L
OFGREN . H. Res. 307: Mr. R
OTHFUS and Mr. G OSAR . H. Res. 317: Ms. W
ILSON of Florida and Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H. Res. 376: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H. Res. 399: Mr. G
IBBS and Mr. O LSON , H. Res, 400: Mr. C
OSTA , Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. S ANFORD , Ms. D
ELBENE, and Mr. H ULTGREN . H. Res. 407: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 60: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H. Res. 353: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:49 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN7.025 H29JNPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3837 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 29, 2017 No. 112 
Senate 
The Senate met at 11 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, source of all goodness, use our lawmakers today for Your glory. Make them undaunted people who strive to know Your will and expe-rience Your power. Provide them with exactly what they need to accomplish Your purposes. May they receive Heav-en’s approbation for their faithful serv-ice to You and country. Lord, trans-form their intractable problems with solutions from Your throne. We com-mit the work of this day to You, re-ceiving Your strength to honor Your Name. And, Lord, we thank You for the faithfulness of our summer pages. Bless these young people as they prepare to leave us. We pray in Your generous Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S UL-
LIVAN ). The President pro tempore. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S. 1460 Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I under-stand that there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1460) to provide for the mod-ernization of the energy and natural re-sources policies of the United States, and for other purposes. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I object to further proceedings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the Rao nomination, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Neomi Rao, of the District of Columbia, to be Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until the cloture vote will be equally divided be-tween the two leaders or their des-ignees. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The majority leader is recognized. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, Senators and the White House are con-tinuing discussions on the path forward for bringing relief from ObamaCare and its collapsing markets. We have made good progress, and we will keep work-ing. As we do, our focus will remain on the major ObamaCare problems that continue to hurt Americans all across our country. Under ObamaCare, premiums have skyrocketed. Over the past several years, ObamaCare has caused pre-miums to climb by an average of 105 percent in the vast majority of States on the Federal exchange, and it has caused them to triple in some States. Next year, ObamaCare is expected to raise premiums again, as high as 30 percent or greater in States like Con-necticut and Virginia, by as much as 40 percent or greater in Maine and Iowa, and by as much as an astonishing 80 percent in New Mexico. Obviously, Americans deserve a lot better than that. Under ObamaCare, choices have di-minished, even disappeared, in States all across our country. ObamaCare has left 70 percent of counties with little or no insurance options on the exchanges this year. Even worse, next year, doz-ens more counties could have zero choice at all—potentially leaving thou-sands trapped, forced by law to pur-chase ObamaCare insurance but left without the means to do so. For in-stance, as we learned just yesterday, as many as 14 of Nevada’s 17 counties could now be left without any insur-ance options under ObamaCare at all in 2018. Americans deserve a lot better than that. Under ObamaCare, mandates have forced families into plans they don’t want or can’t afford, preferred doctors have become less accessible to many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.000 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3838 June 29, 2017 
patients, and plans have grown less de-sirable but more extensive. Americans deserve better than that. That is why we are continuing to work hard. Fixing ObamaCare’s failures and protecting families from its consequences is not an easy task. It is disappointing that our Demo-cratic colleagues made clear early on that they were not interested in join-ing our efforts in a serious, comprehen-sive manner, especially given how many of their constituents have been hurt by the law they themselves voted for and continue—continue—to defend. The Republican conference continues to work through solutions to help those who have been hurt by this fail-ing system because, as we can all agree, ObamaCare’s status quo is sim-ply unsustainable and unacceptable. We have to act, and we are. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to complete my re-marks before the vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING ARTHUR J . JACKSON  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, we lost another great American this month with the passing of Arthur J. Jackson. He received the Medal of Honor in 1945 for his service in the Pacific theater of World War II. His name may not be as familiar as it once was. In retirement, he lived a quiet life. I didn’t want to let his death pass without paying tribute to him, his family, and the extraor-dinary acts of courage with which he defended our country. Although, to be sure, ‘‘extraordinary’’ doesn’t really describe the half of it. It was September 1944, and Private Jackson, a 19-year-old Ohio native, was serving with the 3rd Battalion, 7th Ma-rines, 1st Marine Division on the island of Peleliu. Their mission sounded sim-ple enough: Take the island as quickly as possible, inch ever closer to retaking the Philippines, and ultimately defeat Japan. Simple it wasn’t. His platoon was hailed by a steady stream of fire from a heavily fortified position. To charge forward would be to march toward cer-tain death, and that is exactly what he did. He attacked a pillbox, holding about 35 enemy soldiers, and as his Medal of Honor citation reads, ‘‘[P]ouring his automatic fire into the opening of the fixed installation to trap the occupying troops, he hurled white phosphorus grenades and explo-sive charges brought up by a fellow Ma-rine, demolishing the pillbox and kill-ing all of the enemy.’’ The enemy fire continued unabated, his cover was light at best, and yet Pri-vate Jackson proceeded to storm one position after another—wiping out a total of 12 pillboxes and 50 enemy sol-diers. It was a stunning act of bravery. I can only imagine the pride of Presi-dent Truman when he pinned the Medal of Honor on Private Jackson’s uniform. I can only imagine the awe of his fel-low Americans as they showered him with ticker tape in a New York City parade to celebrate. Yes, Arthur Jackson was one of the greats, and like with many great men, his career had a somewhat tragic end-ing. After a stint in the Army, he re-joined the Marines and was stationed at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, in Sep-tember 1961. It was only months after the Bay of Pigs and just over a year from the Cuban Missile Crisis. Tensions were high; suspicions were too. On one night, then-Captain Jackson discovered a Cuban busdriver in a re-stricted part of the base. He wasn’t supposed to be there, nor was he au-thorized to be there. The man had been identified as a spy for Fidel Castro’s re-gime but was allowed to keep his job for the time being. Captain Jackson and a fellow officer escorted the man to a back gate to see him off the premises, only to discover the gate was locked. While the other officers went off to find tools, Captain Jackson pried the lock open, and, suddenly, the man lunged at him, aiming for a sidearm. Captain Jackson fired back in self-defense and killed the man on the spot. Instead of reporting the man’s death, however, he and some of his fellow Ma-rines buried the body on the base. Many decades later, he told a news-paper columnist he feared, if he re-ported the death, he would be tried in a Cuban court and possibly tortured. He had hoped no one would find out, but word got out, and he was forced to leave the Marine Corps. He ended life as a mail carrier in California. It was a disappointing end to an until-then bril-liant career. This was a man who loved his country, who put everything on the line to defend it, and if one night that love blinded his judgment, it only shows the intensity of his commit-ment. Arthur Jackson went on to work for the Veterans’ Administration in San Francisco before moving to Boise, ID, in 1973. He lived out the remainder of his life there, where he was beloved by the community. As a neighbor of his put it, ‘‘He flies the U.S. flag and the Marine Corps flag every day. It bothers him if someone flies a dirty or tattered flag. He tells them to take it down and replace it.’’ A little thing with a big meaning: Ar-thur Jackson showed as much love for the flag as he did for our country, and now we lost him to the ages. We still have his memory, his example, his sto-ries of derring-do, which will inspire fu-ture generations of Americans for dec-ades to come. 
REMEMBERING JOE DALE BURGESS  
Mr. President, I attended the signing ceremony at the White House last week for the VA Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection Act. It was a happy occasion, but I received some sad news. A son of Arkansas who served in uni-form passed away earlier this year at the far-too-young age of 31. His name was Joe Dale Burgess. Though he was not widely known, he was especially well loved by all who did know him. Today I want to recognize him briefly for his service. Joe Dale served in the U.S. Army— specifically, Delta Company, 2–506th Infantry Battalion, 101st Airborne Di-vision; 2–506th, the same unit in which I served in Iraq. In March, 2008, he was deployed to Khost Province in Afghanistan, where he took the fight to the enemy for 12 straight months. He was a fearless sol-dier, but his platoon leader says what he will probably be best remembered for is being an awful comedian. He loved to crack jokes and play pranks, even though, as his best battle buddies attest, he didn’t show a particular tal-ent for either of them. He always got laughs, and he always lifted their spir-its. When you are living in a war zone, I can tell you that counts for a lot. But in his battle buddies’ minds, Joe Dale means more than memories of sharing a few laughs. What stands out is his humility. His platoon leader says he was completely selfless. He did whatever was asked of him—no matter how unpleasant, no matter how tedi-ous, how irritating, or how dangerous. He never lost sight of the mission. He never forgot why he was there, and it made an impression. Ask any one of his battle buddies what they think of Joe Dale, and you will not get a bad word out of them, not one in the whole bunch. His platoon leader says: ‘‘We would all gladly serve with him again.’’ That is a pretty good measure, the quality of a troop. I am sorry to say Joe Dale, who en-dured a tour of duty that cost the lives of seven soldiers in his company, died in April of testicular cancer. It had spread to his spine, which after several surgeries left him paralyzed. He suf-fered several other afflictions: PTSD, pain in his joints, trouble sleeping. He didn’t ask for care or a disability rat-ing from the VA until it was too late. It seems so unfair that this man—a man who braved the mountains of the Hindu Kush, a man who was awarded the Combat Infantryman’s Badge and the Army Commendation Medal—ulti-mately succumbed to disease at home at such a young age. In fact, it seems almost cruel because he left behind a fiance´e, Alice Hart, and a 2-year-old daughter, Zoe Hart-Burgess. I suppose we must remember that the Lord God in Heaven has His own purposes, and He works in His own mysterious ways. To see the outpouring of love for this man—a quiet man, a humble man, a man whose only ambition was to serve his country—it tells you, indeed, that Joe Dale Burgess was one impressive man. May he rest in peace. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). The Senator from Arkansas. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I yield back all time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.002 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3839 June 29, 2017 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Neomi Rao, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget. Mitch McConnell, Chuck Grassley, Deb Fischer, Steve Daines, Luther Strange, Bob Corker, Thom Tillis, Tom Cotton, Tim Scott, Johnny Isakson, Richard C. Shelby, Michael B. Enzi, Richard Burr, John Hoeven, David Perdue, Roy Blunt, Todd Young. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Neomi Rao, of the District of Colum-bia, to be Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. I announce that the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ), and the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 59, nays 36, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 155 Ex.] YEAS—59 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy King Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Nelson Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—36 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Kaine Klobuchar Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Peters Reed Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden NOT VOTING—5 
Durbin Hirono Sanders Udall Warner 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 59, the nays are 36. The motion is agreed to. The Senator from Alaska. 
TRIBUTE TO SOLOMON ‘‘SOL’’ ATKINSON  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Mr. President, every week I have been coming down to the floor of the Senate to talk about a spe-cial Alaskan, someone in my State who, through their hard work and com-munity service, whether to their neigh-bors or to their country, makes Alaska a better place for all of us. We call these people the Alaskans of the Week. Learning about these individuals and sharing their stories with my Senate colleagues, Alaskans, and Americans who watch what we do here or who are in the gallery, is probably one of the best parts of my week every week. Like most of my colleagues, I will soon be going home for the Fourth of July. We will celebrate this very spe-cial holiday with our families and our communities. Some of us will go to barbecues or march in parades or at-tend other community gatherings. Some of us will gather in spots across our State and watch fireworks. Person-ally, I will be with my family catching king salmon at my family’s ancestral fish camp up on the Yukon River, one of my favorite places in the entire world. Regardless of where we are, all of us will certainly feel a swell of pride for our country. We will remember the hard-fought battles that brought us independence, and we will remember those who have served and sacrificed to keep our country the land of the free and the home of the brave. They are the heroes among us, and Alaska is chock-full of these heroes. Today I want to recognize one of them, a very special hero who is our Alaskan of the Week—Solomon Atkin-son, who spent nearly his entire adult life serving our country with honor and dignity and now serves his community in Alaska tirelessly. Let me tell you a little bit about Sol and his illustrious career in the mili-tary. Sol was born in 1930 to Harris and Elizabeth Atkinson in Metlakatla, AK. Metlakatla is on Annette Island on the Inside Passage, where so many Americans take cruises to see the gla-ciers and the whales. It is home to the only federally recognized Indian res-ervation in our State. Sol could have continued to live in Metlakatla, where he was a commer-cial fisherman as a young man, but, like so many patriotic Alaskans, he chose to leave his home and join the military. Sol joined the U.S. Navy, and for 22 years—from 1951 to 1973—he had by anybody’s standards a remarkable patriotic military career. In 1953, Sol volunteered for the Navy’s legendary Underwater Demoli-tion Team and was deployed to the Pa-cific, including Korea. Some history buffs will know and recall that the Un-derwater Demolition Team, the UDT, was the precursor to the present-day Navy SEALS—frogmen, as they liked to call themselves. In fact, Sol was on the very first Navy SEAL team created by President Kennedy in 1962, and I have a copy of the SEAL Team One plank owners certificate, commis-sioned on January 1, 1962, with Sol’s name proudly displayed. So Sol became a Navy SEAL—the first Navy SEAL, literally. He became a SEAL team training instructor, training new Navy SEAL recruits. He was affectionately referred to as ‘‘the Mean Machine’’ by the Navy SEALs. He also had the honor of training 48 as-tronauts, including Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin, and Jim Lovell, just to name a few, in underwater weightlessness simulations. His prized possession is a framed plaque bearing the signature of all those astronauts, all those American heroes whom he trained. Sol completed three combat tours in Vietnam. By the time he retired from the military, he had earned numerous awards and medals for personal valor, including the Bronze Star and the Pur-ple Heart. But what is truly remark-able about Sol is that after he retired from the Navy, he moved back home to Metlakatla and continued to serve his country and serve his community. He served on the Indian Community Coun-cil, on the school board, and as mayor of Metlakatla. He has also been very involved in veterans affairs and was the president of the first veterans orga-nization on the island and was instru-mental in starting that organization. He has spent years reaching out to his fellow veterans to make sure they re-ceive the benefits, honor, and dignity they earned. Jeff Moran, the superintendent of the Bureau of Indian Affairs in Metlakatla, said this about Sol: 
I could go on and on regarding the wonder-ful things that Sol has done for his commu-nity. We would not be here today without his leadership and knowledge [and commit-ment]. 
I, too, can go on about Sol. Many Alaskans can go on about Sol and all the things he has done. But I also want to mention, particularly on the eve of the Fourth of July, that he is part of a long tradition in my State of Alaskan Natives who have served in the mili-tary, who have served our country even during darker times in our history when many Alaskan Natives were dis-criminated against and denied basic rights. On the eve of the Fourth of July, we celebrate America’s independence but also in particular those who have fought for that independence over the last 200 years. As I mentioned, one proud element of my great State is that we have more veterans per capita than any State in the country, and Alaska Native veterans serve at higher rates in the U.S. military than any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.004 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3840 June 29, 2017 
other ethnic group in the country— something I like to refer to as a special kind of patriotism because they have been doing this for decades, like Sol— even at times, as I mentioned, when the country hasn’t always treated that group of patriotic Americans with the respect and dignity they deserve. Sol personifies this special patriotism. The SEALs who served with him wrote this about him in a tribute: 
Sol’s story will continue to be told by the men he trained, by the officers who relied on him, by the Frogmen who all respect him. An officer, a gentleman, an athlete, a friend, Sol Atkinson is all of these, but of all of these traits, he is first a Frogman. 
We can see the pride the Navy SEALs have for Sol, a plank owner for the en-tire organization. In conclusion, I will add that he is a patriotic Alaskan through and through, and I thank him for all he has done for Alaska, for our veterans, and for America. Sol, congratulations on being our Alaskan of the Week. Happy Fourth of July to you, to Alaska, and to all the men and women in our military and the citizens of our great Nation. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, from all indications, our Republican friends continue to negotiate amongst them-selves, behind closed doors, to revive the healthcare bill they had to pull from the floor on Tuesday. I would suggest to my friends on the other side that there is no tweak or change or modification that will fix what is wrong with this Republican healthcare bill. The core of the bill is the problem. The American people are opposed to tax cuts for the wealthy and the reduction of the social safety net of Social Security, Medicare, and Med-icaid. The Republican TrumpCare bill is built on a crumbling, decrepit founda-tion, and that is because it is based on the premise that special interests and a very small number of wealthy Ameri-cans deserve a tax break while millions of Americans—middle class families, older Americans in nursing homes, folks with a preexisting condition— ought to receive less healthcare at a higher cost. That idea is so backward, so out of step with what America wants and what actually works, it can never suc-ceed, no matter how it is tweaked. The one thing my Republican friends are latching on to—that their bill will bring down average premiums several years down the line—is really a bait and switch. The bait is lower pre-miums, but the switch is higher deductibles and copays so that, in the end, the average American pays more than they would have otherwise. They are luring people in with a lower pre-mium, but then they have to pay such a high percentage of their medical costs, the insurance policy is virtually worthless. The Republican TrumpCare bill tells insurers they can offer much less gen-erous healthcare plans than under the current system, even allowing States to opt out of covering essential bene-fits like treatment for opioids, mental health coverage, prescription drug cov-erage, and maternity care. The result of these changes is that insurers may charge smaller premiums on some plans, but they will cover way less and, in fact, the deductibles and copays will go up—way up—in order to make the difference. So this isn’t: Oh, you are not paying for some esoteric item; your insurance policy will pay for virtually nothing at the beginning if you have a high deductible. The CBO report estimates that for an average 40-year-old with an income of $26,500 a year, looking at insurance on the marketplace, deductibles would in-crease by thousands. If that 40-year-old decided on a ‘‘bronze’’ plan, for in-stance, their deductible would be $6,000 a year, the CBO estimates. That is $5,200 more than under current law. So we know what that means: They have to pay the first $6,000 of healthcare, no matter what your insurance policy is. What good is that? Not much. Good for the insurance industry, maybe; not good for the average citizen. Some of my colleagues on the other side are claiming they want lower premiums, but if those lower premiums come with higher deductibles and higher copays, nobody benefits. It is a bait and switch. What the Republican bill gives with one hand in this area, it more than takes away with the other because the lower premiums are made up for by higher deductibles and copays, so the average person pays more, not less, even when their premium goes down. Who in America believes that folks should have higher out-of-pocket costs than before? Who in America believes that folks making over $1 million a year—God bless them; they are doing well—deserve another $57,000 tax break? Who in America believes that we should be making it harder to afford nursing home care or maternity care or opioid abuse treatment? Who in Amer-ica believes a child born with a pre-existing condition should hit their life-time insurance limit before they even leave the hospital for the first time? Who believes in that in this America? It turns out, almost no one. A poll yesterday showed that only 12 percent of Americans support the Republican bill. No amendment or compromise or tweak or adjustment in formula can solve that. So I repeat the offer I made to Presi-dent Trump and my Republican friends yesterday: Let’s start over. Drop this fundamentally flawed approach—aban-don cuts to Medicaid, abandon tax breaks for the wealthy—and we can discuss the problems that Americans are actually concerned about: the cost, quality, and availability of healthcare. I suggested that President Trump in-vite all Senators to Blair House to begin anew on a bipartisan approach to healthcare. Unfortunately, the Presi-dent said I wasn’t serious. Mr. Presi-dent: Try me. The minute you make the invitation, we will take it in a very serious way. It is not that audacious of an idea. President Obama did the same thing early in his Presidency to discuss healthcare with Members of both par-ties in front of the American people. Our only condition: Drop the wrong- headed idea of slashing Medicaid to give tax breaks to the wealthy. It is perfectly reasonable, and a vast major-ity of Americans agree with us. Nonpartisan institutions like the American Medical Association, the Na-tional Association of Medicaid Direc-tors, AARP, and America’s largest nursing home groups are all against the Republican approach. The Congres-sional Budget Office and other expert analyses say that it will not actually fix the problems in our healthcare sys-tem—high deductibles, high premiums, counties with too few insurance op-tions—and the American people are as roundly against it as any piece of major legislation I have ever seen. So I don’t believe it is unserious to ask my Republican friends to drop this particular bill and talk to us about ac-tually fixing the problems in our healthcare system. I don’t believe it is unserious to say to President Trump: You campaigned on bringing costs down and providing care for everyone. You campaigned on not cutting Medicaid and controlling the outrageous costs of prescription drugs. These are all your words in the campaign. Well, we Democrats agree with all of that. So let’s talk about it. Fundamentally, I don’t believe that seeking a bipartisan solution on the great issues of our time should ever be considered unserious. President Trump, you have com-plained about a lack of bipartisan-ship—unfairly, in our opinion. We are offering a way to implement biparti-sanship, and right now it is you, not we, who are stopping it. I hope my Republican friends, Presi-dent Trump, and the majority leader think long and hard before dismissing our offer out of hand. I challenge them again: Invite all of us to Blair House the first day we get back from recess. If you think we are not serious, try us. Democrats are ready to turn the page on healthcare. When will my Repub-lican friends realize it is time for them to do the same? 
RUSSIA SANCTIONS  
Finally, Mr. President, as to Russia sanctions, on June 15, nearly 2 weeks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.007 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3841 June 29, 2017 
ago, the Senate, in an act of biparti-sanship, passed a tough Russia sanc-tions bill on a 98-to-2 vote. There are very few things of such significance that this body does with such a large bipartisan vote—Democrats and Repub-licans, all but two coming together. The majority leader, Senator M
CCON-
NELL , and I worked hard to pass it be-fore a possible meeting between Presi-dent Trump and President Putin at the G20 summit. We wanted to send a mes-sage to Mr. Putin: If you interfere with our democratic institutions, you will be punished. These new sanctions should also help to deter future Rus-sian interference. At the Speaker’s request, I hope this morning the Senate will pass a tech-nical correction to address the blue- slip issue. It is important for Speaker R
YAN to get the House to act on this legislation before the July 4th recess. It is critical that Congress speak in a loud, clear, and unified voice to Presi-dent Putin: Interfering with our elec-tions—the wellspring and pride of our democracy for over two centuries—will not be tolerated, and the United States will always respond forcefully, includ-ing with the power of economic sanc-tions. I want to put the House on notice. If they water down the bill, weaken the sanctions, add loopholes to the legisla-tion, they will find stiff resistance here in the Senate. Later today, we will break for the July 4th recess. The Fourth of July is a day to remember the audacity of a ragtag group of colonies who declared themselves free and independent from the tyranny of one of the great, mighty foreign powers. What better way to mark the occasion than for the Con-gress of that once fledgling Nation— now the mightiest Nation in the world, ourselves—to pass a bill that says, 241 years since that fateful day, that we intend to defend our democracy as fiercely as the patriots who put down their plows and took up muskets on Bunker Hill did? I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
VENEZUELA  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I come to the floor to speak about the rise of a failed state, Venezuela, and the man-made tragedy President Maduro has imposed on his citizens. For 3 months, Venezuelans have taken to the streets in daily protests. They are speaking out against their country’s economic collapse, against widespread food shortages, the disinte-gration of their medical system, against endemic corruption, and against a government that denies them their human rights and fundamental freedoms. Appallingly, President Maduro has responded to the protests by unleashing his National Guard. As a re-cent Washington Post article stated, ‘‘Mr. Maduro and the corrupt clique around him are hanging on by the brute force of tear gas, water cannons, mass arrests, and shootings by snip-ers.’’ Since April, Venezuela’s increasingly unstable crisis has left over 75 dead, thousands jailed, and thousands more injured. Yet, instead of listening to his people’s legitimate demands and miti-gating this tragedy, President Maduro is attempting to rewrite the Constitu-tion, despite widespread opposition. Additionally, he declared this week that ‘‘what couldn’t be done with votes would be done with weapons.’’ This is our hemisphere. This is a hemisphere that prides itself in demo-cratic states, and here is the President of Venezuela saying he doesn’t care what the voters say. With Maduro threatening to use arms against his people, one can only imagine the blood-shed and abuses will continue unabated. Despite these threats, protests en-dure because Venezuelans see no alter-natives. They have no other recourse against standing in lines for endless hours to scour the empty shelves at their markets. They have no other way to channel their sorrow over the spike in maternal and infant mortality rates in hospitals that lack supplies to treat the most basic diseases. They have no other way to express their outrage at the military profiting from corruption in food procurement contracts, even while children increasingly suffer the ravages of malnutrition. Parallel to the protests, chaos is be-coming commonplace. In the past 72 hours, the National Guard troops have stormed the National Assembly and as-saulted opposition legislators. They came into the Parliament and as-saulted the opposition. The supreme court has stripped the attorney gen-eral, Luisa Ortega, of her authorities for her criticism of President Maduro. We have seen lootings and the burn-ing of government buildings. Alarm-ingly, a rogue police officer com-mandeered a helicopter and launched grenades and small arms fire while fly-ing over the supreme court. These inci-dents from just the last 3 days should make it clear to all we are now dealing with a failed state in our own hemi-sphere. As this crisis cripples Venezuela, I call on all sides to refrain from vio-lence. I also want to recognize that the current situation is the product of 18 years of systematic efforts to dis-mantle Venezuela’s democratic institu-tions. Since coming to power, President Maduro—like Hugo Chavez before him—has filled the ranks of govern-ment with loyalists who have led the economy to hyperinflation and the brink of default. State oil companies like PDVSA, the country’s only source of revenue, has been purged of its ex-pertise. In a truly devastating blow to democracy and the rule of law, the ju-diciary has been entirely sapped of its independence so it now functions as a political appendage of the executive branch. In the 18 months since the opposition coalition won control of the National Assembly—and I must tell you there was hope when we saw the voters in Venezuela enacted a new government in their Parliament—the supreme court has overturned every piece of leg-islation passed, gave itself authority to approve the national budget, and in April temporarily usurped the rest of the legislature’s authorities, com-pletely reversing the will of the people. Additionally, as Venezuela’s civilian and military justice systems have be-come accomplices to persecution and torture, the number of political pris-oners has soared. Leopoldo Lopez, Judge Afiuni, Daniel Ceballos—these are just some of the more well-known names among the more than 350 polit-ical prisoners recognized by Ven-ezuelan human rights NGO Foro Penal. These are people who are in prison as a result of their political beliefs. It is no surprise the decay of judicial independence has led to an alarming rise in corruption and impunity. It is now a stated fact that senior officials have syphoned billions out of Ven-ezuela and are engaged in the illegal drug trade. In response, the United States has designated a dozen people under the Kingpin sanctions, including Vice President Tareck El Aissami. Interior Minister Reverol was indicted in the United States last year for drug traf-ficking. Even Maduro’s nephews were convicted in the United States on drug charges. The sum of these trend lines is truly disturbing. Today, Venezuela is a failed state, where authoritarian leaders prof-it from links to corruption and drug trafficking, while the Venezuelan peo-ple are subject to precarious humani-tarian conditions and human rights abuses. Against this backdrop, we re-quire little explanation why more than 18,000 Venezuelans sought asylum in the United States last year. We are all concerned about the flight of people at risk. What is happening in Venezuela directly impacts people try-ing to seek safety coming into the United States. If all this wasn’t enough, in late 2016, Venezuelan State oil company PDVSA used its U.S. sub-sidiary Citgo as collateral to secure a loan from Rosneft, a company that is controlled by the Russian Government and is currently under U.S. sanctions. The result is, the Russian Government holds at least 49.9 percent of Citgo’s mortgage and could come into control of critical U.S. energy infrastructure, including refineries, terminals, and a large network of pipelines. This should 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:09 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.009 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3842 June 29, 2017 
concern every Member of the U.S. Sen-ate. So the question for the United States and the international community is, How do we respond? What do we do? We cannot let this circumstance continue. Thankfully, supported by a growing diplomatic coalition that includes Mexico, Brazil, Costa Rica, Peru, Can-ada, and the United States, the Sec-retary General of the Organization of American States, Luis Almagro, is marshalling international pressure. Mr. Almagro has called on President Maduro to heed the demands of his citi-zens, free political prisoners, permit the delivery of humanitarian assist-ance, commit to a timetable for over-due elections, and restore the author-ity of the National Assembly. However, despite Mr. Almagro’s lead-ership, the results of last week’s meet-ing of Foreign Ministers was a stun-ning failure to reach consensus on a hemisphere response. Appallingly, eight countries refused to vote their conscience, among them Haiti, the Do-minican Republic, Ecuador, El Sal-vador, Trinidad, and Suriname. They did not use the power under the OAS to recognize that Venezuela today is not living up to its charter commitment to be a democratic state. There is a proc-ess at the OAS to take action. They were unable to do that—a major set-back. As efforts at the OAS continue, all must remain clear that there are no al-ternative facts when it comes to Ven-ezuela, there is just a manmade trag-edy that demands collective action. While providing full support for mul-tilateral diplomacy, the United States must also lead. In May, I introduced bi-partisan legislation to address the multifaceted crisis in Venezuela. My bill will authorize humanitarian assist-ance and require the State Department to coordinate an international ap-proach to humanitarian challenges. The legislation will also provide strong congressional backing for OAS efforts, as well as funding for international election observers and civil society groups working to defend human rights and democratic values. Given the rising instability in Ven-ezuela, the bill would codify two lines of targeted sanctions against Ven-ezuelan officials involved in corruption and undermining democratic govern-ance—the very authorities the admin-istration used to rightly sanction members of the Venezuelan supreme court last month. Congress should act, as we have done in so many other places where we show congressional leadership to make it clear that this type of activity will not be allowed to continue and that Con-gress will take a strong position to give appropriate authority to sanction those individuals who are responsible. Finally, the bill would require the State Department and U.S. intelligence community to prepare a report on the role of Venezuelan officials in corrup-tion and drug trafficking. As the instability in Venezuela grows, every day we decide not to act only makes the crisis worse. I urge my colleagues to work with legislation I have filed. Let’s work with the Con-gress and the President to make it clear to the Venezuelan people they are not alone, and we will not tolerate a country in our hemisphere to become a failed state. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
CORRECTING THE ENGROSSMENT OF S. 722 Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 210, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 210) to correct the en-grossment of S. 722. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I know of no further debate on the measure. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the question is on agreeing to the resolution. The resolution (S. Res. 210) was agreed to. (The resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolu-tions.’’) Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
DIRECTING RETURN OF PAPERS REQUEST Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Secretary of the Senate be directed to request the return of the papers for S. 722 from the House of Representatives. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued 
REQUESTS FOR AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO  
MEET  
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I have six requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They do not have the approval of the Democratic leader for the eighth con-secutive legislative day; therefore, they will not be permitted to meet after 1 p.m. I ask unanimous consent that the list of committees requesting authority to meet be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry; Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation; Committee on Environment and Public Works; Committee on the Judiciary; Committee on Intelligence. 
Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
AS-
SIDY). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Ms. HEITKAMP. Mr. President, Con-gress and our country desperately need to have an honest, meaningful, trans-parent, and bipartisan conversation about improving our healthcare sys-tem. It shouldn’t be a tall order, but around here things that seem common sense to the rest of the country are never simple. Instead, partisanship too often wins. We have seen that with the Senate Republican healthcare bill, as it was crafted behind closed doors with-out allowing any Democrats or the public to see it until it was a proposal. It is good news that a vote on the bill was delayed, but we must continue to have this conversation as the debate continues. That bill was bad for North Dakota. Only when we seek real bipar-tisan solutions do I believe we will be successful in improving our healthcare system. We need to reform our healthcare system. I have been saying it for years. In fact, I have proposed a number of fixes over the past 3
1⁄2years, but none of those fixes are embodied in the Re-publican healthcare bill. It is just not the right direction. Just yesterday, I joined many of my colleagues to bring up some common-sense bills we can and should take up right now to make sure American fami-lies aren’t hurt in the near term. We called on Republicans to work with us, but, unfortunately, they objected. I want to work in a bipartisan way. I want real healthcare reform. But, un-fortunately, I do not believe everyone in Congress feels that way. First, we need to talk about the facts of the Senate Republican bill—facts that are from very reputable non-partisan sources. Earlier this week, the Congressional Budget Office issued a report rein-forcing that the Senate Republican bill is just as terrible as the bill that came out of the House of Representatives a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.011 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3843 June 29, 2017 
few months ago. The Senate bill would rip away health insurance from 22 mil-lion Americans by 2026, including 31,000 North Dakotans who would lose private health coverage. You can’t put a few bandaids on a bad bill and expect that North Dakota would not feel that pain. Just as in the House bill, the biggest savings would come from severe cuts to Medicaid—a program that would see a 26-percent cut in 2026. The bill would slash a lifesaving program that 90,000 North Dakota children, individuals with disabilities, seniors, and low-in-come families rely on for affordable, quality care. That includes 36,000 chil-dren in my State. The Senate Republican healthcare bill would get rid of the Medicaid ex-pansion and cap the amount of Federal funding States can get to cover those traditional Medicaid patients. That would drastically reduce the amount of Medicaid funds going to the States. This would push those remaining costs onto States and counties that can’t af-ford it. Importantly, it also would push the cost onto other patients. The American Hospital Association esti-mates that North Dakota Medicaid would lose $1.2 billion through 2026. At the same time, North Dakota forecasts a $46 million shortfall for 2015 through 2017—that is our biennial period—and another $103 million shortfall for 2017 through 2018. You tell me how our State would pick up these extra costs for our families and our children. Un-fortunately, we just will not be able to do it. We would be forced to dis-continue care. That is just wrong. Those Medicaid cuts would also im-peril rural hospitals, which have seen their amount of bad debt fall by 45 per-cent because of Medicaid expansion. Helping those rural hospitals keep their doors open and deliver care close to home for farmers, ranchers, and communities is absolutely vital to rural development and vital to those people who are still working in rural America to put food on our table. Additionally, the North Dakota Hos-pital Association released a study showing that healthcare and social as-sistance accounts for one of every seven workers in this State. I am going to repeat that: Healthcare and social assistance accounts for one of every seven workers in our State. Spending reductions under this Senate bill would curtail those jobs, hurt economic de-velopment—especially in rural commu-nities—and make delivery of healthcare even more expensive for our rural families. The cuts to Medicaid would take away coverage from many North Dako-tans who are also seeking treatment for opioid abuse and addiction, which has reached an epidemic level in our State, as well as across the Nation. In fact, I had one North Dakota healthcare provider who was looking at providing additional behavior and men-tal health services. In the traditional hospital setting, about 14 to 15 percent of the patients are on Medicaid. He be-lieves that once this hospital opens, anywhere from 60 to 70 percent of the patients will be dependent on Medicaid funding for their healthcare. If that money is not there, if there is no reli-ability about that money, how do we build the treatment services we need to attack this epidemic? I want to dispel a myth about Med-icaid, and that is that these are just people who can go to work every day, that they are not even working, that they are just on the public dole, and that they are just getting this money. The truth is that in North Dakota 83 percent of adult Medicaid enrollees are in families with a worker. That is a statistic according to the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation. For North Dakotans who get cov-erage on the individual marketplace, this bill would raise premiums 76 per-cent higher than what would be re-quired to be paid under the current law. That statistic, again, is according to Kaiser Family Foundation. Seniors would be especially hard hit, with pre-miums more than doubling for those older than 55. The bill would dispropor-tionately push the costs on to older Americans, who tend to live in rural communities, like all of those across North Dakota. Under the Senate bill, in 2026 a 64- year-old with an income of $56,800 would pay annually $20,500 for a silver- level healthcare insurance plan. That is more than one-third of his or her en-tire income, and that is more than eight times what the same person would pay under the current law, which is $6,800. The bill would also enable insurance companies to impose lifetime maxi-mums on coverage, once again, making it unaffordable for many people with life-threatening or long-term illnesses or disorders to get the treatment they need to live by. This bill is a not so thinly veiled at-tempt to provide tax cuts for the wealthiest individuals at the expense of rural communities, like those across our State. Nearly 45 percent of the tax cuts in the Senate bill would go to the top 1 percent of incomes, those people making over $875,000 a year. I will say that again. Nearly 45 percent of the tax cuts in the Senate bill would go to the top 1 percent of incomes, those making over $875,000 a year, according to the Tax Policy Center. But what is more telling about these striking statistics is the stories. I have heard from so many North Dakotans about how scared they are that this bill could pass and how it would hurt them if it ever happened. I have heard from North Dakotans with preexisting conditions, like cancer or asthma, par-ents of children with disabilities on Medicaid, adults with elderly patients in nursing homes, farmers and those in rural communities who rely on rural hospitals, and those receiving treat-ment for opioid abuse. The consequences of this bill for North Dakotans are real. I want to tell some of those very real stories across my State, because way too often we forget this is an issue that could not be more personal. I want to introduce you to Allison and Jennifer Restemayer. This is her wonderful family. This is Allison here. Allison, from West Fargo, was almost 2 years old when she was diagnosed with a rare genetic disease. Allison’s parents were told she would become severely mentally delayed by age 3, and she would likely pass away by the time she was 10 years old. I am so proud to tell you and so glad to tell you that this prediction did not come true. Over the past several years, Allison has been able to get new, very expen-sive therapy that helps slow the pro-gression of her disorder. Because there are currently no lifetime limits on cov-erage, Allison’s family has been able to afford this treatment. Today, Allison is 16 years old. Allison needs physical therapy multiple times per week to truly make a difference in her life day to day and to help her live longer. Her private insurance covers just 12 phys-ical therapy appointments per year. Al-lison is one of many children with dis-abilities or special needs on Medicaid, which covers the rest of her physical therapy. For her and her family—you can see them here—who are so proud of the courage of Allison, it has been a life-line, and it has been a lifegiver. But the Republican bill would enable insur-ance companies to impose lifetime maximums on coverage, which many North Dakotans, like Allison, would reach in no time. It would slash Med-icaid—both expansion and traditional Medicaid—making it harder for fami-lies like Allison’s to afford coverage and critical treatment for their chil-dren with special needs. The Restemayers should never ever have to worry. I have spent a lot of time with Alli-son, and I think anyone who meets her knows that this world is a much better place with Allison healthy and alive. We are so proud to call her one of our friends. She has been an inspiration to me and my staff. She has participated in a lot of dialogues, and her advocacy has been absolutely instrumental in telling the story of families like hers in North Dakota. I want to talk about Emerie and Amy Thom. At just 2 months old, Emerie, from Bismarck, had her first set of sei-zures and was diagnosed with a rare neurological condition. Her parents, Amy and Johnny, have crisscrossed North Dakota and visited many hos-pitals out of State to get Emerie the care she needs and to control her life- threatening seizures. Emerie is now almost 4 years old and has spent a total of 8 weeks in the hos-pital since she was born. She receives therapy multiple times per week and needs various medical equipment. Just 1 month of therapy out-of-pocket would cost her family—good, hard- working people—$3,000. Emerie is on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.014 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3844 June 29, 2017 
Medicaid, which has enabled her family to afford her hospital stays, her home healthcare, and her therapy. It has also enabled them to keep their daughter home with them in a loving family re-lationship, in a lovely family situation. It is because of the access to Med-icaid that this family has been able to stay in their home and keep their jobs, but the Senate Republican healthcare bill would rip Medicaid away from fam-ilies like Emerie’s. This family does not deserve that, and neither does any family who is working hard to take care of their children. These are all of our children, the children we see today who suffer from disabilities, who live and inspire us with their disabilities and their hope. This small help these families ask for from the Medicaid sys-tem should not be threatened, and these families should not be calling congressional offices begging us to please, please do everything we can. Finally, I want to talk about Frances. Frances is one of the nicest people you are ever going to meet. For 25 years, she was a third grade teacher in Fessenden. When she was 21 years old, while she was teaching, she was di-agnosed with a syndrome that affects the nerve endings in her body. She be-came paralyzed but taught herself to walk again. For the rest of her life, she will have to face the challenges that come with this disorder. Today, Fran can’t walk anymore, and she has been in a wheelchair for the past 24 years. For most of her life, Fran lived inde-pendently with her husband, who passed away in 2000. In the past few years, she has reached a point where she needs full-time care. She is now 84 years old. She lives in a nursing home in Harvey, and she has been there for 4 years. Fran had been in and out of nursing homes a few times beforehand, all which required private pay. Because of the extreme costs, Fran doesn’t have any money or savings left. She spent it all on her healthcare. Now she is one of many seniors on Medicaid, which enables her to afford the quality, long-term care she needs to live with dignity and support. At the nursing home, she gets extensive as-sistance with bathing, dressing, and doing any activities. Fran doesn’t know what she would do without Med-icaid. She doesn’t have any children to help her. Her siblings are all older than she is, and they wouldn’t be able to provide her with the level of care she needs. If it weren’t for Medicaid, Fran would be out of options. The Senate Republican bill threatens the coverage that Fran has and that so many others rely on. You know what, we cannot let that happen. This issue has many faces. These are just three North Dakota faces I want to talk to you about. These families aren’t interested in politics. They couldn’t care less about politics. They want the ability to take care of them-selves. There is no guilt to any of these conditions. There is no ‘‘you did it to yourself’’ to any of these conditions. This is the human condition. We have to decide as a country, are we together in taking care of each other, or are we all on our own? That is the issue. How do we take care of the sickest among us? Are we together, or are we on our own? I believe we are stronger when we stand together to provide care to each other and to those who are not as fortunate. I was talking to some of the families. It is hard when you are a mom, I think, to think about, well, what was your life with your child growing up? I had two children, born extraordinarily healthy. They barely missed a day of school, they were so healthy. They had an opportunity to engage in every level of activity, giving me and my husband the freedom to pursue other things in our lives. That is a gift. It is also a gift that we as a society can help those who don’t have that level of good fortune but have children who need some spe-cial attention, children whose care you cannot afford on your own. From the discussions I have had with so many of the families, very few of us could ever afford the medications and the therapies that guarantee quality of life not only for the child but for the family in terms of respite care. Allison, Emerie, and Fran, we are going to keep talking about this, and we are going to keep evaluating all of the proposals that come our way. When they don’t do right by you, Emerie, Al-lison, and Fran, when it is not the right solution for your family, it is not the right solution for North Dakota, and it is not the right solution for this country. We have work to do. I know the Presiding Officer has been one of the leaders in analyzing and re-viewing these bills. We have had a chance to have some discussions. I hope we will have further discussions about how we can continue to care for these wonderful North Dakotans. The Presiding Officer knows story after story, having been a physician. Being a physician, my husband can tell you story after story about people who are challenged. In this system of healthcare, we all have to decide whether we stand alone or together. I believe America is stronger when we stand together and help each other. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ABOLISH HUMAN TRAFFICKING ACT  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I want to come to the floor to talk about healthcare, a subject I know the Pre-siding Officer feels passionate about as a medical doctor. But before I delve into the healthcare debate, I want to discuss briefly two important bipar-tisan pieces of legislation that I have been working on with my colleagues across the aisle and that are moving forward today. I know the strange thing about this place—by ‘‘this place’’ I mean Wash-ington, DC—is that the bipartisan work we are able to do rarely gets much at-tention. What gets attention in the news is when we fight over controver-sial topics, but bipartisan legislation that actually helps people and that gets done here is rarely heralded or even noticed. So I think it is worth highlighting a couple of examples today. Today, in the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, we passed the Abolish Human Trafficking Act, which I introduced with Senator KLOBUCHAR . As the father of two daughters, I am always re-minded of the profile of a victim of human trafficking in this country, a girl between the ages of 12 and 14 years old, who perhaps has run away from home. Who knows what the cir-cumstances are at home? But they are looking for a better life, only to find themselves in too many instances ex-ploited and the victims of human traf-ficking. This bill reauthorizes several critical trafficking victims protection act pro-grams that help fight the scourge of trafficking so that survivors can get the help they need and our law enforce-ment officers can go after the perpetra-tors of this terrible crime. A vital provision of this bill is an ex-tension of the Domestic Trafficking Victims Fund, which provides critical resources that victims need to recover from this crime. Part of the fund is fi-nanced through fines collected on con-victed traffickers, and last year it pro-vided almost $5 million in services for victims. Let me dwell on that for just a minute. When I was privileged to be attorney general of the State of Texas, part of the job was to administer the Crime Victims’ Compensation Fund. This was a fund into which fines and penalties of people convicted of criminal acts went into the Crime Victims’ Compensation Fund, so we could then use grants for the victims of crime to help them re-cover. That is exactly the kind of model we created with the Domestic Trafficking Victims Fund. My hope is that over time it will produce more money that will be available to help the victims of human trafficking to a greater extent. That is the idea, and these are not tax dollars, so that is an additional benefit. It is actually the fines and penalties of the perpetrators that go into this fund that then help the victims to heal. This bill also makes the Human Traf-ficking Advisory Council permanent so that the group of survivors who advise people like us on what additional tools are needed to combat trafficking can continue to do so. On the preventive end, this legisla-tion lends a hand to our Nation’s law enforcement so they can track down perpetrators of the crime and bring them to justice. It implements screen-ing protocols for the Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.016 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3845 June 29, 2017 
Homeland Security so that law en-forcement officials at every level know how to spot trafficking victims and how to respond. This is actually a real-ly important element of fighting human trafficking. A few years ago, when we had the Super Bowl in Dallas, TX, I was shocked to learn that the Super Bowl is one of the largest human trafficking events during the year. That is pretty sobering and, frankly, disgusting. Training people, including law enforce-ment, to be able to identify victims of human trafficking, some of whom may not consider themselves a victim until it is too late, only to find themselves a victim of modern day human slavery— but being able to identify victims of trafficking so that we can get law en-forcement involved and get them res-cued is a big, important part of fight-ing this crime. In the long run, this legislation re-quires the Department of Justice to implement a national strategy to re-duce the demand of human trafficking by essentially putting the johns—the people who buy sex from trafficking victims—out of service. This is a cause that clearly crosses partisan lines, and it is literally a nonpartisan issue. I am glad we are making progress on this. I am thankful for the bipartisan support of my colleague from Min-nesota, Senator K
LOBUCHAR , as well as the Judiciary Committee members like the chairman, Senator G
RASSLEY , and the ranking member, Senator F
EIN-
STEIN , and many other Members on both sides who are cosponsors. 
JOBS FOR OUR HEROES ACT  
Mr. President, the second piece of legislation I want to mention is the Jobs for Our Heroes Act of 2017. This, too, is a bipartisan bill that makes it easier for our veterans to get jobs in our Nation’s trucking industry. The men and women in our military learn valuable skills that can easily be trans-ferred to the private sector when they leave the military and become a vet-eran, and this bill is designed to help veterans transition from their military service to getting jobs in our Nation’s trucking industry. This is an area that is constantly in need of trained people with commercial drivers’ licenses who can work in this industry. As I suggested, many of our military servicemembers have experience driv-ing similar vehicles while serving in the Armed Forces. Yet for them to get a job in trucking, they are required to go through a very expensive and time- consuming training program as if they have absolutely no knowledge or job experience whatsoever, largely dupli-cating what they already know just be-cause of the regulations. That doesn’t make any sense to me. The legislation that I have intro-duced with Senators E
LIZABETH WAR-
REN, T AMMY DUCKWORTH , and T HOM T
ILLIS takes into consideration the previous training and experience of veterans and allows them to apply for an exemption so they can quite lit-erally get on the road and start work-ing without delay. This bill is twofold. Not only does it encourage our transportation industry to hire veterans, it helps our veterans transition into civilian life, connecting them to a well-paying job and a mean-ingful career. I expect the Commerce Committee to consider and pass this bill, as well, today. These are two bipartisan examples that show we actually can work to-gether in the U.S. Senate in ways that will help all of our States and the peo-ple we serve. HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. President, there are subjects that are controversial. If there is one that sort of stands out above the rest, it is healthcare. Unfortunately, this has be-come all too much of a polarizing issue politically. I happened to be in the Senate Cham-ber on Christmas Eve in 2009, at 7:30 in the morning, right before Christmas, of course, when our Democratic friends jammed through on a party-line vote the Affordable Care Act, now known as ObamaCare. I remember the promises the President made at the time. Presi-dent Obama said: If you like your pol-icy, you can keep your policy. That proved not to be true. He said: If you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor. Well, that wasn’t true, either. Then he said: Well, you will be able to save $2,500 per family of four on your premiums. What experience has shown us is that instead of a $2,500 savings, a family of four has experienced a $3,000 increase in their premiums. That is 105 percent in the 39 States or so that have ObamaCare exchanges. ObamaCare has been a failure if you consider the promises that were made and the promises that were broken. In experience, what we have seen is insur-ance companies, because of flaws in the design, literally leaving the States, leaving insured people with no option when it comes to their insurance. Per-haps they do have an insurance policy available, but their premiums have gone through the roof, as I indicated earlier—105 percent on balance since 2013. Their deductible is frequently so high that they are denied the benefit of what insurance they have because they are basically self-insured at $5,000, $6,000, $7,000, or more. Yesterday, we announced that our work on a market-driven, patient-cen-tered healthcare reform plan to replace ObamaCare would continue over the next few weeks. As I said yesterday, I expect that we will revisit the Better Care Act when we come back for the July work period, which is the week after the Fourth of July. As the Repub-lican conference has continued our dis-cussion on our plan to replace the failed Affordable Care Act, three things have become clear to me. Let me start with the first one. The first one is that our Democratic col-leagues are not willing to lift a finger to help. Surely, they have constitu-ents, as I do in Texas, who are con-tacting them, telling them about their horror stories with regard to no access to policies, premiums that are sky high, and deductibles that are unaffordable. Apparently, they are unmoved by those stories. As we continue to move toward a Re-publican healthcare solution, which is what we are left with when our Demo-cratic colleagues refuse to participate, I want to remind my colleagues as to why we have this choice before us and why the hard work is worth it. All of us have our stories from our States about premium hikes and lost coverage and frustration at the hands of a convoluted law, but I want to talk about the story of a young lady from Fort Worth, TX. She is a nurse who graduated from Texas Christian University in 2010. By her own account, she is young, in good health, and has a fulfilling career in the healthcare industry. Her first job took her to the Rio Grande Valley in South Texas. While she had to pay out- of-pocket for care, she only had a monthly healthcare premium of $71, but after the ObamaCare bill passed in 2013, she said: ‘‘My plan disappeared.’’ In other words, she was one of those who suffered from the broken promise that if you liked your plan, you could keep it, because it disappeared. There was a new plan, but her de-ductible rose to $8,500. Now, I do not know many people who could pay out- of-pocket $8,500 for their healthcare be-fore their health insurance kicked in. To add insult to injury, her monthly premium skyrocketed from $71 to $300. She is paying $300 a month for a policy with a deductible of $8,500. It is not worth very much. One year later, this plan under Blue Cross Blue Shield also disappeared, leaving her to consider the cheapest marketplace plan for $400 a month. She started at $71, went to $300, and then went to $400 a month for, what she called, a ‘‘dismal’’ policy. Ultimately, she did find a more af-fordable plan for $247 a month. Yet, every year, she has seen her premium grow. She started out at $71, finally to end with $247. That is three times-plus what she originally paid, and her pre-mium continues to grow every year. Yet, as a nurse, her perspective is not just about herself. She cares passion-ately about her patients as well. She wrote this to me: 
I’m irritated, but at least I can afford it. But who can’t? A lot of folks and a lot of my patients! I certainly couldn’t if I had a fam-ily. 
Doing nothing is not an option, which is why I am mystified that our Democratic colleagues have simply re-fused to participate in the process. For 7 years, we have promised the Amer-ican people we would replace ObamaCare with something better that would include market-based solutions in order to provide care that more peo-ple could afford. This is based on a principle that, I believe, is a core prin-ciple: If people have the choice between products, they will choose the one that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.017 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3846 June 29, 2017 
is best for them at a price they can af-ford. Competition actually benefits consumers by providing a better prod-uct at a cheaper cost. That is what market-driven competition is all about. To me, the choice is pretty simple. We either get rid of this failed law and replace it with real reform or ObamaCare will continue to collapse, and millions more people will continue to be harmed. Now, this is something former Presi-dent Clinton said, you will remember, during the campaign, which proved to be a little bit of an embarrassing com-ment when he said that ObamaCare was the ‘‘craziest thing in the world.’’ This was the former President of the United States, a Democrat, who was the husband of the Democratic nomi-nee for President in the 2016 election. He called ObamaCare the ‘‘craziest thing in the world’’ because he knew well that no matter who won the elec-tion, whether it was Hillary Clinton or President Trump, that we would be talking about how to protect the American people from this failing sys-tem known as ObamaCare. Yet our Democratic friends are ap-parently resigned to continue to let the American people suffer rather than try to do what is right and help make things better. The work we are left to do is hard, but it is no excuse for not trying. ObamaCare is hurting our country, and we have a chance to make it better and to right the path. I remain hopeful and optimistic because doing nothing is not an option. Let me just conclude with this obser-vation: What we are trying to accom-plish with the Better Care Act encom-passes four things. First, we are trying to stabilize the current insurance market to make sure there are actually insurance policies available for people to buy rather than to see them flee the marketplace. Second, we are trying to make sure we do everything we can to bring insur-ance premiums down—in other words, to make it more affordable—by elimi-nating some of the mandates that make it unaffordable right now. The third thing we are trying to do is to protect people with preexisting con-ditions. The Better Care Act or the BCRA as it is known—the Better Care Reconciliation Act—maintains the sta-tus quo when it comes to protecting people against preexisting conditions. We do not want anybody who has lost his coverage to be denied coverage be-cause of a preexisting condition when he tries to buy insurance from another insurance company. That is what hap-pens when you change your job. That is what happens when insurance compa-nies decide to leave the marketplace. They simply cannot afford to continue to write policies so you have to change policies, like this young lady—the nurse whom I mentioned—had to do on a couple of occasions. The fourth thing we are trying to do is to stabilize one of the most impor-tant safety net programs in our coun-try, which is Medicaid. There are three basic entitlement programs—Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. We are doing everything we can to stabilize Medicaid because we believe it is im-portant for low-income citizens to have access to healthcare through Medicaid if they cannot afford it through private insurance. I want to just address some of the misinformation and, I think, outright falsehoods we have heard from some people about what the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act does to Medicaid. I keep hearing people say this cuts Medicaid. It reduces the rate of growth of Medicaid, which is true. We basi-cally put Medicaid on a budget, and we grow it year, after year, after year, as I will mention in a moment, but no-where other than in Washington, DC, would anybody consider this a cut. For example, in 2017, we will spend $393 billion on Medicaid. Now, because this is a State-Federal cost share, in my State, it is either the No. 1 or No. 2 most expensive item in our spending under our State budget each year. It crowds out a lot of other things be-cause it is so expensive. Yet it is un-controlled, so, in 2017, we will see $393 billion spent. At the end of the budget window—10 years, reflected by 2026—the Federal Government will have spent, under the Budget Control Act, $464 billion. That is a $71 billion difference between 2017 and 2026. In no other alternate universe that I am aware of would this be con-sidered a cut. This is an increase in Medicaid. Now, we can have discussions—and we should and we are having discus-sions—as to: Is this an adequate rate of growth of Medicaid to meet the grow-ing population and to make sure people are taken care of? Nothing we do in this bill drops any-body from Medicaid, and the sugges-tion that it does is simply, I would sug-gest, not accurate, nor is it a cut. We can have discussions about what the proper rate of growth is, and we are having those discussions, but it is a fact, reflected by the Congressional Budget Office—which is the official scorekeeper in Congress—that, in 2017, we will spend $393 billion, and under the Better Care Reconciliation Act, we will spend $464 billion, which is a dif-ference of $71 billion over that 10 years. I know we will have a lot more to talk about as we continue to debate this bill. My hope is that we will have a bill that we will be able to send to the Congressional Budget Office, which will take a couple of weeks to score— that is a requirement—before we can actually bring it to the floor. I hope that at some point in the not-too-dis-tant future, we will be able to bring a bill to the floor and have a real debate and have an amendment process that will allow everybody and anybody in the Senate to offer amendments in order to change or modify the bill. In the end, I believe we have to de-cide because doing nothing is not an option. Doing nothing means con-signing the people who are being hurt by ObamaCare today to continue to be hurt and to be priced out of healthcare entirely. To my mind, that is not a re-sponsible thing for us to do. That is why I support the Better Care Reconciliation Act. It is not a perfect bill, but it is the next step in helping us turn our current healthcare disaster around. At some point, I hope our Democratic friends will join with us, as they have done under the two bills I mentioned earlier, for this is one of the most important things we will do in the Congress. If you think about what touches people’s lives in such a per-sonal way, it is hard to think of any-thing that does that more than healthcare. Right now, we are hearing a lot of scare stories and inaccuracies about what this bill does. There is plenty of room for debate and differences of opinion based on the facts, but as the saying goes, you are entitled to your own opinion, but you are not entitled to your own facts. Facts are facts, and based on the facts, we ought to argue our policy differences and then vote. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
LUNT ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing the provisions of rule XXII, it be in order to move to proceed to exec-utive session to consider the nomina-tion of Executive Calendar No. 104, Wil-liam Hagerty to be Ambassador to Japan. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider the nomination of Executive Calendar No. 104, William Hagerty to be Ambassador to Japan. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.022 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3847 June 29, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of William Francis Hagerty IV, of Tennessee, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to Japan. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of William Francis Hagerty IV, of Tennessee, to be Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to Japan. Mitch McConnell, Chuck Grassley, Deb Fischer, Steve Daines, Luther Strange, Bob Corker, Thom Tillis, Tom Cotton, Tim Scott, Johnny Isakson, Richard C. Shelby, Michael B. Enzi, Richard Burr, John Hoeven, David Perdue, Roy Blunt, Todd Young. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call with respect to the cloture motion be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY , JULY 3 , 2017, THROUGH  
MONDAY , JULY 10 , 2017 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn, to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted, on the following dates and times, and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Monday, July 3, at 6 p.m., Thursday, July 6, at 9 a.m. I further ask that when the Sen-ate adjourns on Thursday, July 6, it next convene at 3 p.m., Monday, July 10; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to execu-tive session and resume consideration of the Rao nomination; finally, that notwithstanding the provisions of rule XXII, the postcloture time on the Rao nomination expire at 5:30 p.m., Mon-day, July 10. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I was necessarily absent for the cloture vote on the nomination of Neomi Rao to be the Administrator of the Office of In-formation and Regulatory Affairs with-in the White House Office of Manage-ment and Budget. On vote No. 155, had I been present, I would have voted nay on the motion to invoke cloture on the Rao nomination. This administration has dedicated itself to undermining many of the com-monsense regulations that protect pub-lic health, workers, consumers, stu-dents, and the environment. Ms. Rao’s previous writings show that, as OIRA Administrator, she would likely continue this trend and actively work to prevent any new regu-lations from being implemented. She has previously called for in-creased political oversight of inde-pendent agencies, like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, and dra-matically limiting the regulatory au-thority of other Federal agencies. This is concerning as OIRA plays a critical role in the Federal regulatory process and often determines how new regulations are implemented. Therefore, I would have voted against cloture on Ms. Rao’s nomination as I do not believe she will adequately de-fend agencies’ duties to set safety standards that protect the public. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. LONNIE G. BUNCH III Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the Smithsonian Institution in Wash-ington, DC has as its newest treasure, the National Museum of African Amer-ican History and Culture. It is the work of many and would not be there without its founding director, Dr. Lon-nie G. Bunch III. I know as a member of the Smithso-nian board of regents that Dr. Bunch is the single most important person bringing about this magnificent mu-seum and one which will speak to the history of African Americans in this country more than anything else. We all know that history has seen an enormous amount of pain caused by vi-olence and deaths resulting from rac-ism in America. When you come into that moving museum, as I have many times, the last thing you would expect is someone who would leave the ulti-mate symbol of racism, a noose, hang-ing in it. I know the dismay felt by people of all races when it was found, but probably what has helped the heal-ing the most is the op-ed of June 23, 2017, in the New York Times, written by my friend, Lonnie Bunch. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the RECORD the op-ed, so that all can see it and so that it will be part of the history of the U.S. Senate. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From the New York Times, June 23, 2017] A N
OOSE AT THE SMITHSONIAN BRINGS  H
ISTORY BACK TO LIFE (By Lonnie G. Bunch III) The person who recently left a noose at the National Museum of African American His-tory and Culture clearly intended to intimi-date, by deploying one of the most feared symbols in American racial history. Instead, the vandal unintentionally offered a contem-porary reminder of one theme of the black experience in America: We continue to be-lieve in the potential of a country that has not always believed in us, and we do this against incredible odds. The noose—the second of three left on the National Mall in recent weeks—was found late in May in an exhibition that chronicles America’s evolution from the era of Jim Crow through the civil rights movement. Visitors discovered it on the floor in front of a display of artifacts from the Ku Klux Klan, as well as objects belonging to African- American soldiers who fought during World War I. Though these soldiers fought for de-mocracy abroad, they found little when they returned home. That display, like the museum as a whole, powerfully juxtaposes two visions of Amer-ica: one shaped by racism, violence and ter-ror, and one shaped by a belief in an America where freedom and fairness reign. I see the nooses as evidence that those visions con-tinue to battle in 2017 and that the struggle for the soul of America continues to this very day. The people responsible knew that their acts would not be taken lightly. A noose is a symbol of the racial violence and terror that African-Americans have confronted through-out American history and of the intensity of resistance we’ve faced to any measure of ra-cial equality. During slavery, one of the main purposes of lynching was to deter the enslaved from escaping to freedom. But lynching did not end with slavery; it was also a response to the end of slavery. It con-tinued from the 1880s until after the end of World War I, with more than 100 people lynched each year. So prevalent was this atrocity that between 1920 and 1938, the N.A.A.C.P. displayed a banner at its national headquarters that read simply, ‘‘A man was lynched yesterday.’’ Lynching was not just a phenomenon of the American South or the Ku Klux Klan. And in many places, as black people fought for inclusion in American life, lynchings be-came brutal spectacles, drawing thousands of onlookers who posed for photographs with the lifeless bodies. This collective memory explains why the noose has become a symbol of white supremacy and racial intimidation. So, what does it mean to have found three nooses on Smithsonian grounds in 2017? A 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.024 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3848 June 29, 2017 
noose inside a Missouri high school? A noose on the campus of Duke University? Another at American University? As a historian, who also happens to be old enough to remember ‘‘Whites Only’’ signs on motels and restaurants that trumpeted the power of laws enforcing segregation, I posit that it means we must lay to rest any notion that racism is not still the great divide. As someone who has experienced the humiliating sting of racial epithets and the pain of a policeman’s blow—simply because I was black and in a neighborhood not my own—I would argue that it answers a naı ´ve and dangerous question that I hear too often: Why can’t African-Americans get over past discrimination? The answer is that discrimination is not confined to the past. Nor is the African- American commitment to American ideals in the face of discrimination and hate. The exhibitions inside the museum com-bine to form a narrative of a people who re-fused to be broken by hatred and who have always found ways to prod America to be truer to the ideals of its founders. In the process of curating these experi-ences, I have acquired, examined and inter-preted objects that stir feelings of intense pain. Anger and sadness are always parts of this work, but I never let them dominate it. Instead, I use them to help me connect with the people who have suffered and continue to suffer immeasurable pain and injustice, while clinging to their humanity and their vision of a better country. I see the nooses in the same way. They are living history. Viewed through this lens, they are no less a part of the story the mu-seum tells than the Klan robes, the slave shackles small enough to fit a child, the stretch of rope used to lynch a Maryland man in 1931 or the coffin used to bury the brutally murdered Emmett Till. If you want to know how African-Ameri-cans continue to persevere and fight for a better America in the face of this type of ha-tred, you need only visit the museum, where the noose has been removed but the rest of the remarkable story of our commitment to overcome remains. Anyone who experiences the National Museum of African American History and Culture should leave with that realization, as well as the understanding that this story is continuing. The cowardly act of leaving a symbol of hate in the midst of a tribute to our survival conveyed that message as well as any exhibit ever could. f 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, last night in the Kennedy Caucus Room, the U.S. Capitol Historical Society honored the Senate Appropriations Committee with a celebration of its 150th anniversary. Past and present committee members and staff gathered to reflect on the his-tory of the committee, and Senate His-torian Betty Koed gave a wonderful keynote address. Established on March 6, 1867, the committee’s powers are rooted in arti-cle 1, section 9, of our Constitution which states, ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Con-sequence of Appropriations made by Law.’’ The Founders recognized the power of the purse as one of the most important tools Congress has to ensure our system of checks and balances and to conduct oversight of the executive and judicial branch—but it is much more than that. The Appropriations Committee is where we translate the priorities of a nation into the realities of the people. Our country is not a business, where we allocate resources only according to the bottom line. We do not invest in order to make a profit or a one-for-one dollar in return. We invest in those areas where it is uniquely right for government to take the lead. We invest in the areas that make a difference in the everyday lives of Americans and that help build the foundations of our country and our economy—infrastruc-ture, national security, our environ-ment, education, science and research, healthcare. I want to thank the U.S. Capitol His-torical Society for organizing this an-niversary celebration, and I ask unani-mous consent that the text of the re-marks given by Senate Historian Betty Koed be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
APPROPRIATIONS COMMITTEE 150TH  
ANNIVERSARY  
WEDNESDAY , JUNE 28 , 2017 
BETTY K . KOED , SENATE HISTORIAN  On March 6, 2017, the Senate reached an important milestone in the history of its committees. The Committee on Appropria-tions turned 150 years old. For its first quarter-century, the Senate operated without permanent legislative com-mittees. Instead, it relied on temporary ‘‘se-lect’’ committees to manage proposals and write bills. In 1816, having created nearly a hundred of these ad hoc committees, the Senate decided on something more perma-nent. In December of 1816, it created eleven standing committees, including Judiciary, Foreign Relations, Commerce, and Finance. However, it did not create a Committee on Appropriations. Over the next five decades, the Finance Committee handled most appropriations, but that overworked committee struggled with the haphazard funding requests of executive agencies. Wishing to appear frugal, agency directors often understated their funding needs to the House of Representatives and then, in the hectic final days of a session, quietly turned to the Senate for emergency funds. The threat of suspended operations usually convinced Congress to replenish the coffers. If agencies ran a surplus, directors simply spent those funds as they pleased. By the 1860s senators realized that they needed to gain better control over appropria-tions. The Civil War had vastly expanded fed-eral spending. In fact, in 1865, expenditures passed the billion-dollar mark for the first time in our national history. The lack of centralized control over appro-priations also played to the president’s ad-vantage, and the executive often spent mil-lions without first securing formal congres-sional appropriations. In other words, by the end of the Civil War, no less than the power of the purse was at stake. On March 6, 1867, two years after similar action taken by the House, Senator Henry Anthony of Rhode Island proposed a new committee to consider spending bills. The Senate agreed—by unanimous con-sent—and passed subsequent legislation to better regulate how such funds were used. Before long, this new committee became a Senate powerhouse. Led by strong chairmen like Iowa’s William B. Allison, the Appro-priations Committee reached new heights of influence during the Senate’s Gilded Age. Not surprisingly, senators who did not serve on the committee began to complain. Did this upstart committee have too much power? Chairmen of the legislative commit-tees, as well as the heads of executive agen-cies, said yes, and looked for ways to wrest back some of that power. In the 1890s, senators curtailed the juris-diction of the Appropriations Committee, giving control over spending in certain areas, such as agriculture, military affairs, and pensions, back to legislative commit-tees. Committee chairs were delighted, but with no centralized control over the budgetary process, the committees ran amok. Spending increased with little or no accountability. And so, in 1921, again prompted by war-re-lated costs that had pushed annual spending to more than $25 billion a year, Congress passed the Budget and Accounting Act. Signed by President Warren G. Harding, the 1921 law required an annual budget from the president, created the General Account-ing Office (now GAO), the Bureau of the Budget (now the OMB), and led to the estab-lishment of permanent subcommittees for Appropriations. But passage of that bill was just the begin-ning. In implementing the new law, Chair-man Francis E. Warren of Wyoming shaped the future of the committee. In 1922 Warren introduced a successful res-olution to again centralize the appropria-tions process. He also included in his resolu-tion a revision to Rule 16, requiring that all general appropriation bills, and amendments to such bills, be referred to the Committee on Appropriations. This, in essence, established the broad ju-risdiction that the committee enjoys today. Since that time, the Appropriations Com-mittee has continued to evolve as its duties and workload were amended by subsequent legislation. Of course, the biggest change came in 1974 with the Budget Act, which created the House and Senate Budget Committees along with the Congressional Budget Office. But, again, the Appropriations Committee re-mained intact. In the 1980s and 90s, other elements were added—Gramm-Rudman, budget summits, PAYGO, CRs—but you know that history better than I do. You’ve been living it. Today—150 years after its creation—the Senate Committee on Appropriations, ably led by Chairman Cochran and Vice Chairman Leahy, continues to be a powerful and influ-ential voice in national policymaking. Of course, that doesn’t mean that the ap-propriations process has always been easy. In fact, at times, it has been downright testy. For example, on a hot day in August of 1950, as the Senate continued working past its targeted adjournment date, tempers in-side the committee room got to be nearly as hot as the scorching summer sun. ‘‘The Senate is beginning to show signs of overwork,’’ observed newspaper columnist Jack Anderson. ‘‘Sessions are growing longer,’’ he wrote, ‘‘and tempers shorter.’’ Among the confrontations that caught An-derson’s eye was a battle between two of the Hill’s best known curmudgeons, Tennessee senator Kenneth McKellar and Missouri Rep-resentative Clarence Cannon. They were the chairmen of the Senate and House Appropriations Committees and for years they had argued bitterly over federal spending. That battle reached a climax in 1950. ‘‘A gavel-bashing, name-calling clash be-tween 81-year-old . . . McKellar, and 71-year- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.032 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3849 June 29, 2017 
old . . . Cannon, was broken up . . . just short of physical violence,’’ noted the Wash-ington Post on August 19, 1950. While meeting in conference, Senator McKellar had sharply commented on Can-non’s personality, using language peppered with words such as blind, stupid, and pig-headed. Infuriated, Cannon sprang from his chair, rushed towards McKellar, and shouted, ‘‘I’ve taken all I’m going to [take].’’ Startled but defiant, McKellar snatched the gavel and tried to rap it on Cannon’s head. ‘‘In the nick of time,’’ the Post reported, a staff member ‘‘grabbed Cannon’’ and ‘‘two senators seized the gavel from McKellar.’’ Peace was restored . . . for the moment. A decade later, another chairman of the Appropriations Committee—Senator Carl Hayden of Arizona—fought so bitterly with old Clarence Cannon that the two houses of Congress had to establish neutral ground. Like McKellar, Hayden was an old hand at appropriations. With 50 years of congres-sional service behind him, his skillful man-agement of spending bills had earned him the label, ‘‘the third senator from every state.’’ But Hayden’s notable length of service had not prepared him for Clarence Cannon. In the House since 1923, Cannon knew his way around bicameral disputes. This was a battle of the titans on Capitol Hill. ‘‘Government agencies are frantically going broke,’’ wrote a reporter in June of 1962, just because two members of Congress ‘‘keep yelling at each other.’’ For months, Cannon and Hayden had de-layed action on legislation while they argued over seemingly petty issues. The press dubbed it the ‘‘Battle of the Oc-togenarians,’’ but underlying this crisis was a dispute as old as Congress itself. Was the Senate truly the ‘‘upper house’’? Fueling the argument was a long-sim-mering House resentment of the Senate’s general air of superiority, an attitude which had resulted in some rather high-handed practices. For example, for nearly two centuries, all conference committees had been chaired by senators, and such meetings had always been held on the Senate side of the Capitol. In 1962, the House decided to challenge this old custom of senatorial privilege. Leading the charge was Appropriations Chairman Clarence Cannon. Defending the Senate’s prerogatives—Carl Hayden. Cannon informed Hayden that he refused to make the trek to the Senate side of the Hill for conference meetings. From now on, he insisted, senators had to walk to the House side—at least half of the time! Fur-thermore, he demanded that he be allowed to chair half of the conferences. Hayden countered. In that case, he in-sisted, the Senate would initiate half of all appropriations bills. The resulting stalemate lasted for months. Meeting after meeting produced no agree-ment. The appropriations process remained stalled well past the end of the fiscal year, while government agencies scrambled for funds. Finally, Carl Hayden called for a truce. He suggested a special meeting to be held on neutral ground and turned to Senate Major-ity Leader Mike Mansfield for a solution. Needless to say, Mansfield was anxious to end the battle. He searched for a proper meeting space. Finally, he opened EF–100, a small room located off the crypt, in the exact center of the Capitol. ‘‘I even agreed to have it surveyed,’’ Mans-field explained, ‘‘so that the conference table would not be so much as an eighth of an inch more on one side than the other.’’ Presented with this option, Chairman Can-non agreed to meet in conference, but stood firm in his demands to co-chair meetings. To end the crisis, and probably urged on by Mansfield, Carl Hayden relented. The Senate sacrificed a few of its cherished privileges, and government operations returned to nor-mal. Pundits dismissed the battle as a tempest in a teapot, but more astute observers recog-nized that this high-profile battle was an-other chapter in an on-going struggle over the shared constitutional powers of the Sen-ate and the House. Finally, this evening I would like to high-light an important but mostly forgotten milestone in this committee’s history. Since 1867, about 300 senators have served on the committee. Of those 300, a mere dozen have been women. The first woman to serve was, of course, Margaret Chase Smith of Maine, who joined the committee in 1953. As you all know, in 2012, Senator Barbara Mikulski—the second woman to serve on the committee—became the first woman to chair it. Those are both major milestones in Senate history. Here’s one more. Way back in 1911, a woman served as chief clerk to the Senate Appropriations Com-mittee. Her name was Leona Wells. She joined the Senate’s clerical staff in 1901 and remained on the payroll for 25 years. I believe her to be the first woman to hold a top committee po-sition in the Senate. Born in Illinois in 1877, Wells moved to Wy-oming when she turned 21, because this young suffragist could cast a vote in Wyo-ming. There she met Senator Francis E. Warren, whose patronage brought her to Washington. As chair of the Military Affairs Com-mittee, Senator Warren appointed Wells to the committee’s clerical staff When he be-came chairman of Appropriations in 1911, he brought Wells with him, giving her the posi-tion of chief clerk—although it appears that the Senate never officially gave her that title. At the time, Leona Wells was unusual—a well-paid professional woman on Capitol Hill. In fact, she was so unusual that she at-tracted media attention. Leona Wells ‘‘is probably the most envied woman in government service,’’ reported the Boston Globe in an article titled ‘‘Uncle Sam’s Highest Salaried Woman.’’ Not only did she earn a good salary, the Globe noted, but she is ‘‘the first woman em-ployee of the Senate to be placed in charge of the affairs of a big committee.’’ Wells scouted new territory for female staff, but one area remained off limits—the Senate Chamber. When Chairman Warren was on the floor doing committee business, Wells had to wait outside. Male committee clerks freely entered the chamber, but the Senate was not yet ready to admit a female staffer. Instead, as the Globe reported, Wells waited ‘‘just outside the swing doors of the chamber . . . and kept the door an inch or two ajar that she might hear everything that went on inside.’’ Leona Wells is largely forgotten now, but her service on the Appropriations Committee opened a door so other women could follow. Her story is also part of this committee’s history. This has been an all-too-brief summary of the history of this important committee, but I hope it will serve as a reminder. Just like Francis Warren or Carl Hayden or even Leona Wells, all of you—chairs, vice chairs, members, and staff—are part of the history of the Committee on Appropriations. ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–68, concerning the Department of the Navy’s proposed Letter(s) of Acceptance to the Taipei Economic and Cultural Rep-resentative Office in the United States for defense articles and services estimated to cost $175 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to our office, we plan to issue a news re-lease to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–68 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office (TECRO) in the United States. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $100 million. Other $75 million. Total $175 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): One hundred sixty-eight (168) MK–54 Light-weight Torpedo (LWT) Conversion Kits. Non-MDE includes: Shipping containers, operator manuals and technical documenta-tion, U.S. Government and contractor engi-neering, technical and logistics support serv-ices. (iv) Military Department: Navy. (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: FMS Cases TW–P–AJX and TW–P–AKB. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: June 29, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.035 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3850 June 29, 2017 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Taipei Economic and Cultural Representa-tive Office (TECRO) in the United States— MK–54 Lightweight Torpedo (LWT) Conver-sion Kits TECRO has requested a possible sale of MK–54 Lightweight Torpedo (LWT) Conver-sion Kits. This request provides the recipient with MK–54 LWTs in support of their LWT program. This sale will include LWT con-tainers, torpedo support, torpedo spare parts, publications, training, weapon system sup-port, engineering and technical assistance for the upgrade and conversion of one hun-dred sixty eight (168) MK–46 Mod 5 Torpedoes to the MK–54 Lightweight Torpedo (LWT) configuration. The total estimated program cost is $175 million. This proposed sale is consistent with United States law and policy, as expressed in Public Law 96–8. This proposed sale serves U.S. national, economic and security interests by sup-porting the recipient’s continuing efforts to modernize its armed forces and enhance its defensive capabilities. The proposed sale will help improve the security of the recipient and assist in maintaining political stability, military balance and economic progress in the region. The proposed sale will improve the recipi-ent’s capability in current and future defen-sive efforts. The recipient will use the en-hance capability as a deterrent to regional threats and to strengthen homeland defense. The recipient will have no difficulty absorb-ing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The will be various contactors involved in this case. There are no known offset agreements pro-posed in connection with this potential sale. It is estimated that during implementation of this proposed sale, a number of U.S. Gov-ernment and contractor representatives will be assigned to the recipient or travel there intermittently during the program. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–68 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended Annex Item No vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The MK 54 Lightweight Torpedo (LWT) has been in service in the U.S. Navy (USN) since 2004. The version offered in this sale is the MK54 Mod 0 of the system. The purchaser currently does not have this weapon system in its inventory. The proposed sale consists 168 MK–54 Mod 0 LWT conversion kits, con-tainers, spare and repair parts, weapon sys-tem support and integration, personnel training, training equipment, test equip-ment, U.S. Government and contractor engi-neering, technical and logistical support services and other related elements of logistical support. a. Although the MK 54 Mod 0 LWT is con-sidered state-of-the-art-technology, there is no Critical Program Information associated with the MK 54 Mod 0 LWT hardware, tech-nical documentation or software. The high-est classification of the hardware to be ex-ported is SECRET. The highest classification of the technical manual that will be exported is CONFIDENTIAL. The technical manual is required for operation of the MK 54 Mod 0 LWT. The highest classification of the soft-ware to be exported is SECRET. 2. Loss of hardware, software, publications or other items associated with the proposed sale to a technologically advanced or com-petent adversary, poses the risk of the de-struction of the countermeasures or replica-tion and/or improvements to the adversary’s Undersea Weapon Systems, weakening U.S. defense capabilities. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures which might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in development of a system with similar or advanced capabili-ties. 4. A determination has been made that the recipient country can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sen-sitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in fur-therance of the U.S. foreign policy and na-tional security objectives in the Policy jus-tification. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the government of Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office (IECRO) in the United States. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–69, concerning the Department of the Navy’s proposed Letter(s) of Acceptance to the Taipei Economic and Cultural Rep-resentative Office in the United States for defense articles and services estimated to cost $250 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to our office, we plan to issue a news re-lease to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J. W. R
IXEY Vice Admiral, USN, Director. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–69 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office (TECRO) in the United States. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $150 million. Other $100 million. Total $250 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Forty-six (46) MK 48 Mod 6AT Heavyweight Torpedoes (HWT). Non-MDE includes: Shipping containers, operator manuals and technical documenta-tion, U.S. Government and contractor engi-neering, technical and logistics support serv-ices. (iv) Military Department: Navy. (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc. Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Notification Delivered to Con-gress: June 29, 2017. As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Taipei Economic and Cultural Representa-tive Office (TECRO) in the United States— MK 48 Mod 6AT Heavyweight Torpedo (HWT) Taiwan has requested a possible sale of forty-six (46) MK 48 Mod 6AT Heavyweight Torpedoes (HWT). This sale will include HWT containers, torpedo support, torpedo spare parts, publications, training, weapon system support, engineering and technical assistance. The total estimated program cost is $250 million. This proposed sale is consistent with United States law and policy, as expressed in Public Law 96–8. This proposed sale serves U.S. national, economic and security interests by sup-porting the recipient’s continuing efforts to modernize its armed forces and enhance its defensive capabilities. The proposed sale will help improve the security of the recipient and assist in maintaining political stability, military balance and economic progress in the region. The proposed sale will improve the recipi-ent’s capability in current and future defen-sive efforts. The recipient will use the en-hanced capability as a deterrent to regional threats and to strengthen homeland defense. The recipient will have no difficulty absorb-ing this equipment into its armed forces. There are no prime contractors associated with this case as all materials will be pro-cured from U.S. Navy stocks. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connec-tion with this potential sale. It is estimated that during implementation of this this proposed sale a number of U.S. Government and contractor representatives will be assigned to the recipient or travel there intermittently during the program. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–69 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended Annex Item No vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The MK 48 Heavy Weight Torpedo (HWT) has been in service in the U.S. Navy (USN) since 1972. This sale furnishes the MK 48 Mod 6 Advanced Technology (AT) version of the system. The purchaser currently does not have this weapon system in its inventory. The proposed sale consists of 46 HWTs, con-tainers, spare and repair parts, weapons sys-tem support and integration, personnel training, training equipment, test equip-ment, U.S. Government and contractor engi-neering, technical and logistics support serv-ices and other related elements of logistical support a. There is no Critical Program Informa-tion associated with the MK 48 Mod 6AT HWT hardware, technical documentation or software. The highest classification of the hardware to be exported is SECRET. The highest classification of the technical man-ual that will be exported is CONFIDENTIAL. The technical manual is required for oper-ation of the MK 48 Mod 6AT HWT. The high-est classification of the software to be ex-ported is SECRET. The MK 48 Mod 6AT HWT meets Anti-Tampering requirements. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures which might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in development of a system with similar or advanced capabili-ties. 3. A determination has been made that the recipient country can provide substantially 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.040 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3851 June 29, 2017 
the same degree of protection for the sen-sitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in fur-therance of the U.S. foreign policy and na-tional security objectives in the Policy jus-tification. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office (TECRO) in the United States. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–67, concerning the Department of the Navy’s proposed Letter(s) of Acceptance to the Taipei Economic and Cultural Rep-resentative Office in the United States for defense articles and services estimated to cost $125 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to our office, we plan to issue a news re-lease to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–67 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Ex-port Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office (TECRO) in the United States (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment $100 million. Other $25 million. TOTAL $125 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Sixteen (16) Standard Missile–2 (SM–2) Block IIIA All-Up Rounds (AUR) Forty-seven (47) MK 93 MOD 1 SM–2 Block IIIA Guidance Sections (GSs). Five (5) MK 45 MOD 14 SM–2 Block IIIA Target Detecting Device (TDDs) Shrouds. Non-MDE includes: Seventeen (17) MK 11 MOD6 SM–2 Block IIIA Autopilot Battery Units (APBUs) maneuverability upgrades on the GSs, sixty-nine (69) section containers and sixteen (16) AUR containers, operator manuals and technical documentation, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistics support services. (iv) Military Department: Navy (LHT). (v) Prior Related Cases if any: FMS Cases TW–P–LGQ. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See attached annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: June 29, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Taipei Economic and Cultural Representa-tive Office (TECRO) in the United States— SM–2 Block IIIA Standard Missiles and Components TECRO has requested a possible sale of six-teen (16) Standard Missile–2 (SM–2) Block IIIA All-Up Rounds (AUR), forty-seven (47) MK 93 MOD 1 SM–2 Block IIIA Guidance Sec-tions (GSs), and five (5) MK 45 MOD 14 SM– 2 Block IIIA Target Detecting Devices (TDDs) Shrouds. This request also includes Seventeen (17) MK 11 MOD6 SM–2 Block IIIA Autopilot Battery Units (APBUs) maneuver-ability upgrades on the GSs, sixty-nine (69) section containers and sixteen (16) AUR con-tainers, operator manuals and technical doc-umentation, U.S. Government and con-tractor engineering, technical and logistics support services. The total estimated pro-gram cost is $125 million. This proposed sale is consistent with United States law and policy, as expressed in Public Law 96–8. This proposed sale serves U.S. national, economic and security interests by sup-porting the recipient’s continuing efforts to modernize its armed forces and enhance its defensive capabilities. The proposed sale will help improve the security of the recipient and assist in maintaining political stability, military balance and economic progress in the region. The proposed sale will improve the recipi-ent’s capability in current and future defen-sive efforts. The recipient will use the en-hanced capability as a deterrent to regional threats and to strengthen homeland defense. The SM–2 Block IIIA missiles and compo-nents proposed in this purchase will be used to supplement existing inventories of SM–2 Block IIIAs to be used for self-defense against air and cruise missile threats on-board their destroyer-class surface ships. The recipient will have no difficulty absorb-ing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the military balance in the region. The prime contractor will be Raytheon Missiles Systems Company of Tucson, Ari-zona. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. It is estimated that during implementation of this proposed sale, a number of U.S. Gov-ernment and contractor representatives will be assigned to the recipient or travel there intermittently during the program. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–67 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. A completely assembled STANDARD Missile–2 (SM–2) Block IIIA with or without a conventional warhead, whether a tactical or inert (training) configuration, is classified CONFIDENTIAL. Missile component hard-ware includes: Guidance Section (classified CONFIDENTIAL), Target Detection Device (classified CONFIDENTIAL), Warhead (UN-CLASSIFIED), Rocket Motor (UNCLASSI-FIED), Steering Control Section (UNCLAS-SIFIED), Safe and Arming Device (UNCLAS-SIFIED), and Autopilot Battery Unit (classi-fied CONFIDENTIAL). 2. SM–2 operator and maintenance docu-mentation is considered CONFIDENTIAL. Shipboard operation/firing guidance is con-sidered CONFIDENTIAL. Pre-firing missile assembly/pedigree information is UNCLAS-SIFIED. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures that might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capa-bilities. 4. A determination has been made that re-cipient can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sensitive tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national secu-rity objectives outlined in the Policy Jus-tification. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office (TECRO) in the United States. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–73, concerning the Department of the Air Force proposed Letter(s) of Acceptance to the Taipei Economic and Cultural Rep-resentative Office in the United States for defense articles and services estimated to cost $185.5 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to our office, we plan to issue a news re-lease to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–73 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office (TECRO) in the United States. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $83.5 million. Other $102.0 million. Total $185.5 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Fifty-six (56) AGM–154C Joint Standoff Weapons (JSOWs). Non-MDE includes: JSOW integration, cap-tive flight vehicles, dummy training mis-siles, missile containers, spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, Joint Mission Planning System updates, publica-tions and technical documentation, per-sonnel training and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistical and pro-gram support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (QBZ). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: June 29, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Taipei Economic and Cultural Representa-tive Office (TECRO) in the United States— AGM–154C Joint Standoff Weapon (JSOW) Missiles TECRO requested a possible sale of fifty- six (56) AGM–154C JSOW Air-to-Ground Mis-siles. This request also includes: JSOW inte-gration, captive flight vehicles, dummy training missiles, missile containers, spare and repair parts, support and test equip-ment, Joint Mission Planning System up-dates, publications and technical docu-mentation, personnel training and training 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.041 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3852 June 29, 2017 
equipment, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistical and program support. The total es-timated program cost is $185.5 million. This proposed sale is consistent with U.S. law and policy as expressed in Public Law 96– 8. This proposed sale serves U.S. national, economic, and security interests by sup-porting the recipient’s continuing efforts to modernize its armed forces and to maintain a credible defensive capability. The proposed sale will help improve the security of the re-cipient and assist in maintaining political stability, military balance, and economic progress in the region. The proposed sale will improve the recipi-ent’s capability in current and future defen-sive efforts. The recipient will use the en-hanced capability as a deterrent to regional threats and to strengthen homeland defense. The recipient will have no difficulty absorb-ing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. Currently, market research is being con-ducted to determine the viability of a quali-fied contractor in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulations. The purchaser typi-cally requests offsets, but any offsets will be determined between the purchaser and the contractor. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives outside the United States. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–73 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The AGM–154C Joint Standoff Weapon (JSOW) is a low observable, 1,000 lb. class, in-ertial navigation and global positioning sat-ellite guided family of air-to-ground glide weapons. JSOW consists of a common air-frame and avionics that provides for a mod-ular payload assembly to attack stationary and moving massed flight-armored and ar-mored vehicle columns, surface-to-air, soft to hard, relocatable, and fixed targets. JSOW provides combat forces with an all-weather, day/night/multiple kills per pass, launch and leave, and standoff capability. 2. The highest classification of the hard-ware to be exported is SECRET. The highest classification of the technical documenta-tion to be exported is SECRET, but no radar cross-section and infrared signature data nor U.S.-only tactics or tactical doctrine will be disclosed. The highest classification of the software to be exported is SECRET; however, no software source code will be disclosed. All reprogramming of missile microprocessor memories must be accomplished by U.S. Government personnel or U.S. Government approved contractors. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures that might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capa-bilities. 4. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the Policy Justifica-tion. Moreover, the benefits to be derived from this sale, as outlined in the Policy Jus-tification, outweigh the potential damage that could result if the sensitive technology were revealed to unauthorized persons. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Taipei Economic and Cul-tural Representative Office (TECRO) in the United States. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. H
ON. BOBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–75, concerning the Department of the Air Force proposed Letter(s) of Acceptance to the Taipei Economic and Cultural Rep-resentative Office in the United States for defense articles and services estimated to cost $400 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to our office, we plan to issue a news re-lease to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXEY, Vice Admiral, USN, Director. Enclosure. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–75 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office (TECRO) in the United States. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment (MDE)* $0 mil-lion. Other $400 million. Total $400 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Non-MDE includes: Follow-on sustainment package for the Surveillance Radar Program (SRP) that includes contractor logistics sup-port (sustainment); engineering services and technical updates to address equipment obso-lescence; transportation and material costs associated with contractor repair and return services; spare and repair parts; support and test equipment; publications and technical documentation personnel training and train-ing equipment; U.S. Government and con-tractor engineering; technical and logistics support services; and other related elements of logistical and program support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (QAP). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: TW–D– DAH—$831 million—27 Oct 2004; TW–D–QAI— $370 million—25 May 2012. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: June 29, 2017. * As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Taipei Economic and Cultural Representa-tive Office (TECRO) in the United States— Surveillance Radar Program (SRP) Oper-ation and Maintenance Support TECRO requested a possible sale of SRP Operations and Maintenance follow-on sustainment package that includes, con-tractor logistics support (sustainment); engi-neering services and technical updates to ad-dress equipment obsolescence; transpor-tation and material costs associated with contractor repair and return services; spare and repair parts; support and test equip-ment; publications and technical documenta-tion personnel training and training equip-ment; U.S. Government and contractor engi-neering; technical and logistics support serv-ices; and other related elements of logistical and program support. The total estimated program cost is $400 million. This proposed sale is consistent with United States law and policy as expressed in Public Law 96–8. This proposed sale contributes to the for-eign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity and defensive capability of the recipi-ent, which has been and continues to be an important force for political stability, mili-tary balance, and economic progress in the region. The proposed sale improves the recipient’s capability to provide early warning against current and future airborne threats. The SRP is a key component to the recipient’s Command, Control, Communications, Com-puters, Intelligence Surveillance and Recon-naissance architecture. It will use the re-quested updates and sustainment as a defen-sive deterrent to regional threats and to strengthen its homeland defense. This poten-tial sale will not introduce new capabilities, but will continue a similar sustainment package to one currently in place. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. Currently, market research is being con-ducted to determine the viability of a quali-fied contractor in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulations. The purchaser typi-cally requests offsets, but any offsets will be determined between the purchaser and the contractor. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives outside the United States. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–75 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The purchaser currently owns an Early Warning Radar (EWR) that serves as a crit-ical element to its Command, Control, Com-munications, Computers, Intelligence, Sur-veillance, and Reconnaissance (C4ISR) infra-structure. The radars provide a robust capa-bility to detect, acquire, and track theater ballistic missiles, air breathing targets, and cruise missile threats. The system is able to operate in severe clutter and jamming envi-ronments amid high levels of background radio frequency interference. The follow on sustainment package requested will not in-troduce new capabilities. 2. The highest classification of the hard-ware to be exported is UNCLASSIFIED. The highest classification of the technical docu-mentation to be exported is SECRET. There are technical manuals as well as Engineering Change Proposals, drawings, and specifica-tions required as part of the sustainment up-dates. Components requiring depot level maintenance will be shipped to the U.S. for servicing. The highest level of software to be exported is UNCLASSIFIED. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures which might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capa-bilities. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.043 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3853 June 29, 2017 
4. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the Policy Justifica-tion. Moreover, the benefits to be derived from this sale, as outlined in the Policy Jus-tification, outweigh the potential damage that could result if the sensitive technology were revealed to unauthorized persons. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Taipei Economic and Cul-tural Representative Office (TECRO) in the United States. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–74, concerning the Department of the Air Force proposed Letter(s) of Acceptance to the Taipei Economic and Cultural Rep-resentative Office in the United States for defense articles and services estimated to cost $147.5 million. After this letter is deliv-ered to our office, we plan to issue a news re-lease to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXLEY , Vice Admiral, USN, Director. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–74 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office (TECRO) in the United States (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $47.5 million. Other $100.0 million. Total $147.5 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Fifty (50) AGM–88B High-Speed Anti-Radi-ation Missiles (HARMs). Ten (10) AGM–88B Training HARMs. Non-MDE includes: HARM integration, LAU–118A Launchers, missile containers, spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, Joint Mission Planning System update, publications and technical docu-mentation, personnel training and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistical and program support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (QBZ). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: June 29, 2017. * As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Taipei Economic and Cultural Representa-tive Office (TECRO) in the United States— AGM–88B High-Speed Anti-Radiation Mis-siles (HARM) TECRO requested a possible sale of fifty (50) AGM–88B HARMs and ten (10) AGM–88B Training HARMs. This request also includes: HARM integration, LAU–118A Launchers, missile containers, spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, Joint Mission Planning System update, publications and technical documentation, personnel training and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and lo-gistics support services, and other related elements of logistical and program support. The total estimated program cost is $147.5 million. This proposed sale is consistent with U.S. law and policy as expressed in Public Law 96– 8. This proposed sale serves U.S. national, economic, and security interests by sup-porting the recipient’s continuing efforts to modernize its armed forces and to maintain a credible defensive capability. The proposed sale will help improve the security of the re-cipient and assist in maintaining political stability, military balance, and economic progress in the region. The proposed sale will improve the recipi-ent’s capability in current and future defen-sive efforts. The recipient will use the en-hanced capability as a deterrent to regional threats and to strengthen homeland defense. The recipient will have no difficulty absorb-ing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. Currently, market research is being con-ducted to determine the viability of a quali-fied contractor in accordance with Federal Acquisition Regulations. The purchaser typi-cally requests offsets, but any offsets will be determined between the purchaser and the contractor. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives outside the United States. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–74 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. AGM–88B High-Speed Anti-Radiation Missile (HARM) is a supersonic air-to-sur-face missile designed to seek and destroy enemy radar-equipped air defense systems. HARM has a proportional guidance system that hones in on enemy radar emissions through a fixed antenna and seeker head in the missile nose. The missile consists of four sections; guidance section, warhead, control section, and rocket motor. 2. The highest classification of the hard-ware to be exported is SECRET. The highest classification of the technical documenta-tion to be exported is SECRET, but no radar cross-section and infrared signature data nor U.S.-only tactics or tactical doctrine will be disclosed. The highest classification of the software to be exported is SECRET; however, no software source code will be disclosed. All reprogramming of missile microprocessor memories must be accomplished by U.S. Government personnel or U.S. Government approved contractors. 3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures which might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capa-bilities. 4. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the Policy Justifica-tion. Moreover, the benefits to be derived from this sale, as outlined in the Policy Jus-tification, outweigh the potential damage that could result if the sensitive technology were revealed to unauthorized persons. A de-termination has been made that the recipi-ent country can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Gov-ernment. This sale is necessary in further-ance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification and in accordance with the Tai-wan Relations Act. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Taipei Economic and Cul-tural Representative Office (TECRO) in the United States. DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 16–70, concerning the Department of the Navy proposed Letter(s) of Acceptance to the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representa-tive Office in the United States for defense articles and services estimated to cost $80 million. After this letter is delivered to our office, we plan to issue a news release to no-tify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, J.W. R
IXLEY , Vice Admiral, USN, Director. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–70 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office (TECRO) in the United States (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $ 0 million. Other $ 80 million. Total $ 80 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Non-MDE Includes: AN/SLQ–32(V)3 Elec-tronic Warfare System upgrade hardware, software, support equipment and parts, pub-lications, training, engineering and tech-nical assistance. (iv) Military Department: Navy (LHW). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: FMS Cases TW–P–SDV, TW–P–GNT, and TW–P–GOU. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: June 29, 2017. * As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Taipei Economic and Cultural Representa-tive Office (TECRO) in the United States— AN/SLO–32(V)3 Upgrade TECRO has requested a possible sale to up-grade the AN/SLQ–32(V)3 Electronic Warfare Systems in support of four (4) ex-KIDD Class (now KEELUNG Class) destroyers. This sale will include AN/SLQ– 32(V)3 upgrade hardware, software, support equipment and parts, publications, training, engineering and technical assistance. The total estimated program cost is $80 million. This proposed sale is consistent with United States law and policy, as expressed in Public Law 96–8. This proposed sale serves U.S. national, economic and security interests by sup-porting the recipient’s continuing efforts to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.044 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3854 June 29, 2017 
modernize its armed forces and enhance its defensive capabilities. The proposed sale will help improve the security of the recipient and assist in maintaining political stability, military balance and economic progress in the region. The proposed sale will improve the recipi-ent’s capability in current and future defen-sive efforts. The recipient will use the en-hanced capability as a deterrent to regional threats and to strengthen homeland defense. The proposed sale will improve operational readiness and enhance the electronic warfare capability onboard the ex-KIDD Class de-stroyers. The recipient will have no dif-ficulty in absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale will not alter the basic military balance in the region. The prime contractor will be Raytheon Missiles Systems Company of Tucson, Ari-zona. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. It is estimated that during implementation of this proposed sale, a number of U.S. Gov-ernment and contractor representatives will be assigned to the recipient or travel there intermittently during the program. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 16–70 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b) (1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended Annex Item No vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The AN/SLQ–32(V)3 is an electronic war-fare system providing shipboard identifica-tion and cataloguing of the electronic signa-ture of missiles and aircraft. The system consists of sensors and computers which process electronic signals within parameters established in a threat library. The customer currently has an earlier version of this equipment in inventory. a. The AN/SLQ–32(V)3 upgrade consists of hardware, technical documentation, and software. The highest classification of the hardware to be exported is SECRET. The highest classification of software to be ex-ported is SECRET. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures which might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in development of a system with similar or advanced capabili-ties. 3. A determination has been made that the recipient country can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sen-sitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This sale is necessary in fur-therance of the U.S. foreign policy and na-tional security objectives in the Policy jus-tification. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to the Government of Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office (TECRO) in the United States. f 
MARKETPLACE CERTAINTY ACT Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I am expressing sentiments for myself and on behalf of Senators W
YDEN and M UR-
RAY, as a fair reading of the Affordable Care Act, ACA, makes clear, S. 1462, the Marketplace Certainty Act, is not necessary to provide a permanent ap-propriation for the payment of cost- sharing reductions under the ACA. The ACA already prescribes that such pay-ments are to be made from such a per-manent appropriation pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1324. This is because an essential component of the ACA’s system for en-suring the availability of affordable health insurance coverage is its two- part package of subsidies: tax credits and cost-sharing reductions. Whereas the premium tax credits make it more affordable for an individual to purchase health insurance, the cost-sharing re-ductions make healthcare more afford-able by reducing the often daunting costs, such as copayments and deductibles, that even those with health insurance must pay to obtain healthcare, ACA, sections 1401, 1402, 26 U.S.C. 36B, 42 U.S.C. 18071. The ACA di-rects the Secretary of the Treasury to ‘‘establish’’ a single, integrated ‘‘pro-gram’’ to ‘‘make advance payment’’ of both subsidies to insurance companies, who are accordingly mandated to re-duce individuals’ premium payments to insurers, and their cost-sharing obliga-tions to healthcare providers. To as-sure insurers and covered individuals that these equally essential funds will both be available, the act provides that requisite payments are to be jointly made from a permanent appropriation, 31 U.S.C. 1324, rather than be subject to the year-to-year whims of the annual appropriations process. Despite the fact that the current per-manent appropriation in section 1324 plainly covers these cost-sharing re-duction payments, pending litigation brought by the House Republican lead-ership—which is currently being held in abeyance in the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals—and the current adminis-tration’s mixed signals as to whether it will continue to make these payments required by law, could generate insta-bility in individual insurance markets. S. 1462 removes all basis for any fur-ther questions about what is already clear from a fair reading of the ACA as a whole: both subsidies are to be funded from the same permanent appropria-tion. In addition, the amendment in-cludes provisions that will strengthen the existing subsidy provisions, and, in light of developments since the ACA was enacted in 2010, make insurance more affordable for beneficiaries and help stabilize State-level individual in-surance markets. f 
NOMINATION OBJECTION Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I intend to object to proceeding to the nomination of Steven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be General Counsel for the Department of Transportation. 
f 
LGBTQ PRIDE MONTH Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize LGBTQ Pride Month, a time to openly acknowledge and cele-brate the contributions lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer or questioning individuals have made to our Country and the progress they have made over the years toward equality and civil rights. Pride, equality, freedom—these val-ues are at the core of Pride Month for LGBTQ individuals and families in Maryland and across the United States. Every American deserves the same freedoms, the same opportunities and the same protections under the law to love whom they love. Respect, dignity, hope—LGBTQ Americans have helped drive the inno-vation and bold ideas that make Amer-ica exceptional. They have stood sen-try in our military, made scientific ad-vances, created jobs from Main Street to Wall Street, made all of America laugh and cry, and so much more. LGBTQ individuals have enriched our communities and made us a stronger nation. Fear, apprehension, caution—those of us who defend civil rights every day understand that these are discouraging and uncertain times. It pains me to say the full admission of lesbian, gay, bi-sexual, transgender, and queer or ques-tioning individuals into society has yet to be granted. The open expression of one’s sexual orientation and gender identity has been—and oftentimes still is—wrought with discrimination and hardship. Despite the highs of Windsor and Obergefell, the LGBTQ community feels the pain of the senseless shooting at Pulse nightclub 1 year ago, blatant discrimination in States like North Carolina, and the incomprehensible abandonment of transgender students in schools, and the decades of injustice that reach back far beyond Stonewall. The results of last year’s Presidential election brought an unwanted chill to the winds of momentum that had swept through the LGBTQ community. Insen-sitive language from the current ad-ministration adds an ominous cloud over the potential for future progress. To all of my lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer or questioning sisters and brothers, I say this: You are not alone. I support you. I will fight alongside you. We will not allow extre-mism to take away the inherent rights afforded to each and every one of us. Equality and liberty will prevail over any who would use hate and bigotry to frighten or intimidate others. I have joined with nearly half of the U.S. Senate as a sponsor of the Equal-ity Act, S. 1006, historic, comprehen-sive Federal legislation that would en-sure full Federal nondiscrimination equality for LGBTQ individuals by add-ing sexual orientation and gender iden-tity to other protected classes, such as race or religion, in existing Federal laws. Despite major advances in equal-ity for LGBTQ Americans, including nationwide marriage equality, the ma-jority of States still do not have ex-plicit LGBTQ nondiscrimination pro-tection laws. The Equality Act would fill in the gap by explicitly banning discrimination in a host of areas, in-cluding employment, housing, public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.046 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3855 June 29, 2017 
accommodations, jury service, access to credit, and Federal funding. When the White House broke more than a decade of tradition by failing to recognize June as LGBTQ Pride Month, I joined my colleagues in picking up the mantle by introducing the first- ever Senate resolution recognizing June as LGBTQ Pride Month. The reso-lution notes major milestones in the fight for equal treatment of LGBTQ Americans and resolves to continue ef-forts to achieve full equality for LGBTQ individuals. As we build a new future of equality for all, despite the current headwinds, it is important that we learn from our Nation’s past and use it as a source of strength and a teachable moment for those unaware of the history the LGBTQ community and what our Na-tion has been through. It is my firm hope that we are not seeing a redux of a McCarthy-like rise in political-driven discrimination. For this reason, I was taken back a bit at the confirmation hearings of Rex Tillerson and Nikki Haley, who are now serving as America’s top dip-lomats, that neither of them would say the phrase ‘‘LGBTQ.’’ Following that peculiarity, it has been widely reported that the Trump administration has scrubbed LGBTQ content from various Federal Government websites—in some cases changing the agency’s official nondiscrimination policy. Juxtaposed with the Obama adminis-tration that lit up the White House in rainbow lights during Pride month and backed up those concrete actions of support, this attempt to erase LGBTQ individuals from government was dis-turbing. I was alarmed because I knew that it had been tried before during the McCarthy era. It had a damaging effect on U.S. foreign policy back then, and it cannot be repeated. In what came to be known as the Lavender Scare, according to the State Department’s Bureau of Diplomatic Se-curity, employees were forced out on the ostensible grounds that their real or perceived sexual orientation ren-dered them vulnerable to blackmail, prone to getting caught in ‘‘honey traps,’’ and a general security risk. Many more individuals were prevented from joining the State Department due to a screening process that was put in place to prevent those who ‘‘seemed like they might be gay or lesbian’’ from being hired. David Johnson’s ‘‘The Lavender Scare: The Cold War Persecution of Gays and Lesbians in the Federal Gov-ernment,’’ University of Chicago Press, 2006, the definitive academic study of the issue, found that at least 1,000 peo-ple were dismissed from the U.S. De-partment of State alone for alleged ho-mosexuality during the 1950s and well into the 1960s before the ‘‘scare’’ ran its course. The Senate bears a special measure of responsibility for the Lavender Scare, as the State Department’s ac-tions were in part in response to con-gressional investigations into ‘‘sex per-version of federal employees,’’ reports on the employments of ‘‘moral perverts by Government Agencies,’’ and hear-ings or pressure placed on the Depart-ment through the appropriations proc-ess. Last year, in my role as ranking member of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, I urged then-Sec-retary of State John Kerry to shine a spotlight on this dark period in Amer-ican diplomatic history by issuing the first-ever public apology for the De-partment of State’s targeting due to perceived sexual orientation. This month, I introduced new legisla-tion called the Lavender Offense Vic-tim Exoneration Act of 2017, or the LOVE Act. Similar to what was en-acted for the men and women of our military, who also were forced to hide their real self to the world, the LOVE Act would make amends and help right the wrongs that were leveled against our U.S. diplomats during this un- American and unacceptable episode in our history. The Lavender Scare is a painful but little-known chapter in American history, and even though times have thankfully changed in so many ways for the LGBT community, we must have the courage of our con-viction to recognize wrong, apologize, and move forward with common sense and compassion whenever it is re-quired. A few have asked me, Why now? Why do we need to relive past trans-gressions when there are ‘‘more impor-tant things to do’’? The answer is clear: The current administration may work to avoid using the words lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender, but Congress should take firm action to show LGBTQ Americans that their valuable contributions to our country—today or 60-plus years ago—are very real and they are recognized. We cannot and should not turn our backs on the indi-viduals who sacrificed so much for the benefit of the American people. We cannot and will not turn back the clock on the hard-fought civil rights of the LGBTQ community. The theme of the 2017 Baltimore Pride celebration is ‘‘Pride Unleashed,’’ a commitment to ‘‘work boldly and to live freely.’’ I can think of no better mantra for LGBTQ Marylanders and al-lies as we fight side by side to protect civil rights and celebrate the strength of our diversity. I implore you and all of our col-leagues to join the fight for LGBTQ equality. The administration also should take firm action to show LGBTQ Americans that their valuable contributions to our country are recog-nized and appreciated. It is the respon-sibility of each and every citizen to root out systemic intolerance. Inclu-sion and diversity are some of our Na-tion’s greatest strengths; yet these val-ues are now in peril. We cannot and will not turn back the clock on hard- fought civil rights for the LGBTQ com-munity. 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE BALLARD LOCKS IN WASH-INGTON STATE Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, today, with my colleague Senator C
ANTWELL , I wish to commemorate the 100th anni-versary of the construction and oper-ation of the Hiram M. Chittenden Locks, more commonly known in Washington State as the Ballard Locks. The Ballard Locks are not just symbolic of our region’s rich maritime history, but a century later, they re-main vital to the economy, public safe-ty, environment, and more in Puget Sound. As early as the 1850s, settlers in Puget Sound recognized the benefits of connecting the region’s freshwater lakes to the saltwater of Puget Sound. Shortly thereafter, the U.S. Navy ex-pressed interest. Ultimately, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, Army Corps, initiated planning for the locks in the late 1890s and work began in earnest under Hiram M. Chittenden, the Se-attle district engineer for the Army Corps from April 1906 to September 1908. Construction began in 1911 after the locks received approval from Con-gress, and the Ballard Locks were for-mally opened for vessel traffic on July 4, 1917. The Ballard Locks enable commer-cial and recreational vessels to travel to the docks, shipyards, warehouses, maintenance and repair facilities, and marinas in the region’s freshwater lakes while also reducing maintenance costs and prolonging vessel life in the freshwater environment. The impor-tance of the locks is underscored by their annual usage. Each year, the Ballard Locks support 45,000 vessel transits and 14,000 lockage counts, which makes them the busiest lock in the United States in overall vessel traf-fic. If you only count commercial ves-sels from fishing fleets to oceangoing freight shippers and more, the Ballard Locks are the 12th busiest in the Na-tion. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I join my colleague Senator M
URRAY in commemorating the Ballard Locks’ 100th anniversary. As our constituents in Washington State know, these locks are an integral part of our regional economy. The safe and efficient oper-ation of the Ballard Locks supports $1.2 billion in total lock-related economic activity, more than 3,000 full-time jobs, and more than 1 million tons of freight. With over 1.3 million visitors a year to see the locks and the fish ladder and visit the Carl S. English Jr. Botanical Gardens, the Ballard Locks are one of the region’s top tourist attractions generating another $40 million in eco-nomic activity per year. The Ballard Locks provide critical public safety and environmental func-tions, maintaining the water level of Lake Washington and Lake Union and preventing salt water intrusion from Puget Sound into these freshwater lakes. The locks support two floating highway bridges—Interstate–90 and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29JN6.021 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3856 June 29, 2017 
State Route–520—the water and sewer systems that serve Mercer Island resi-dents, and approximately 75 miles of developed commercial, municipal, and residential shoreline. It also allows for emergency response by the Seattle Fire Department, Seattle Harbor Patrol, King County Sheriff, and U.S. Coast Guard. The facilities spillway and fish ladder serve as a link for salmon and steelhead migrating from the ocean up-stream to freshwater spawning grounds, which is important to ful-filling Federal Tribal treaty respon-sibilities. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, like other infrastructure across Washington State and the Nation, the Ballard Locks are showing their age. Senator C
ANTWELL and I commend the Army Corps for its work to restore and mod-ernize the locks, and we are doing our part in Congress to support these ef-forts. Year after year, we work to help Presidential administrations under-stand the critical importance of the Army Corps’ work, and we make sure budgets actually reflect that need. We stand ready to continue to work with our partners in Puget Sound to com-plete the necessary repairs and up-grades of the Ballard Locks, as our re-gional economy and the more than 200 businesses that rely upon the locks cannot afford an extended, unplanned closure. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, to-gether Senator M
URRAY and I will con-tinue to advocate for this critical in-frastructure, working to ensure our colleagues and the administration un-derstand the importance of the water-ways and navigation systems in the Pacific Northwest. Investing in our water infrastructure supports jobs, eco-nomic security, and healthy commu-nities. Senator M
URRAY and I are proud to fight for the investments the Army Corps needs to operate, maintain, and restore the Ballard Locks. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO MARVIN QUALLEY ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week I have the distinct honor of rec-ognizing Marvin Qualley, a dedicated basketball official from Roosevelt County. This past week, Marvin was se-lected by the Montana High School As-sociation for induction into the 2017 Montana Officials’ Association Hall of Fame. Marvin’s recognition as a hall of fame official is clearly well earned. He has been a bedrock official in the northeast Montana basketball circuit for many years. From Plentywood to Poplar, the communities of northeast Montana have benefited from Marvin’s officiating. The 36-year duration of Marvin’s contributions to youth sports is simply amazing. The quality of his hall of fame career is evident in his fre-quent selection to officiate postseason competitions. He was behind the whis-tle for 15 State basketball tournaments and 60 total tournaments. In addition to his accomplishments as a referee, Marvin has spent many years behind the wheel of a school bus helping stu-dents in the Froid and Medicine Lake communities safely reach their des-tination. Both behind the wheel and behind the whistle, Marvin’s commitment to safe-ty and fair play has helped a genera-tion of Montana students. Officiating youth sports is often a thankless task. Looking back on Marvin’s distin-guished career, it is appropriate to sum it up with a sincere ‘‘Good job, ref!’’ ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO MARY JO CODEY ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the legacy of a great New Jerseyan upon her retire-ment from a 40-year teaching career. As Mary Jo Codey wraps up her final school year at Gregory Elementary, a public school in West Orange, NJ, we congratulate her on a long and fruitful career inspiring and educating our chil-dren while putting them on the path to success. Even as the first lady of New Jersey under the administration of her husband, Richard Codey, Mary Jo re-fused to leave the children she loved so much, saying, ‘‘When asked if I would resign my teaching responsibilities during my tenure as the First Lady, my response was consistently ‘no.’ Teaching was and is my passion!’’ Her dedication and service to her students and to her State will not soon be for-gotten. While teaching may have been Mary Jo’s first passion, her drive to make life better for children and families ex-tends well beyond the classroom. I have been honored over the years to work closely with Mary Jo on an issue near and dear to her heart. Ten to 20 percent of women across America are suffering from postpartum depression, and after the birth of her first son in 1984, Mary Jo was one of them. Then, after the birth of her second son, her depression returned, but this time she was able to recognize it and seek treat-ment for it. Instead of hiding her ill-ness or being ashamed of it, Mary Jo’s personal struggle became the motiva-tion for her to raise awareness for postpartum depression and work tire-lessly to improve diagnostic and treat-ment options on the State and Federal level. Thanks to her leadership, New Jersey became the first State to provide re-sources to ensure that uninsured moth-ers can receive postpartum depression screening and treatment. I am proud to say that Mary Jo and I worked to-gether to pass the Melanie Blocker Stokes Mom’s Opportunity To Access Health, Education, Research, and Sup-port for Postpartum Depression Act, or MOTHERS Act, as part of the Afford-able Care Act in 2010. This legislation encourages better education, support services, and research for postpartum depression, and we owe its passage largely to advocates like Mary Jo Codey. Now, we still have a long way to go to ensure that postpartum depres-sion and other aspects of maternal mental health are given the awareness and resources that they deserve. How-ever, even as she closes the book on her teaching career, I know that Mary Jo’s work is far from over, and she will not rest until we reach our goal. Whether it is her advocacy on behalf of postpartum depression or breast can-cer, of which she is a survivor, her commitment to improving the lives of children, mothers, and families is un-wavering. With that, I look forward to con-tinuing to work with Mary Jo in the coming years, thank her for her incred-ible service to New Jersey and all of us, and congratulate her on her retire-ment.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 11:42 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1215. An act to improve patient access to health care services and provide improved medical care by reducing the excessive bur-den the liability system places on the health care delivery system. H.R. 1500. An act to redesignate the small triangular property located in Washington, DC, and designated by the National Park Service as reservation 302 as ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1215. An act to improve patient access to health care services and provide improved medical care by reducing the excessive bur-den the liability system places on the health care delivery system; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 1500. An act to redesignate the small triangular property located in Washington, DC, and designated by the National Park Service as reservation 302 as ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.037 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3857 June 29, 2017 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 1460. A bill to provide for the moderniza-tion of the energy and natural resources policies of the United States, and for other purposes. f 
PRIVILEGED NOMINATION REFERRED TO COMMITTEE On request by Senator T
ESTER , under the authority of S. Res. 116, 112th Con-gress, the following nomination was re-ferred to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Brooks D. Tucker, of Mary-land, to be Assistant Secretary of Vet-erans’ Affairs (Congressional and Leg-islative Affairs), vice Joan M. Evans. 
f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. ROBERTS, from the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, with amendments: H.R. 1029. A bill to amend the Federal In-secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act to improve pesticide registration and other ac-tivities under the Act, to extend and modify fee authorities, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. ROBERTS for the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. *J. Christopher Giancarlo, of New Jersey, to be Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. By Mr. THUNE for the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. *David P. Pekoske, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security. *Robert L. Sumwalt III, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the National Transpor-tation Safety Board for a term expiring De-cember 31, 2021. *Derek Kan, of California, to be Under Sec-retary of Transportation for Policy. By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Stephen Elliott Boyd, of Alabama, to be an Assistant Attorney General. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. ALEXANDER (for himself and Mr. C
ORKER ): S. 1472. A bill to reauthorize the Tennessee Civil War Heritage Area; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. BOOZMAN (for himself and Mr. TESTER ): S. 1473. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for a five-year exten-sion to the homeless veterans reintegration programs and to provide clarification regard-ing eligibility for services under such pro-grams; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself, Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. C
ARPER , and Mr. S ANDERS ): S. 1474. A bill to prohibit the use of fiscal year 2018 funds for the closure, consolida-tion, or elimination of certain offices of the Environmental Protection Agency; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ): S. 1475. A bill to provide for the identifica-tion and documentation of best practices for cyber hygiene by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. CARDIN: S. 1476. A bill to safeguard the United States and our allies from Russian ballistic and cruise missile threats, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Mr. FLAKE: S. 1477. A bill to prohibit the use of official time for labor organizing activities by em-ployees of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs unless all veterans seeking hospital care or medical services from the Depart-ment are able to schedule their appoint-ments within the wait-time goals of the Vet-erans Health Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ): S. 1478. A bill to improve the Defense Siting Clearinghouse; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. THUNE: S. 1479. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to improve the supplemental agri-cultural disaster assistance programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. KING (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , and Ms. H
ASSAN ): S. 1480. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to include biomass heating appliances for tax credits available for en-ergy-efficient building property and energy property; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 1481. A bill to make technical correc-tions to the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 1482. A bill to provide a permanent ease-ment to the Shishmaref Native Corporation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 1483. A bill to establish an account for amounts due to Shee Atika Incorporated under the Cube Cove Land Agreement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 1484. A bill to provide for a land ex-change relating to the Admiralty Island Na-tional Monument, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. SULLIVAN ): S. 1485. A bill to satisfy certain claims under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 1486. A bill to amend the Barrow Gas Field Transfer Act of 1984 with respect to the Ukpeagvik Inupiat Corporation sand and gravel resources, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 1487. A bill to provide for certain con-veyances of surface estate under the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mrs. MURRAY (for herself and Ms. C
ANTWELL ): S. 1488. A bill to require full spending of the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund, to pro-vide for expanded uses of the Fund, and to prevent cargo diversion, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself, Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. T ESTER , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. Y
OUNG , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. C
ARPER , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
URPHY , Mr. R EED, Ms. W ARREN , and Mr. W
YDEN ): S. 1489. A bill to amend section 3312 of title 38, United States Code, to restore Post-9/11 Educational Assistance and other relief for veterans affected by school closures, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 1490. A bill to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act regarding the Nagamut selection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 1491. A bill to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act with respect to the Native Villages of Haines, Ketchikan, Pe-tersburg, Tenakee, and Wrangell, Alaska, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 1492. A bill to establish a Regional Cor-poration for Natives who are non-residents of Alaska, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 1493. A bill to require a study and report identifying the impacts on Chugach Alaska Corporation land that resulted from changes in Federal law or Federal or State land ac-quisitions in the Chugach region, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 1494. A bill to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act in order to increase the dividend exclusion, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): S. 1495. A bill to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act regarding the treat-ment of fractional shares of stock by Re-gional Corporations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Ms. MURKOWSKI (for herself and Mr. S
ULLIVAN ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:33 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.007 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3858 June 29, 2017 
S. 1496. A bill to amend the definition of Village Corporation in the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 1497. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to provide a lactation room in public buildings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Ms. H AS-
SAN, Ms. H EITKAMP , Mrs. M URRAY , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B
OOKER , and Ms. C ANTWELL ): S. 1498. A bill to establish in the Smithso-nian Institution a comprehensive American women’s history museum, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Rules and Ad-ministration. By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself and Mr. D
ONNELLY ): S. 1499. A bill to increase from $10,000,000,000 to $50,000,000,000 the threshold figure at which regulated depository institu-tions are subject to direct examination and reporting requirements of the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. WARNER (for himself, Mr. M
ORAN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ): S. 1500. A bill to amend the Federal De-posit Insurance Act to ensure that the recip-rocal deposits of an insured depository insti-tution are not considered to be funds ob-tained by or through a deposit broker, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. 1501. A bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 to support maker education and makerspaces; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BLUMENTHAL (for himself and Mr. M
ARKEY ): S. 1502. A bill to improve passenger vessel security and safety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. W
ARNER , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. R EED, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , and Mr. C OTTON ): S. 1503. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th anniversary of the Naismith Memo-rial Basketball Hall of Fame; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND (for herself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 1504. A bill to direct the Attorney Gen-eral to study issues relating to human traf-ficking, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LEE (for himself and Mr. C
RAPO ): S. 1505. A bill to provide that silencers be treated the same as firearms accessories; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND: S. 1506. A bill to improve the handling of instances of sexual harassment, dating vio-lence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking at the United States Merchant Ma-rine Academy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. K
EN-
NEDY , and Mr. M ENENDEZ ): S. 1507. A bill to amend the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 to allow the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency to provide capitalization grants to States to establish revolving funds to provide funding assistance to reduce flood risks, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Mr. MERKLEY (for himself, Mr. WYDEN , Mr. C RAPO , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. H ATCH , and Mrs. M UR-
RAY): S. 1508. A bill to amend the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 to modify the authorized uses of certain county funds and to extend the dead-line for participating counties to initiate projects and obligate funds; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): S. 1509. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize an ex-tension of exclusivity periods for certain drugs that are approved for a new indication for a rare disease or condition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. U DALL , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. W AR-
REN, and Mr. B ROWN ): S. 1510. A bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to provide for online voter registration and other changes and to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to improve voting, to require the Election As-sistance Commission to study and report on best practices for election cybersecurity and election audits, and to make grants to States to implement those best practices recommended by the Commission; to the Committee on Rules and Administration. By Mr. CARDIN: S. 1511. A bill to bring stability to the indi-vidual insurance market, make insurance coverage more affordable, lower prescription drug prices, and improve Medicaid; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. LANKFORD (for himself, Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B ARRASSO , and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. 1512. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of Energy, the Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency, the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Transpor-tation, and the Chair of the Council on Envi-ronmental Quality from considering, in tak-ing any action, the social cost of carbon, the social cost of methane, the social cost of ni-trous oxide, or the social cost of any other greenhouse gas, unless compliant with Office of Management and Budget guidance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , and Mr. C
OCHRAN ): S. 1513. A bill to reauthorize and amend the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation Es-tablishment Act; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. B OOZMAN , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mrs. C APITO , and Ms. B ALD-
WIN): S. 1514. A bill to amend certain Acts to re-authorize those Acts and to increase protec-tions for wildlife, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. 1515. A bill to facilitate access to univer-sity technical expertise in support of Depart-ment of Defense missions; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. HELLER: S. 1516. A bill to expand health care choices by allowing Americans to buy health care coverage across State lines; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Mr. BLUMENTHAL , Mr. C ORNYN , and Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ): S. 1517. A bill to enhance the Human Ex-ploitation Rescue Operations Act of 2015, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CORKER: S. Res. 210. A resolution to correct the en-grossment of S. 722; considered and agreed to. By Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, Ms. M URKOWSKI , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. R UBIO, Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. H
ELLER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. C AS-
SIDY, Mr. W YDEN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B
OOKER , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Ms. H ARRIS , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. M URPHY , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. U DALL , and Mr. R EED): S. Res. 211. A resolution condemning the violence and persecution in Chechnya; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C AR-
PER, Mr. C OONS , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. D
URBIN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mrs. M URRAY , Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. C ASEY , Mr. K AINE, Mr. S AND-
ERS, Mr. R EED, Mr. M URPHY , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , and Ms. S TABENOW ): S. Res. 212. A resolution recognizing June 2017 as ‘‘LGBTQ Pride Month’’; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ): S. Res. 213. A resolution honoring the memory of Dallas Police Department Senior Corporal Lorne Ahrens, Sergeant Michael Smith, Officer Michael Krol, Officer Patrick Zamarripa, and Dallas Area Rapid Transit Police Officer Brent Thompson, who were killed during the attack in Dallas, Texas, that occurred 1 year ago, on July 7, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B EN-
NET, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B URR, Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
OCHRAN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C RUZ, Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. K ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.010 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3859 June 29, 2017 
Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S COTT, Ms. S
TABENOW , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. Res. 214. A resolution designating June 19, 2017, as ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ in recognition of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery legally came to an end in the United States; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ): S. Res. 215. A resolution designating July 14, 2017, as Collector Car Appreciation Day and recognizing that the collection and res-toration of historic and classic cars is an im-portant part of preserving the technological achievements and cultural heritage of the United States; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mrs. M
UR-
RAY, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): S. Con. Res. 20. A concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress that the over-time rule published in the Federal Register by the Secretary of Labor on May 23, 2016, would provide millions of workers with greater economic security and was a legally valid exercise of the authority of the Sec-retary under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Mr. C RUZ): S. Con. Res. 21. A concurrent resolution urging the Government of the People’s Re-public of China to unconditionally release Liu Xiaobo, together with his wife Liu Xia, to allow them to freely meet with friends, family, and counsel and seek medical treat-ment wherever they desire; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 27 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 27, a bill to establish an independent com-mission to examine and report on the facts regarding the extent of Russian official and unofficial cyber operations and other attempts to interfere in the 2016 United States national election, and for other purposes. 
S. 41 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 41, a bill to amend part D of title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices to negotiate covered part D drug prices on behalf of Medicare bene-ficiaries. 
S. 45 
At the request of Mr. C RUZ, the name of the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 45, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to increase pen-alties for individuals who illegally re-enter the United States after being re-moved and for other purposes. 
S. 65 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 65, a bill to address financial conflicts of interest of the President and Vice President. S. 407 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 407, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 474 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 474, a bill to condition assist-ance to the West Bank and Gaza on steps by the Palestinian Authority to end violence and terrorism against Israeli citizens. 
S. 497 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 497, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compression treatment items as items of durable medical equipment. 
S. 540 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 540, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of employees for em-ployment duties performed in other States. 
S. 736 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name of the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 736, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for col-legiate housing and infrastructure grants. 
S. 839 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 839, a bill to allow for judicial re-view of any final rule addressing na-tional emission standards for haz-ardous air pollutants for brick and structural clay products or for clay ce-ramics manufacturing before requiring compliance with such rule. 
S. 1002 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1002, a bill to enhance the ability of community financial institutions to foster economic growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, and for other purposes. 
S. 1024 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI), the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1024, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relat-ing to appeals of decisions regarding claims for benefits under the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. BLUMENTHAL , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1024, supra. 
S. 1028 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1028, a bill to provide for the establishment and maintenance of a National Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1034 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1034, a bill to improve agricultural job opportunities, benefits, and secu-rity for aliens in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1136 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1136, a bill to improve the structure of the Federal Pell Grant program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1162 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1162, a bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide for the re-financing of certain Federal student loans, and for other purposes. 
S. 1182 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
AN HOLLEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1182, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in rec-ognition of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion. 
S. 1196 
At the request of Mr. S ULLIVAN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1196, a bill to expand the ca-pacity and capability of the ballistic missile defense system of the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1277 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1277, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a high technology education pilot program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1279 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1279, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to furnish health care from the Department of Veterans Af-fairs through the use of non-Depart-ment health care providers, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.013 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3860 June 29, 2017 
S. 1312 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1312, a bill to prioritize the fight against human trafficking in the United States. At the request of Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1312, supra. 
S. 1349 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1349, a bill to provide that the rate of military basic pay for the Sen-ior Enlisted Advisors to the com-manders of the combatant commands shall be equivalent to the rate of mili-tary basic pay for the Senior Enlisted Advisor to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and for other purposes. 
S. 1366 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1366, a bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to review the discharge characterization of former members of the Armed Forces who were discharged by reason of the sexual orientation of the member, and for other purposes. 
S. 1368 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1368, a bill to reauthorize the Na-tional Flood Insurance Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1393 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) and the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1393, a bill to streamline the process by which active duty military, reservists, and veterans receive commercial driver’s licenses. 
S. 1412 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1412, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for a percentage of student loan forgiveness for public service employment, and for other purposes. 
S. 1418 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1418, a bill to establish protections for passengers in air trans-portation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1426 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1426, a bill to amend the Ted Stevens Olympic and Amateur Sports Act to expand the purposes of the corporation, to designate the United States Center for Safe Sport, and for other purposes. S. 1435 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1435, a bill to provide an amnesty pe-riod during which veterans and their family members can register certain firearms in the National Firearm Reg-istration and Transfer Record, and for other purposes. 
S. 1465 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1465, a bill to terminate the prohibitions on the exportation and importation of natural gas, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 61 
At the request of Mr. M CCAIN, the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 61, a resolution calling on the De-partment of Defense, other elements of the Federal Government, and foreign governments to intensify efforts to in-vestigate, recover, and identify all missing and unaccounted-for personnel of the United States. 
S. RES. 168 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 168, a resolution sup-porting respect for human rights and encouraging inclusive governance in Ethiopia. At the request of Mr. C
ASEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 168, supra. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. I
NHOFE ): S. 1478. A bill to improve the Defense Siting Clearinghouse; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 1478 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Defense Siting Clearinghouse Improvement Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFENSE SITING CLEARINGHOUSE. 
(a) C ODIFICATION .—Chapter 7 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 183 the following new section: ‘‘§ 183a. Defense Siting Clearinghouse for re-view of mission obstructions ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall establish a Defense Siting Clearinghouse (in this section referred to as the ‘Clearinghouse’). ‘‘(2) The Clearinghouse shall be— ‘‘(A) organized under the authority, direc-tion, and control of an Assistant Secretary of Defense designated by the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) assigned such personnel and resources as the Secretary considers appropriate to carry out this section. ‘‘(b) FUNCTIONS .—(1) The Clearinghouse shall serve as a clearinghouse to coordinate Department of Defense review of applica-tions for energy projects filed with the Sec-retary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49 and received by the Depart-ment of Defense from the Secretary of Transportation. ‘‘(2) The Clearinghouse shall accelerate the development of planning tools necessary to determine the acceptability to the Depart-ment of Defense of proposals included in an application for an energy project submitted pursuant to such section. ‘‘(3) The Clearinghouse shall perform such other functions as the Secretary of Defense assigns. ‘‘(c) R
EVIEW OF PROPOSED ACTIONS .—(1) Not later than 30 days after receiving from the Secretary of Transportation a proper appli-cation for an energy project under section 44718 of title 49 that may have an adverse im-pact on military operations and readiness, the Clearinghouse shall conduct a prelimi-nary review of such application. The review shall— ‘‘(A) assess the likely scope, duration, and level of risk of any adverse impact of such energy project on military operations and readiness; and ‘‘(B) identify any feasible and affordable actions that could be taken by the Depart-ment, the developer of such energy project, or others to mitigate the adverse impact and to minimize risks to national security while allowing the energy project to proceed with development. ‘‘(2) If the Clearinghouse determines under paragraph (1) that an energy project will have an adverse impact on military oper-ations and readiness, the Secretary of De-fense shall issue to the applicant a notice of presumed risk that describes the concerns identified by the Department in the prelimi-nary review and requests a discussion of pos-sible mitigation actions. ‘‘(3) The Clearinghouse shall develop, in co-ordination with other departments and agen-cies of the Federal Government, an inte-grated review process to ensure timely noti-fication and consideration of energy projects filed with the Secretary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49 that may have an adverse impact on military oper-ations and readiness. ‘‘(4) The Clearinghouse shall establish pro-cedures for the Department of Defense for the coordinated consideration of and re-sponse to a request for a review received from another Federal agency, a State gov-ernment, an Indian tribal government, a local government, a landowner, or the devel-oper of an energy project, including guidance to personnel at each military installation in the United States on how to initiate such procedures and ensure a coordinated Depart-ment response. ‘‘(5) The Clearinghouse shall develop proce-dures for conducting early outreach to par-ties carrying out energy projects that could have an adverse impact on military oper-ations and readiness and to clearly commu-nicate to such parties actions being taken by the Department of Defense under this sec-tion. ‘‘(d) C
OMPREHENSIVE REVIEW .—(1) The Sec-retary of Defense shall develop a comprehen-sive strategy for addressing the military im-pacts of projects filed with the Secretary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49. ‘‘(2) In developing the strategy required by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) assess of the magnitude of inter-ference posed by projects filed with the Sec-retary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49; ‘‘(B) for the purpose of informing prelimi-nary reviews under subsection (c)(1) and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.017 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3861 June 29, 2017 
early outreach efforts under subsection (c)(5), identify geographic areas selected as proposed locations for projects filed, or which may be filed in the future, with the Secretary of Transportation pursuant to sec-tion 44718 of title 49 where such projects could have an adverse impact on military op-erations and readiness and categorize the risk of adverse impact in such areas; and ‘‘(C) specifically identify feasible and af-fordable long-term actions that may be taken to mitigate adverse impacts of projects filed, or which may be filed in the future, with the Secretary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49, on mili-tary operations and readiness, including— ‘‘(i) investment priorities of the Depart-ment of Defense with respect to research and development; ‘‘(ii) modifications to military operations to accommodate applications for such projects; ‘‘(iii) recommended upgrades or modifica-tions to existing systems or procedures by the Department of Defense; ‘‘(iv) acquisition of new systems by the De-partment and other departments and agen-cies of the Federal Government and timelines for fielding such new systems; and ‘‘(v) modifications to the projects for which such applications are filed, including changes in size, location, or technology. ‘‘(e) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE DETERMINA -
TION OF UNACCEPTABLE RISK.—(1) The Sec-retary of Defense may not object to an en-ergy project filed with the Secretary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49, except in a case in which the Sec-retary of Defense determines, after giving full consideration to mitigation actions identified pursuant to this section, that such project would result in an unacceptable risk to the national security of the United States. Such a determination shall con-stitute a finding pursuant to section 44718(f) of title 49. ‘‘(2) Not later than 30 days after making a determination of unacceptable risk under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees a report on such determination and the basis for such determination. Such report shall include an explanation of the oper-ational impact that led to the determina-tion, a discussion of the mitigation options considered, and an explanation of why the mitigation options were not feasible or did not resolve the conflict. The Secretary of De-fense may provide public notice through the Federal Register of the determination. ‘‘(3) The Secretary of Defense may only delegate the responsibility for making a de-termination of unacceptable risk under para-graph (1) to the Deputy Secretary of Defense, an under secretary of defense, or a principal deputy under secretary of defense. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORITY TO ACCEPT CONTRIBUTIONS  
OFFUNDS .—The Secretary of Defense is au-thorized to request and accept a voluntary contribution of funds from an applicant for a project filed with the Secretary of Transpor-tation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49. Amounts so accepted shall remain available until expended for the purpose of offsetting the cost of measures undertaken by the Sec-retary of Defense to mitigate adverse im-pacts of such a project on military oper-ations and readiness or to conduct studies of potential measures to mitigate such im-pacts. ‘‘(g) E
FFECT OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  H
AZARD ASSESSMENT .—An action taken pur-suant to this section shall not be considered to be a substitute for any assessment or de-termination required of the Secretary of Transportation under section 44718 of title 49. ‘‘(h) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall be construed to affect or limit the application of, or any obligation to comply with, any environmental law, including the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). ‘‘(i) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘adverse impact on military operations and readiness’ means any adverse impact upon military operations and readi-ness, including flight operations, research, development, testing, and evaluation, and training, that is demonstrable and is likely to impair or degrade the ability of the armed forces to perform their warfighting missions. ‘‘(2) The term ‘energy project’ means a project that provides for the generation or transmission of electrical energy. ‘‘(3) The term ‘landowner’ means a person that owns a fee interest in real property on which a proposed energy project is planned to be located. ‘‘(4) The term ‘military installation’ has the meaning given that term in section 2801(c)(4) of this title. ‘‘(5) The term ‘military readiness’ includes any training or operation that could be re-lated to combat readiness, including testing and evaluation activities. ‘‘(6) The term ‘military training route’ means a training route developed as part of the Military Training Route Program, car-ried out jointly by the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration and the Secretary of Defense, for use by the armed forces for the purpose of conducting low-altitude, high-speed military training. ‘‘(7) The term ‘unacceptable risk to the na-tional security of the United States’ means the construction, alteration, establishment, or expansion, or the proposed construction, alteration, establishment, or expansion, of a structure or sanitary landfill that would— ‘‘(A) endanger safety in air commerce, re-lated to the activities of the Department of Defense; ‘‘(B) interfere with the efficient use and preservation of the navigable airspace and of airport traffic capacity at public-use air-ports, related to the activities of the Depart-ment of Defense; or ‘‘(C) significantly impair or degrade the ca-pability of the Department of Defense to conduct training, research, development, testing, and evaluation, and operations or to maintain military readiness.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) R
EPEAL OF EXISTING PROVISION .—Section 358 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (49 U.S.C. 44718 note) is repealed. (2) R
EFERENCE TO REGULATIONS .—Section 44718(g) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘211.3 of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on Janu-ary 6, 2014’’ both places it appears and insert-ing ‘‘183a(i) of title 10’’. (3) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of title 10 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 183 the following new item: ‘‘183a. Defense Siting Clearinghouse for re-view of mission obstructions.’’. (c) A
PPLICABILITY OF EXISTING RULES AND  R
EGULATIONS .—Notwithstanding the amend-ments made by subsection (a), any rule or regulation promulgated to carry out section 358 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (49 U.S.C. 44718 note) that is in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act shall continue in effect and apply to the ex-tent such rule or regulation is consistent with the authority under section 183a of title 10, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a), until such rule or regulation is otherwise amended or repealed. By Mr. DAINES (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 1497. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to provide a lacta-tion room in public buildings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, as a fa-ther of four and a traveling family, I know how important and challenging it is for nursing mothers to find a space to care for and feed their children. As our society and economy becomes ever more transient, we need to provide spaces for mothers on the go and ease their return to the workforce. Last Congress, I helped ensure the Bottles and Breastfeeding Equipment Screen-ing Act became law, which eased the burden traveling mothers experienced. We need to continue easing this burden and expand facilities in public build-ings. Federal agencies, under current law, are required to provide space for nurs-ing mothers to pump breastmilk for their newborns. Additionally, General Services Administration requires in-stallation of these spaces for all newly constructed federal buildings, as well as those undergoing modernizations. These rooms are a simple hygienic place, other than a bathroom, that are shielded from view, free from intru-sion, contain a chair, a table surface, and an electrical outlet. This is good policy and should be extended to the public when visiting Federal facilities for business or other purposes. That is why I am introducing the Fairness For Breastfeeding Mothers Act. This legislation would simply ex-tend the use of these facilities in public buildings to visitors, ensuring all mothers can continue to care for their children. I want to thank Senator M
ERKLEY for being the Democrat lead as well as Congresswoman N
ORTON ’s lead in the House of Representatives. I ask my Senate colleagues to join us in support of this important legislation. 
S. 1497 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fairness For Breastfeeding Mothers Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. LACTATION ROOMS IN PUBLIC BUILD-INGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 33 of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating sections 3315, 3316, and 3317 as sections 3316, 3317, and 3318, respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after section 3314 the fol-lowing: ‘‘§ 3315. Lactation rooms in public buildings ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
PPROPRIATE AUTHORITY .—The term ‘appropriate authority’ means— ‘‘(A) the head of a Federal agency; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.019 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3862 June 29, 2017 
‘‘(B) the Architect of the Capitol; and ‘‘(C) another official authority responsible for the operation of a public building. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED PUBLIC BUILDING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘covered pub-lic building’ means a public building that— ‘‘(i) is open to the public; and ‘‘(ii) contains a public restroom. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION .—The term ‘covered public building’ includes a building listed in section 5101 or 6301. ‘‘(3) L
ACTATION ROOM .—The term ‘lactation room’ means a hygienic place, other than a bathroom, that— ‘‘(A) is shielded from view; ‘‘(B) is free from intrusion; and ‘‘(C) contains— ‘‘(i) a chair; ‘‘(ii) a working surface; and ‘‘(iii) if the public building is supplied with electricity, an electrical outlet. ‘‘(b) L
ACTATION ROOMS REQUIRED .—Except as provided in subsection (c), the appropriate authority of a covered public building shall ensure that the building contains a lactation room that is made available for use by mem-bers of the public to express breast milk. ‘‘(c) E
XCEPTIONS .—A covered public build-ing may be excluded from the requirement in subsection (b) at the discretion of the appro-priate authority if— ‘‘(1) the public building— ‘‘(A) does not contain a lactation room for employees who work in the building; and ‘‘(B) does not have a room that could be repurposed as a lactation room or a space that could be made private using portable materials, at a reasonable cost; or ‘‘(2) new construction would be required to create a lactation room in the public build-ing and the cost of the construction is not feasible. ‘‘(d) N
OUNAUTHORIZED ENTRY .—Nothing in this section authorizes an individual to enter a public building or portion of a public build-ing that the individual is not otherwise au-thorized to enter.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 33 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to sections 3315 through 3317 and inserting the following: ‘‘3315. Lactation rooms in public buildings. ‘‘3316. Delegation. ‘‘3317. Report to Congress. ‘‘3318. Certain authority not affected.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
By Ms. COLLINS (for herself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mrs. M URRAY , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B
OOKER , and Ms. C ANTWELL ): S. 1498. A bill to establish in the Smithsonian Institution a comprehen-sive American women’s history mu-seum, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules and Administra-tion. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I am pleased to introduce, along with the senior Senator from California, Sen-ator F
EINSTEIN , the Smithsonian Amer-ican Women’s History Museum Act. This bill would establish an American women’s history museum in our Na-tion’s capital. American women have made invalu-able contributions to our Country in diverse fields such as government, busi-ness, medicine, law, literature, sports, entertainment, the arts, and the mili-tary. Telling the history of American women matters, and a museum recog-nizing these achievements and experi-ences is long overdue. In 1999, a Presidential commission on commemorating women in American history concluded that an ‘‘appropriate celebration of women’s history in the next millennium should include the designation of a focal point for wom-en’s history in our Nation’s capital.’’ In 2014, Congress took an important step toward realizing this goal when it passed legislation creating an inde-pendent, bipartisan Commission to study the potential for establishing such a museum in Washington, DC. Following 18 months of study, the bi-partisan Commission unanimously con-cluded, ‘‘America needs and deserves a physical national museum dedicated to showcasing the historical experiences and impact of women in the country.’’ Mr. President, I could not agree more. The bill we are introducing today is the next step toward creating this na-tional museum. Incorporating the rec-ommendations of the bipartisan Com-mission, the bill would establish a na-tional museum to collect, study, and create programs incorporating and ex-hibiting a wide spectrum of American women’s experiences, contributions, and history. Although the Smithsonian Institution would be the governing body, the bill requires that the con-struction of the museum be financed entirely with private funds. Mr. President, nearly 100 years ago, American women won the right to vote after a decades-long fight for suffrage. The story, leaders, and lessons of wom-en’s suffrage are among the most pow-erful in our Nation’s history. As the centennial celebration of that historic moment nears, I can think of few bet-ter ways to honor those women and that momentous achievement than by passing this legislation. A museum dedicated to women’s history would help ensure that future generations un-derstand what we owe to those Amer-ican women who have helped build, sus-tain, and advance our society. I urge my colleagues to support this legisla-tion. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. K
ENNEDY , and Mr. M ENENDEZ ): S. 1507. A bill to amend the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 to allow the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to provide capitalization grants to States to establish revolving funds to provide funding assistance to reduce flood risks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I am introducing the State Flood Mitigation Revolving Fund Act of 2017 along with Senators K
ENNEDY and M ENENDEZ . The purpose of this bill is to reduce flood risk and the costs associated with flooding by establishing a State revolv-ing loan program to fund mitigation projects for homeowners, businesses, and communities. This includes activi-ties such as home elevations, flood proofing, acquisitions, and environ-mental restoration. By funding projects that reduce risk, the bill also provides an avenue to help middle-in-come and low-income property owners reduce their flood insurance premiums. Mr. President, flooding is the most common and costly hazard facing American property owners. Every year, we are reminded of this when we see catastrophic flooding in communities across the country. Since 2010, my home State of Rhode Island has experi-enced two Presidentially-declared flooding disasters, which have cost the Federal government over $86 million in payments from the National Flood In-surance Program. Nationally, disasters like these have caused FEMA to pay out an average of nearly $3 billion a year in flood insurance claims over the last five years—not to mention the bil-lions in disaster payments for unin-sured damage. Almost universally, experts remind us that the best way to reduce the cost of flooding is to engage in proactive, not reactive, flood mitigation. This is what the State Flood Mitigation Re-volving Fund Act seeks to do. Modeled on the successful Clean Water and Drinking Water State Re-volving Funds, this bill creates a straightforward and easily accessible program through which States can offer low-interest loans to homeowners, businesses, and communities who want to mitigate their flood risk. By cre-ating a revolving fund, the bill will allow States to design and more effi-ciently implement their own flood mitigation strategies provided that they help achieve Federal objectives such as reducing disaster payments. Within this construct, the bill gives States the flexibility to undertake flood mitigation projects without the red tape associated with other Federal disaster mitigation programs. The bill requires state to provide a match of 20 percent, but they would have an incen-tive to further leverage Federal dol-lars, as many already do under the drinking water and clean water SRFs. Additionally, the bill ensures mitiga-tion assistance is focused on where the flood risk is greatest and where people are most vulnerable. The bill requires States to prioritize mitigation assist-ance for low-income homeowners and geographic areas, pre-FIRM buildings, and severe repetitive loss and repet-itive loss buildings. Finally, it gives States the option of providing addi-tional subsidization for low-income property-owners and-communities that simply do not have the wherewithal to assume additional debt. Mr. President, as we talk about ap-propriate investments in infrastruc-ture, mitigation is one place where we should be putting our money. FEMA reports that every $1 we spend on miti-gation generates $4 in future savings. Not only will this legislation lead to a healthy return on investment, it will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Sep 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\JUNE\S29JN7.REC S29JN7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3863 June 29, 2017 
also create jobs through the work it funds I invite my colleagues to join me, Senator K
ENNEDY , and Senator M ENEN -
DEZin supporting this legislation. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 210—TO COR-RECT THE ENGROSSMENT OF S. 722 Mr. CORKER submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 210 Resolved, That in the engrossment of S. 722, an Act to provide congressional review and to counter Iranian and Russian governments’ aggression, the Secretary of the Senate shall— (1) in section 216(c)— (A) strike paragraph (4) and insert the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) F
LOOR CONSIDERATION IN HOUSE OF REP -
RESENTATIVES .—If a committee of the House of Representatives to which a joint resolu-tion of approval or joint resolution of dis-approval has been referred has not reported the joint resolution within 10 calendar days after the date of referral, that committee shall be discharged from further consider-ation of the joint resolution.’’; (B) in paragraph (5)(A)— (i) in clause (i), strike ‘‘section 216 A3 that is described as’’ and insert ‘‘subsection (a)(3)(A) that relates to’’; and (ii) in clause (ii), strike ‘‘section 216 A3 that is described as’’ and insert ‘‘subsection (a)(3)(B) that relates to’’; and (C) in paragraph (7)(A), strike ‘‘but applica-ble’’ and all that follows through ‘‘dis-approval,’’; and (2) in section 236, strike subsection (b) and insert the following: ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION  
OFGOODS .—No provision affecting sanctions or licensing actions under this title or an amendment made by this title shall apply to any portion of a sanction or licensing action that affects the importation of goods.’’. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 211—CON-DEMNING THE VIOLENCE AND PERSECUTION IN CHECHNYA Mr. TOOMEY (for himself, Mr. M
AR-
KEY, Ms. M URKOWSKI , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. R
UBIO, Ms. W ARREN , Mr. G ARDNER , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. Y OUNG , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. H
ELLER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. C ASSIDY , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. K AINE, Mr. V AN H
OLLEN , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. B OOKER , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Ms. H ARRIS , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. M UR-
PHY, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. U DALL , and Mr. R
EED) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 211 Whereas, on April 1, 2017, the Russian newspaper Novaya Gazeta reported that au-thorities in Chechnya, a republic of the Rus-sian Federation, had abducted, detained, and tortured over 100 men due to their actual or suspected sexual orientation; Whereas multiple independent and first- hand accounts have subsequently corrobo-rated the Novaya Gazeta report, and describe a campaign of persecution by Chechen offi-cials against men due to their actual or sus-pected sexual orientation; Whereas, as a result of this persecution, at least three deaths have been reported and many individuals have been forced to flee Chechnya; Whereas Chechen officials have denied the existence of such persecution, including through a statement by the spokesman for Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov that ‘‘You cannot arrest or repress people who don’t exist in the republic.’’; Whereas the same spokesman for Ramzan Kadyrov has also stated that ‘‘If such people existed in Chechnya, law enforcement would not have to worry about them, as their own relatives would have sent them to where they could never return,’’ and credible re-ports indicate that Chechen authorities have encouraged families to carry out so-called ‘‘honor killings’’ of relatives due to their ac-tual or suspected sexual orientation; Whereas Chechnya is a constituent repub-lic of the Russian Federation and subject to its laws, and Ramzan Kadyrov was installed as the leader of Chechnya by Russian Presi-dent Vladimir Putin; Whereas Chechen authorities have a long history of violating the fundamental human rights of their citizens, including through extrajudicial executions, forced disappear-ances, and torture of government critics; Whereas Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov dismissed reports of persecution in Chechnya and termed them ‘‘phantom com-plaints’’; Whereas Russia’s Human Rights Ombuds-man, Tatyana Moskalkova, has also claimed that such reports should not be believed be-cause formal complaints have not been reg-istered with the appropriate authorities; Whereas the Russian Federation is a par-ticipating State of the Organization for Se-curity and Cooperation in Europe and a sig-natory to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and thus has agreed to guar-antee the fundamental human rights of all of its citizens; Whereas, on April 7, 2017, the United States Department of State issued a statement say-ing ‘‘We categorically condemn the persecu-tion of individuals based on their sexual ori-entation’’ and urging the Government of the Russian Federation to take steps to ensure the release of all those wrongfully detained in Chechnya, and to conduct a credible inves-tigation of the reports; and Whereas, on April 17, 2017, United States Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley issued a statement saying ‘‘Chechen authorities must immediately investigate these allegations, hold anyone involved ac-countable, and take steps to prevent future abuses. We are against all forms of discrimi-nation, including against people based on sexual orientation. When left unchecked, dis-crimination and human rights abuses can lead to destabilization and conflict.’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns the violence and persecution in Chechnya and calls on Chechen officials to immediately cease the abduction, detention, and torture of individuals on the basis of their actual or suspected sexual orientation, and hold accountable all those involved in perpetrating such abuses; (2) calls on the Government of the Russian Federation to protect the human rights of all its citizens, condemn the violence and persecution, investigate these crimes in Chechnya, and hold accountable all those in-volved in perpetrating such abuses; (3) calls on the United States Government to continue to condemn the violence and per-secution in Chechnya, demand the release of individuals wrongfully detained, and identify those individuals whose involvement in this violence qualifies for the imposition of sanc-tions under the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–208; 22 U.S.C. 5811 note) or the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (Public Law 114–328); and (4) affirms that the rights to freedom of as-sembly, association, and expression and free-dom from extrajudicial detention and vio-lence are universal human rights that apply to all persons, and that countries that fail to respect these rights jeopardize the security and prosperity of all their citizens. f SENATE RESOLUTION 212—RECOG-NIZING JUNE 2017 AS ‘‘LGBTQ PRIDE MONTH’’ Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mr. B OOKER , Ms. C ANT-
WELL , Mr. C ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C
OONS , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. H
ARRIS , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. P ETERS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. U
DALL , Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , Ms. W
ARREN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. K AINE, Mr. S
ANDERS , Mr. R EED, Mr. M URPHY , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , and Ms. S TABENOW ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 212 Whereas individuals who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘LGBTQ’’) include indi-viduals from all States and the District of Columbia and all faiths, races, national ori-gins, socioeconomic statuses, education lev-els, and political beliefs; Whereas LGBTQ people in the United States have made, and continue to make, vital contributions to the United States and to the world in every aspect, including in the fields of education, law, health, business, science, research, economic development, ar-chitecture, fashion, sports, government, music, film, technology, literature, civil rights, and politics; Whereas LGBTQ people in the United States serve as law enforcement officers, firefighters, and first responders in all States and the District of Columbia; Whereas LGBTQ people in the United States serve, and have served, the United States Army, Coast Guard, Navy, Air Force, and Marines, honorably and with distinction and bravery; Whereas an estimated number of more than 100,000 brave men and women were dis-charged from the Armed Forces of the United States between the beginning of World War II and 2011 because of their sexual orientation, including the discharge of more than 13,000 men and women under the ‘‘Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell’’ policy in place between 1994 and 2011; Whereas LGBTQ people in the United States serve, and have served, in positions in the Federal Government and State and local governments, including as members of Con-gress, Governors, mayors, and city council members; Whereas, throughout much of the history of the United States, same-sex relationships were criminalized in many States and many LGBTQ people in the United States were 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.024 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3864 June 29, 2017 
forced to hide their LGBTQ identities while living in secrecy and fear; Whereas, on June 26, 2015, the Supreme Court of the United States ruled in Obergefell v. Hodges, 135 S. Ct. 2584, that same-sex couples have a constitutional right to marry and acknowledged that ‘‘many same-sex couples provide loving and nur-turing homes to their children,’’ and that laws prohibiting same-sex-marriage ‘‘harm and humiliate the children of same-sex cou-ples’’; Whereas Acquired Immunodeficiency Syn-drome (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘AIDS’’) has disproportionately impacted LGBTQ people in the United States partly caused by a lack of funding and research de-voted to finding effective treatment for AIDS and the Human Immunodeficiency Virus (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘HIV’’) during the early stages of the HIV and AIDS epidemic; Whereas gay and bisexual men and transgender women of color have a higher risk of contracting HIV; Whereas the LGBTQ community has main-tained its unwavering commitment to ending the HIV and AIDS epidemic; Whereas LGBTQ people in the United States face disparities in employment, healthcare, education, and many other areas central to the pursuit of happiness in the United States; Whereas 31 States have no explicit ban on discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity in the workplace, hous-ing, or public accommodations, and 36 States have no explicit ban on discrimination against LGBTQ individuals in education; Whereas LGBTQ youth are at increased risk of suicide, homelessness, and becoming victims of bullying and violence; Whereas the LGBTQ community has faced discrimination, inequality, and violence throughout the history of the United States; Whereas LGBTQ people in the United States, in particular transgender individuals, face a disproportionately high risk of becom-ing victims of violent hate crimes; Whereas members of the LGBTQ commu-nity have been targeted in acts of mass vio-lence, including— (1) the Pulse nightclub shooting in Or-lando, Florida on June 12, 2016, where 49 peo-ple were killed; and (2) the arson attack at the UpStairs Lounge in New Orleans, Louisiana on June 24, 1973, where 32 people died; Whereas LGBTQ people in the United States face persecution and violence in many parts of the world, including State-sponsored violence; Whereas, in 2017 alone, hundreds of LGBTQ people around the world have been arrested in countries and territories such as Chechnya, Indonesia, and Bangladesh; Whereas the LGBTQ community has gath-ered in some of the most dangerous places in the world to hold Pride festivals and marches, despite threats of violence or ar-rest; Whereas, in 2009, President Barack Obama signed ‘‘Matthew Shepard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act’’ (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2835) into law to protect all people in the United States from crimes motivated by the actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity of an indi-vidual; Whereas the demonstrators that protested on June 28, 1969 following a law enforcement raid of the Stonewall Inn, an LGBTQ club in New York City, are pioneers of the LGBTQ movement for equality; Whereas LGBTQ people in the United States have fought for equal treatment, dig-nity, and respect; Whereas LGBTQ people in the United States have achieved significant milestones, ensuring that future generations of LGBTQ people in the United States will enjoy a more equal and just society; Whereas, despite being marginalized throughout the history of the United States, LGBTQ people in the United States continue to celebrate their identities, love, and con-tributions to the United States in various expressions of Pride; and Whereas the inclusion of LGBTQ people in the United States continues to expand every day and LGBTQ people in the United States remain determined to pursue equality, re-spect, and inclusion for all individuals re-gardless of sexual orientation or gender iden-tity: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the rights, freedoms, and equal treatment of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (referred to in this resolving clause as ‘‘LGBTQ’’) people in the United States and around the world; (2) acknowledges that LGBTQ rights are human rights that are to be protected by the United States Constitution and numerous international treaties and conventions; (3) commits to ensuring the equal treat-ment of all people in the United States, re-gardless of sexual orientation and gender identity; (4) commits to ensuring that the United States remains a beacon of hope for the equal treatment of people around the world, including LGBTQ individuals; and (5) encourages the celebration of June as ‘‘LGBTQ Pride Month’’ in order to provide a lasting opportunity for all people in the United States to learn about the discrimina-tion and inequality that the LGBTQ commu-nity endured, and continues to endure, and to celebrate the contributions of the LGBTQ community throughout the history of the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 213—HON-ORING THE MEMORY OF DALLAS POLICE DEPARTMENT SENIOR CORPORAL LORNE AHRENS, SER-GEANT MICHAEL SMITH, OFFI-CER MICHAEL KROL, OFFICER PATRICK ZAMARRIPA, AND DAL-LAS AREA RAPID TRANSIT PO-LICE OFFICER BRENT THOMP-SON, WHO WERE KILLED DURING THE ATTACK IN DALLAS, TEXAS, THAT OCCURRED 1 YEAR AGO, ON JULY 7, 2016 Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 213 Whereas the horrific act of violence and hatred that occurred in Dallas, Texas, on July 7, 2016, was the deadliest attack on United States law enforcement officers since the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001; Whereas the attack occurred during a law-ful, peaceful, nonviolent demonstration and took place with the intention of targeting police officers; Whereas law enforcement personnel and first responders performed their duties and responsibilities admirably during the attack and risked being killed for the safety of the people of Dallas; Whereas President Barack Obama, Presi-dent George W. Bush, and other officials joined together for a memorial service fol-lowing the attack; Whereas the Dallas Police Chief helped a wounded community heal in the aftermath of the attack and called on members of the community to join law enforcement and be-come part of the solution; Whereas the Dallas Area Rapid Transit (re-ferred to in this preamble as ‘‘DART’’) Police Chief demonstrated strong leadership and compassion in responding to the first fallen officer from DART in the line of duty; Whereas Friday, July 7, 2017, marks 1 year since the attack; Whereas the community of Dallas and communities across Texas and the United States continue to support the victims of this attack and the families, friends, and loved ones of those victims; and Whereas the community of Dallas and communities across Texas and the United States continue to support the brave men and women of local law enforcement for the dedicated service that local law enforcement provides to the community: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commemorates the victims killed in the heinous attack in Dallas, Texas, on July 7, 2016, and offers heartfelt condolences and deepest sympathies to the families, loved ones, and friends of the victims; (2) honors the survivors of the attack and pledges continued support for the recovery of the survivors; (3) expresses the belief of the Senate that an attack on a law enforcement officer is an affront to the rule of law, the promise of jus-tice, domestic tranquility, common defense, general welfare, and the blessings of liberty secured by the Constitution of the United States; (4) applauds the bravery and dedication ex-hibited by the hundreds of Federal, State, and local law enforcement officials, emer-gency medical responders, and others who of-fered support and assistance during and after the attack; and (5) stands together united against violence and hatred, and in support of the brave and honorable police officers across the United States who work every day to keep the United States safe. f SENATE RESOLUTION 214—DESIG-NATING JUNE 19, 2017, AS ‘‘JUNETEENTH INDEPENDENCE DAY’’ IN RECOGNITION OF JUNE 19, 1865, THE DATE ON WHICH SLAVERY LEGALLY CAME TO AN END IN THE UNITED STATES Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mrs. G
ILLI-
BRAND , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. B URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C
RUZ, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. H AR-
RIS, Mr. K AINE, Mr. K ING, Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M UR-
RAY, Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S
COTT, Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W AR-
REN, Mr. W HITEHOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. Y
OUNG ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 214 Whereas news of the end of slavery did not reach the frontier areas of the United States, in particular the State of Texas and the other Southwestern States, until months after the conclusion of the Civil War, more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.027 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3865 June 29, 2017 
than 21⁄2years after President Abraham Lin-coln issued the Emancipation Proclamation on January 1, 1863; Whereas, on June 19, 1865, Union soldiers, led by Major General Gordon Granger, ar-rived in Galveston, Texas, with news that the Civil War had ended and that the enslaved were free; Whereas African-Americans who had been slaves in the Southwest celebrated June 19, commonly known as ‘‘Juneteenth Independ-ence Day’’, as inspiration and encourage-ment for future generations; Whereas African-Americans from the Southwest have continued the tradition of observing Juneteenth Independence Day for over 150 years; Whereas 45 States and the District of Co-lumbia have designated Juneteenth Inde-pendence Day as a special day of observance in recognition of the emancipation of all slaves in the United States; Whereas Juneteenth Independence Day celebrations have been held to honor Afri-can-American freedom while encouraging self-development and respect for all cultures; Whereas the faith and strength of char-acter demonstrated by former slaves and the descendants of former slaves remain an ex-ample for all people of the United States, re-gardless of background, religion, or race; Whereas slavery was not officially abol-ished until the ratification of the 13th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States in December 1865; and Whereas, over the course of its history, the United States has grown into a symbol of de-mocracy and freedom around the world: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates June 19, 2017, as ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’; (2) recognizes the historical significance of Juneteenth Independence Day to the United States; (3) supports the continued nationwide cele-bration of Juneteenth Independence Day to provide an opportunity for the people of the United States to learn more about the past and to better understand the experiences that have shaped the United States; and (4) recognizes that the observance of the end of slavery is part of the history and her-itage of the United States. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 215—DESIG-NATING JULY 14, 2017, AS COL-LECTOR CAR APPRECIATION DAY AND RECOGNIZING THAT THE COLLECTION AND RESTORATION OF HISTORIC AND CLASSIC CARS IS AN IMPORTANT PART OF PRE-SERVING THE TECHNOLOGICAL ACHIEVEMENTS AND CULTURAL HERITAGE OF THE UNITED STATES Mr. BURR (for himself and Mr. T
ESTER ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 215 Whereas many people in the United States maintain classic automobiles as a pastime and do so with great passion and as a means of individual expression; Whereas the Senate recognizes the effect that the more than 100-year history of the automobile has had on the economic progress of the United States and supports wholeheartedly all activities involved in the restoration and exhibition of classic auto-mobiles; Whereas the collection, restoration, and preservation of automobiles is an activity shared across generations and across all seg-ments of society; Whereas thousands of local car clubs and related businesses have been instrumental in preserving a historic part of the heritage of the United States by encouraging the res-toration and exhibition of such vintage works of art; Whereas automotive restoration provides well-paying, high-skilled jobs for people in all 50 States; and Whereas automobiles have provided the in-spiration for music, photography, cinema, fashion, and other artistic pursuits that have become part of the popular culture of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates July 14, 2017, as ‘‘Collector Car Appreciation Day’’; (2) recognizes that the collection and res-toration of historic and classic cars is an im-portant part of preserving the technological achievements and cultural heritage of the United States; and (3) encourages the people of the United States to engage in events and commemora-tions of Collector Car Appreciation Day that create opportunities for collector car owners to educate young people about the impor-tance of preserving the cultural heritage of the United States, including through the col-lection and restoration of collector cars. f SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 20—EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT THE OVERTIME RULE PUBLISHED IN THE FEDERAL REGISTER BY THE SECRETARY OF LABOR ON MAY 23, 2016, WOULD PROVIDE MILLIONS OF WORKERS WITH GREATER ECONOMIC SECURITY AND WAS A LEGALLY VALID EX-ERCISE OF THE AUTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY UNDER THE FAIR LABOR STANDARDS ACT OF 1938 Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mrs. M
UR-
RAY, Mr. B OOKER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. S AND-
ERS, Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ) submitted the following concur-rent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. C ON. RES. 20 Whereas the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 201 et seq.) established over-time compensation requirements for certain employees when they work more than 40 hours in a given workweek; Whereas under section 13(a)(1) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 213(a)(1)), Congress delegated to the Sec-retary of Labor the authority to define and delimit the terms relating to the exemption for bona fide executive, administrative, and professional employees (commonly known as the ‘‘white collar exemption’’); Whereas for more than 75 years, the Sec-retary of Labor has exercised its delegated authority to issue regulations that define and delimit the terms relating to the white collar exemption by applying a duties test and applying a minimum compensation level or salary threshold; Whereas the Secretary of Labor began uti-lizing a salary threshold in the initial regu-lations defining and delimiting the terms re-lating to the white collar exemption, which were first issued in 1938; Whereas Congress has long approved the use of a salary threshold by the Secretary of Labor, as demonstrated by the fact that Con-gress has amended the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 at least 10 times since 1938 and has not precluded the Secretary from using a salary threshold; Whereas the salary threshold became woe-fully out of date and ineffective as a result of not being sufficiently updated to keep pace with a changing economy, as evidenced by the fact that more than half of all full-time salaried workers were covered by the salary threshold in 1975 and only 8 percent of these workers were covered by the salary thresh-old in 2015; Whereas the salary threshold of $455 per week, or $23,660 per year, that was in effect on May 22, 2016, was below the poverty line for a family of 4; Whereas the Secretary of Labor updated the salary threshold on May 23, 2016, through a final rule entitled ‘‘Defining and Delim-iting the Exemptions for Executive, Admin-istrative, Professional, Outside Sales and Computer Employees’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 32391) by increasing the salary threshold to the 40th percentile of earnings of full-time salaried employees in the lowest-wage Census Region, resulting in a salary threshold of $913 per week or $47,476 per year; Whereas the final rule would benefit more than 13,000,000 employees by providing over-time compensation protections to 4,200,000 new employees and strengthening overtime compensation protections for 8,900,000 addi-tional employees; Whereas the Secretary of Labor went through a thorough process in crafting the final rule, seeking public input and con-ducting extensive economic analysis, includ-ing— (1) spending more than a year meeting with more than 200 interested parties to ob-tain input before issuing the proposed rule in 2015; (2) considering more than 270,000 comments received during the 60-day public comment period on the proposed rule; and (3) making significant changes in response to public input before issuing the final rule; Whereas the public comments submitted to the Secretary of Labor regarding the pro-posed rule were overwhelmingly positive and supportive of the rule; Whereas the increase in the salary thresh-old, included in the final rule, to the 40th percentile of earnings of full-time salaried employees in the lowest-wage Census Region, resulting in a threshold of $913 per week or $47,476 per year, was a strong yet measured increase by almost any measure, including as compared to— (1) the higher salary threshold of $970 per week or $50,440 per year, initially put for-ward by the Secretary of Labor in the pro-posed rule; (2) the salary threshold of $984 per week or $51,168 per year, which would be necessary to fully account for the erosion to the value of the salary threshold since 1975 due to infla-tion; (3) the salary threshold of $1,122 per week or $58,344 per year, which would be necessary to cover the same share of all salaried work-ers as were covered in 1975 after accounting for changes in the economy; and (4) the salary threshold of $1,327 per week or $69,004 per year, which would be necessary to cover the same percentage of all salaried workers as were covered in 1975; Whereas the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas erroneously called the authority of the Secretary of Labor under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 into question when it issued a prelimi-nary injunction enjoining the Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.028 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3866 June 29, 2017 
Labor from enforcing the final overtime rule; and Whereas millions of workers eagerly await a fair day’s pay for a hard day’s work: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That it is the sense of Congress that the final rule issued on May 23, 2016, by the Secretary of Labor entitled ‘‘Defining and Delimiting the Exemptions for Executive, Administrative, Professional, Outside Sales and Computer Employees’’ (81 Fed. Reg. 32391)— (1) would provide more than 13,000,000 workers with greater economic security; (2) was created through the legally valid exercise of the congressionally-delegated au-thority of the Secretary of Labor under the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938; and (3) should be defended and enforced with due haste. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 21—URGING THE GOVERN-MENT OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUB-LIC OF CHINA TO UNCONDITION-ALLY RELEASE LIU XIAOBO, TO-GETHER WITH HIS WIFE LIU XIA, TO ALLOW THEM TO FREELY MEET WITH FRIENDS, FAMILY, AND COUNSEL AND SEEK MED-ICAL TREATMENT WHEREVER THEY DESIRE Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Mr. C RUZ) submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was referred to the Committee on For-eign Relations: 
S. C ON. RES. 21 Whereas Liu Xiaobo has inspired untold numbers of people in the People’s Republic of China and globally for his courageous stands for democracy, the protection of human rights, and peaceful change in China; Whereas, on December 9, 2008, a diverse group of more than 300 Chinese scholars, writers, lawyers, and activists issued Charter 08, a manifesto calling on the Chinese Com-munist Party to abandon authoritarian rule in favor of democracy, the guarantee of human rights, and the rule of law; Whereas Liu Xiaobo was one of the original drafters of Charter 08 and was taken into custody one day before the manifesto was re-leased; Whereas, in December 2009, a Beijing court sentenced Liu Xiaobo to 11 years in prison for ‘‘inciting subversion of state power,’’ in part for his role in Charter 08; Whereas, in recognition of Liu Xiaobo’s long and non-violent struggle for funda-mental human rights in the People’s Repub-lic of China, he was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in October 2010; Whereas Liu Xiaobo’s wife, Liu Xia, has been held in extralegal home confinement since October 2010, 2 weeks after her hus-band’s Nobel Peace Prize award was an-nounced, and has reportedly suffered severe health problems over the years which re-quired hospitalization; Whereas, in May 2011, the United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention issued opinions declaring that the Chinese Government’s imprisonment of Liu Xiaobo and the detention of Liu Xia both con-travened the Universal Declaration of Human Rights; Whereas Liu Xiaobo was diagnosed with terminal liver cancer in May 2017 and grant-ed permission to access medical treatment outside of prison, and is currently hospital-ized in China; Whereas, according to news and family re-ports, Liu Xiaobo’s cancer has metastasized and the Government of the People’s Republic of China has refused requests by his family to transfer him to Beijing for medical treat-ment; and Whereas Liu Xiaobo currently cannot free-ly meet with friends and family or seek med-ical care outside of China: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), That Congress— (1) recognizes Liu Xiaobo for his decades of peaceful struggle for basic human rights and democracy in the People’s Republic of China; (2) urges the Government of the People’s Republic of China to unconditionally release Liu Xiaobo, together with his wife Liu Xia, to allow them to freely meet with friends, family, and counsel and seek medical treat-ment wherever they desire; and (3) urges the President to seek humani-tarian transfer from the People’s Republic of China for Liu Xiaobo, together with his wife Liu Xia, so that he can seek medical treat-ment in the United States or elsewhere over-seas. f NOTICE OF INTENT TO OBJECT TO PROCEEDING I, Senator T
AMMY DUCKWORTH , intend to object to proceeding to the nomina-tion of Steven Gill Bradbury, of Vir-ginia, to be General Counsel for the De-partment of Transportation, dated June 29, 2017. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, JULY 3, 2017, AT 6 P.M. Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:45 p.m., adjourned until Monday, July 3, 2017, at 6 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
MATTHEW P. DONOVAN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNDER SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE, VICE LISA S. DISBROW, RESIGNED. ELLEN M. LORD, OF RHODE ISLAND, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF DEFENSE FOR ACQUISITION, TECHNOLOGY, AND LOGISTICS, VICE FRANK KENDALL III. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
CHRISTOPHER CAMPBELL, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY, VICE CYRUS AMIR–MOKRI, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
PETER B. DAVIDSON, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE GENERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE, VICE KELLY R. WELSH, RESIGNED. 
NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFETY BOARD  
ROBERT L. SUMWALT III, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE CHAIRMAN OF THE NATIONAL TRANSPORTATION SAFE-TY BOARD FOR A TERM OF TWO YEARS, VICE CHRIS-TOPHER A. HART. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR  
BRENDA BURMAN, OF ARIZONA, TO BE COMMISSIONER OF RECLAMATION, VICE ESTEVAN R. LOPEZ. DOUGLAS W. DOMENECH, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF THE INTERIOR, VICE ESTHER PUAKELA KIA’AINA. 
UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL TRADE  
COMMISSION  
JASON KEARNS, OF COLORADO, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNATIONAL TRADE COMMIS-SION FOR THE TERM EXPIRING DECEMBER 16, 2024, VICE DEAN A. PINKERT, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
LUIS E. ARREAGA, OF VIRGINIA, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF GUATEMALA. KRISHNA R. URS, OF CONNECTICUT, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF PERU. PUBLIC HEALTH SERVICE  
JEROME M. ADAMS, OF INDIANA, TO BE MEDICAL DI-RECTOR IN THE REGULAR CORPS OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH SERVICE, SUBJECT TO QUALIFICATIONS THERE-FOR AS PROVIDED BY LAW AND REGULATIONS, AND TO BE SURGEON GENERAL OF THE PUBLIC HEALTH SERVICE FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE VIVEK HALLEGERE MURTHY. 
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION  
JANET DHILLON, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMIS-SION FOR A TERM EXPIRING JULY 1, 2022, VICE JENNY R. YANG, TERM EXPIRING. 
NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD  
WILLIAM J. EMANUEL, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD FOR THE TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING AUGUST 27, 2021, VICE KENT YOSHIHO HIROZAWA, TERM EXPIRED. 
NATIONAL MEDIATION BOARD  
GERALD W. FAUTH, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NATIONAL MEDIATION BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIR-ING JULY 1, 2020, VICE HARRY R. HOGLANDER, TERM EX-PIRED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
JOSHUA A. DEAHL, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE AN ASSOCIATE JUDGE OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE TERM OF FIFTEEN YEARS, VICE ERIC T. WASHINGTON, RETIRED. 
OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL  
INTELLIGENCE  
SUSAN M. GORDON, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE PRINCIPAL DEPUTY DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE, VICE STEPHANIE O’SULLIVAN. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
ERIC S. DREIBAND, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT ATTORNEY GENERAL, VICE THOMAS E. PEREZ, RE-SIGNED. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE TO BE A FOR-EIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CONSULAR OFFICER, AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: ANDREW K. ABORDONADO, OF CALIFORNIA KAREN A. ANTONYAN, OF NEVADA TOBEI B. ARAI, OF GEORGIA CLAIRE T. BEA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA KAREN D. BETTENCOURT, OF CALIFORNIA BENJAMIN B. CHAPMAN, OF MARYLAND HEATHER M. CHASE, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE JOHN T. CHENG, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BERNARDO A. DIAZ, OF NEW MEXICO CAROLINA ESCALERA, OF FLORIDA REBECCA E. FARMER, OF WASHINGTON BENJAMIN M. FEHRMAN, OF NORTH CAROLINA PAUL R. FLEMING, OF FLORIDA ERIC W. GROFF, OF WASHINGTON COLIN B. GUARD, OF WASHINGTON JULIAN A. HADAS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA THEODORE L. HO, OF CALIFORNIA STEPHEN E. HUNEKE, OF FLORIDA ARIEL R. JAHNER, OF CALIFORNIA CHRISTOPHER D. JOHNSON, OF NEW YORK JOSHUA R. JOHNSON, OF CALIFORNIA BRIANA N. JONES, OF NEW YORK JEFF JUNG, OF CALIFORNIA JOHN–MARSHALL KLEIN, OF VIRGINIA PATRICK E. KOUCHERAVY, OF VIRGINIA VICKY KU, OF NEW YORK ADAM M. LEVY, OF MASSACHUSETTS ANGELO M. MAESTAS, OF WASHINGTON MARK R. MALONEY, OF VIRGINIA SHIVA A. MARVASTI, OF CONNECTICUT AMY R. MONSARRAT, OF VIRGINIA THERESA L. MUSACCHIO, OF ILLINOIS DEBRA N. NEGRON, OF VIRGINIA STEPHANIE K. PARENTI, OF FLORIDA RACHAEL N. PARRISH, OF FLORIDA SAPNA K. PATEL, OF TEXAS SANDRA V. PIZARRO, OF IDAHO AARON H. PRATT, OF MINNESOTA ALEKSANDRA RISTOVIC, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA LAUREN B. ROBERTS, OF VIRGINIA ERIN E. ROBINSON, OF COLORADO ALEKSEY SANCHEZ, OF FLORIDA TABITHA J. SNOWBARGER, OF TENNESSEE RAEJEAN K. STOKES, OF CONNECTICUT KARLA R. THOMAS, OF WASHINGTON EMILY J. TIETZE, OF TEXAS PHILLIP C. TISSUE, JR., OF PENNSYLVANIA DANIEL G. TOWNE, OF CALIFORNIA LAURA J. TRAVIS, OF VIRGINIA SARAH M. VAN HORNE, OF CALIFORNIA JOHN VOLKOFF, OF MARYLAND LILA F. WADE, OF OREGON PETER B. WINTER, OF NEW MEXICO 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.029 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3867 June 29, 2017 
FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION  
BRENDAN CARR, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2018, VICE THOMAS EDGAR WHEELER. BRENDAN CARR, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS FROM JULY 1, 2018. (REAPPOINT-MENT) DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
KAY BAILEY HUTCHISON, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES PERMANENT REPRESENTATIVE ON THE COUN-CIL OF THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION, WITH THE RANK AND STATUS OF AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:21 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A29JN6.003 S29JNPT1SSpencer on DSKBBV9HB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE921 June 29, 2017 
HONORING HIS HOLINESS GURUDEV RAKESHBHAI JHAVERI, SPIRITUAL LEADER OF THE SHRIMAD RAJCHANDRA MISSION IN DHARAMPUR 
HON. RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, today I honor His Holiness Gurudev Rakeshbhai Jhaveri, spiritual leader of the Shrimad Rajchandra Mission in Dharampur and living embodiment of Jainism — a dy-namic religion which exemplifies the highest and noblest values, moral upliftment and spir-itual elevation — as he makes a historically important visit to Jain devotees across North America. The Jain Society of Metropolitan Chicago was founded in 1970 to provide a temple for religious services and a community center for the social, cultural and educational needs of the Jain community in northern Illinois. The Jain Society engages in various activities and endeavors centered around spirituality, char-acter-building, and human welfare. Born in 1966, His Holiness Gurudev Rakeshbhai Jhaveri realized his calling early in life and since a very early age has dedi-cated himself to service and to the spiritual practice of Jainism. Over time, his outstanding virtues of austerity, self-control, devotion, hu-mility and service have earned him the affec-tionate title Pujya. Following in the footsteps of his guru Shrimad Rajchandra, Pujya has pledged to propagate peace and perform acts of service, especially in this time of such un-rest in the world. Every time I visit the Jain Society and wit-ness the beautiful work of its volunteers, I learn more and reaffirm my admiration of Jainism and its values. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support my many friends who follow the path of Jainism throughout the country, es-pecially under the guidance of such an influen-tial leader. I honor His Holiness Gurudev Rakeshbhai Jhaveri, spiritual leader of the Shrimad Rajchandra Mission in Dharampur, on the oc-casion of his visit to the Jain Society of Metro-politan Chicago in July of 2017. 
f 
LEE RASCH 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise to bring to the attention of my colleagues the work of Lee Rasch, who is retiring at the end of this month as president of Western Technical College in Wisconsin. There is an old saying, ‘‘Think Globally, Act Locally.’’ No saying better re-flects the work of Lee. For twenty-eight years, Lee has led West-ern, working in a collective manner with gov-ernmental and business leaders in the eleven (11) county, three campus region to expand workforce development opportunities and en-hance job skills training to students who were comprised of recent high school graduates to those who were recently unemployed. With a mannerism of respect and understanding, Lee led the college with a style that emphasized listening, learning and collaboration. Under his leadership, Western continued to grow and evolve, working with employers to identify pro-grams and courses that grow the economies of our region and state, while also ensuring that the students have the skills they need to meet the ever-changing demands of the work-place. Lee’s leadership at Western emphasized community engagement. As such, he contrib-uted a significant amount of his time and effort to improve the economic vitality of downtown La Crosse and the greater Coulee Region. La Crosse and western Wisconsin were not the only communities where Lee made an impact. As the La Crosse Tribune wrote in an article in December 2016 when they named him the 2016 Tribune Person of the Year: ‘‘He has been instrumental in building the sister city re-lationship between La Crosse and Kumbo, Cameroon, after a chance encounter with a member of the Tertiary Sisters of St. Francis at Western.’’ His efforts have led to greater educational training and the improvement of nearly a dozen rural schools near Kumbo. Lee’s love of education has improved the lives of people at the local and global level. I congratulate Lee Rasch for his work. I wish him and his wife, Susan Fox, much joy and happiness in a well-deserved retirement. The people, businesses and communities in western Wisconsin, Kumbo, Cameroon, and countless others are better off as a result of your work. f 
IN MEMORY OF NICKY HAYDEN 
HON. BRETT GUTHRIE 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of my constituent, Nicky Hayden, an international motorcycle racer who tragically passed away following a bicycle ac-cident in Italy last month at the age of thirty- five. Nicky, known around the world as the ‘‘Kentucky Kid,’’ was a beloved member of the Owensboro community. Nicky was riding by age three, and he fol-lowed in his older brother’s footsteps to begin a career in racing when he was just sixteen years old and attending Owensboro Catholic High School. He won his first AMA Grand Na-tional Championship in 1999. In 2002, he shared a podium with both of his brothers, Tommy and Roger Lee at the Springfield IT race. Eventually he joined the Honda Repsol MotoGP team in 2003 and won the MotoGP world title in 2006. He continued to race in international competitions in the years that fol-lowed, and was competing in the Motul Italian Round in May before he passed away. In his personal life, Nicky was a son, a brother, and a fiance´. And he always consid-ered Owensboro home, traveling back and forth from there to his international races. Nicky’s favorite bible verse was Proverbs 14:23: ‘‘All hard work brings a profit, but mere talk only leads to poverty.’’ While the commu-nity continues mourning our loss, we can all be grateful that we were lucky enough to have shared this earth with Nicky. I am grateful for his passion for life and his dedication to his family and hometown community of Owensboro. We will miss him. f 
HONORING MINEOLA WISENER FIELD AIRPORT 
HON. JEB HENSARLING 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to recognize 100 years of aviation at Mineola Wisener Field Airport lo-cated in Wood County, Texas. On July 4, 1917, a United States Army Signal Corps Cur-tis JN–4 ‘‘Jenny’’ aircraft, piloted by Lt. Ralph W. Stone, landed just outside Mineola, Texas. The site was established as ‘‘Massingale Meadow’’ and was used as an emergency landing site for Love Field Airport. The site was published in books in 1920 and 1921 and many early aviators and pioneers frequented the site. Robert ‘‘Henry’’ Wisener, Jr. was 12 years old when he observed the first landing from his family farm in 1917. When he was 17, Henry was taught to fly by Roy Wilson, a Hol-lywood stunt pilot who spent time at the field. Henry’s love and passion for aircraft grew from there. On June 1, 1926, Henry leased ‘‘Massingale Meadow’’ and named the airport the Royal Field. Here he built the first airplane hangar and offered flight training, aircraft re-pairs and fuel. He later based the Royal Flying Circus here and together with his brother Bryce, performed aerial acrobatics throughout Texas and the Southwest and Midwest re-gions of the U.S. In 1941, Henry purchased ‘‘Massingale Meadow’’ along with a 50 acre tract to length-en the runway. In 1946, an aircraft mainte-nance shop, classroom, and flight office were built to provide training under the GI Bill. Dur-ing that year a decommissioned Department of Commerce Airways Beacon Tower and Beacon were disassembled and moved to ‘‘Massingale Meadow’’. From 1963 to 1983, the city of Mineola leased the airport and it operated as the Min-eola Municipal Airport. The airport was re-named Mineola Wisener Field Airport at the expiration of the lease. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29JN8.001 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE922 June 29, 2017 
Wisener Field and its early founders and op-erators have been recognized throughout the years on many occasions, including by the Texas Historical Commission. The Texas Aer-onautics Commission and the Federal Aviation Administration recognized Mineola Wisener Field Airport as the ‘‘second oldest, continu-ously-used, uncontrolled airport in the state.’’ As Wood County’s first airport, Wisener Field has made a long-lasting impact on the econ-omy, as well as aviation enthusiasts. As the Representative of the 5th Congres-sional District of Texas, it is an honor to rec-ognize Wisener Field on the 100th Anniver-sary of its first landing. 
f 
HOW TRUMPCARE WILL EXACER-BATE THE TRANSPORTATION BARRIER 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, America is a global leader in health care inno-vation and discovery. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, we’ve made great progress in mak-ing sure more Americans have access to health insurance in recent years. We must recognize that much work remains to ensure all Americans have practical access to health services. Financial and structural barriers con-tinue to exist for countless Americans, particu-larly those in rural and under resourced com-munities where distance to a hospital is long and the concentration of health professionals is sparse. Health care access presents a problem for people in rural areas where distance is a tax-ing obstacle. People in suburban and urban settings, while they may live closer to a doctor or hospital, can still have trouble with transpor-tation. Often, households share one vehicle between many family members if they own one at all. Low-income neighborhoods are often subject to unreliable public transpor-tation. Birmingham is the only city in my dis-trict with a public transportation system but it faces many challenges that the city is trying to rectify. For the disabled, obese, or chronically ill, the lack of reliable transportation options lead to missed appointments and overall lower health outcomes. Patients miss doctor’s appointments simply because they do not have transportation to get there. Without transportation access, patients may wait for a medical emergency just to be able to see a doctor. In rural parts of Ala-bama, the problem is worse among minorities. Throughout the nation, 55 percent of African American and 60 percent of Hispanic survey respondents reported that transportation was a major barrier to medical treatment, compared to 38 percent of white respondents. Eligibility requirements vary, but each state has a ‘‘non-emergency medical transport’’ benefit for people with Medicaid. It covers a certain number of rides for medical care per month. Some states contract with local com-panies to provide rides for citizens who other-wise would have no way to receive regular medical attention. These are just some of the benefits millions of beneficiaries will have no access to if Trumpcare becomes law. The Affordable Care Act’s expansion of Medicaid and reforms to the individual insur-ance market has helped to lower the unin-sured rate for African Americans. Between 2013 and 2016, the uninsured rate for African Americans declined from 18.9 percent to 11.7 percent. However, African Americans still have higher uninsured rates than whites (7.5 per-cent) and Asian Americans (6.3 percent). Re-pealing the ACA and cutting Medicaid pro-grams reverses the progress America has made to make healthcare more accessible and affordable in recent years. One’s access to quality health care should not depend on where they live, what their race is, or how much money they have. This coun-try should uphold the values it claims to have and ensure that healthcare is not a pref-erential benefit, but a human right for every citizen. f 
IN HONOR OF MR. BILL DEBERRY, SR. 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Mr. Bill DeBerry, Sr., one of the finest businessmen in Denton, Texas. As the founder and owner of a funeral home in Denton, Bill devoted much of his life to as-sisting others during some of the most difficult times of their own lives. Bill left school at an early age to help sup-port his family when he began driving an am-bulance for a funeral home. The owner of the funeral home at the time noticed Bill’s work ethic and encouraged him to finish his edu-cation. With both high school and University of North Texas degrees in hand, Bill worked his way through the Dallas Institute of Mortuary Services. After graduating with his specialized degree, Bill began his mortuary career at Schmitz- Floyd-Hamlett Funeral Home in Denton. After gaining valuable experience in the industry, he opened Bill DeBerry Funeral Directors in 1990. This local business continues to serve the Denton community today under the leadership and dedication of his sons. I would like to offer my sincere condolences to Mr. DeBerry’s family, friends, and col-leagues. He will be remembered for his com-passion and commitment to excellence throughout his 60 year career, as well as his service to our Denton community. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF EDUARDO AND MARIA VALADAO 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my parents, Eduardo and Maria Valadao, on being nominated the 2017 Kings County Dairy Couple of the Year. This year, Mr. and Mrs. Valadao are being honored as the 2017 Kings County Dairy Cou-ple of the Year at the Kings County June Dairy Month Committee Dinner in Hanford, California. This award is given to members who are actively involved in industry activities. As parents, grandparents, and lifetime dairy farmers, Eduardo and Maria Valadao exem-plify the values, leadership, and commitment this award stands for by improving the image of the dairy industry. Eduardo F. Valadao was born on October 14, 1943, in Fontinhas, a civil parish on the Terceira Island in the Portuguese Azores. Al-most thirteen miles southwest, Maria F. Goncalves was born in Ribeirinha, on Feb-ruary 17, 1953. The couple’s relationship bloomed after first meeting at a bull fight in front of Maria’s childhood home. Mr. Valadao migrated to Los Angeles County in January of 1969. He immediately took a job milking cows, in hopes of creating a successful life for his fu-ture wife and children. After establishing a life in the States, Eduardo traveled back to the Azores and proposed to Maria. Following her fiance´, Maria immigrated to the United States in 1972. The couple married on April 28, 1973, in Artesia, California. The youngest of eight, Eduardo Valadao was raised on a dairy, and worked close with his father and brothers. He wanted to continue the lifestyle he was raised in, to guarantee his days would be spent with his family, teaching his sons about hard work. After their first son, Eduardo ‘‘Eddie’’ Goncalves Valadao, was born on March 18, 1974, the family partnered with another Portuguese family and purchased their first cows on a dairy in Riverdale. Mr. Valadao worked to grow this dairy until it was large enough to support both families involved. After Mrs. Valadao gave birth to their second son, Miguel ‘‘Mike’’ Goncalves Valadao on Au-gust 13, 1975, Mr. Valadao moved his family from Los Angeles County to Riverdale in Sep-tember of 1975. As a result of the Valadao household in-creasing, Mr. Valadao moved on from the partnership and rented a larger dairy facility in Tulare, California, in 1977. The family then welcomed their third son, David Goncalves Valadao, on April 14, 1977. Eduardo contin-ued to farm in Tulare until he was ready to in-vest in his own dairy. Following the birth of their only daughter, Melinda Goncalves Valadao, on June 16, 1985, Mr. Valadao pur-chased the family’s first dairy facility located in Hanford, California. Eduardo and Maria contin-ued to farm and raise their children on this dairy for twelve years. In 1997, they decided to expand their operation and purchased the land of the current dairy. It wasn’t until Feb-ruary of 2000 when the current dairy was in full production. Today, Eduardo and Maria Valadao remain actively involved in their dairy. Eduardo, con-tinuing the tradition of hard work, can be found at the dairy on a daily basis. This humble dairy couple has successfully raised their sons with the same work ethic, knowledge, and passion for the industry as they each manage their own dairies. The first dairy is still in the family, owned and operated by Eddie Valadao. Due to their lifetime commitment to dairying, and priority to instill those values in their fam-ily, Mr. and Mrs. Valadao have become sta-ples in the dairy community. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing my parents for their strong presence in the dairy industry, and con-gratulating them on being Kings County Dairy Couple of the Year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29JN8.004 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE923 June 29, 2017 
CONGRATULATING THE MARY-LAND TERRAPINS ON THEIR WOMEN’S AND MEN’S NATIONAL LACROSSE CHAMPIONSHIPS 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise to congratulate the University of Maryland on its double victory last month in the NCAA Division I lacrosse national cham-pionships. Both the women’s Terrapin and men’s Terrapin teams brought the highest prize home to College Park in Maryland’s Fifth District, representing the first time that both Maryland lacrosse teams won championships in the same year. Lacrosse has deep roots in Maryland, an older version having been played across east-ern and central North America for centuries by Native American nations. That game inspired European settlers and their descendants in the United States and Canada to implement the modem game of lacrosse, which has become one of our country’s most popular sports. Played in youth leagues, high schools, and colleges across America, lacrosse teaches teamwork, sportsmanship, athleticism, strat-egy, and leadership. The University of Maryland’s lacrosse pro-gram has been competitive nationally even long before the NCAA’s national champion-ships first began for men in 1971 and for women in 1982. Since the 1930’s, the Ter-rapin men’s team won the Wingate Memorial Trophy several times as the victors of the U.S. Intercollegiate Lacrosse Association national championship. For the modem tournament, the Terrapin men won championships in 1973 and 1975 before beginning a forty-two year drought that ended last month with their 9–6 victory over Ohio State in the 2017 champion-ship game, led by Head Coach John Tillman. Coach Tillman took over the Maryland la-crosse program seven years ago and has brought the team to six NCAA Final Four tour-naments and five national championships. This year’s men’s roster included eight All- Americans, who helped make 2017 a year to remember. For the Terrapin women, winning champion-ships became a tradition, with thirteen national titles since 1982, including a streak of seven consecutive victories from 1995 to 2001. This year, they beat Boston College 16–13 in a closely contested game held in Massachusetts to secure their fourteenth national champion-ship. Head Coach Cathy Reese, herself an alumna of the University of Maryland, has been leading the Terrapin women since 2007. As a former Terrapin lacrosse star, Coach Reese was a two-time All-American and was named the NCAA tournament’s ‘Most Valuable Player’ in 1998. This year, her Terrapins fin-ished the season with an undefeated, 23–0 record, capped by this latest national title. This is their third championship victory in the last four years. Five of the team’s athletes were named All-Americans for 2017. Both teams were led by standout stars, and for the first time in NCAA lacrosse history both recipients of the prestigious Tewaaraton Award, which honors the top men’s and wom-en’s players each year, were won by Maryland athletes. For the women’s team, midfielder and captain Zoe Stukenberg brought home the award, while for the men attackman Matt Rambo received the honor. Both of them have also been nominated for Espy awards, with the winners to be announced on July 12. I’m proud that the University of Maryland is a national powerhouse for both athletics and academics, leading the country both on the playing field and in classrooms and labora-tories. I join in congratulating our victorious Terrapins and wishing them much success as they prepare for next season and to defend their historic double-victory. 
f 
RECOGNIZING ALZHEIMER’S AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, June marks Alzheimer’s Awareness Month, a time when we especially recognize the pa-tients and caregivers who are fighting Alz-heimer’s—a terrible disease that impacts 11 percent of South Carolina’s seniors. As a member of the Congressional Task Force on Alzheimer’s, I am dedicated to work-ing with my colleagues in Congress to support patients and caregivers and to encourage the advancement of treatment. I was grateful to support the Palliative Care and Hospice Education and Training Act, leg-islation that supports families facing Alz-heimer’s. I was also grateful that the House passed the 21st Century Cures Act—legisla-tion that encourages and supports innovations in research and medical treatments. I appreciate the service of advocates from the Alzheimer’s Association-South Carolina Chapter, especially those who serve the Mid-lands and Aiken-Barnwell communities: Pro-gram Director Sheila Lewis, Program Director Elizabeth Brantley, Director of Development Alexis Watts, and Director of Communications and Advocacy Taylor Wilson. In conclusion, God Bless our Troops, and may we never forget September 11th in the Global War on Terrorism. 
f 
IN HONOR OF DR. ROBERT B. TOULOUSE 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and public service of Robert B. Toulouse. Dr. Toulouse, provost emeritus and dean of the Toulouse Graduate School at the University of North Texas in Denton, Texas, devoted his life to the education of oth-ers. Robert Toulouse served his country for 25 years. Beginning in World War II, Dr. Toulouse served five years of active duty in the United States Air Force and twenty years in the U.S. Air Force Reserve. In 1978, he retired at the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. Dr. Toulouse earned three degrees in edu-cation from the University of Missouri, which led him to a robust career in academia. In 1948, Dr. Toulouse began his distinguished career in education as assistant professor in the University of North Texas’ College of Edu-cation. He made a significant impact on cam-pus through his service as dean of the grad-uate school from 1954 to 1982. During this time, the graduate school grew to host more than 100 graduate programs, increasing from just a few hundred graduate students to more than 5,000. After 28 years at the helm of the graduate school, Dr. Toulouse joined the university’s leadership team as provost and vice president for academic affairs in 1982. After he retired as provost emeritus, the University of North Texas named the Robert B. Toulouse School of Graduate Studies in 1990 in honor of his tremendous professional and personal con-tributions to the institution. Dr. Toulouse passed away this year at the age of 98, leaving a rich legacy of service to our community. I would like to offer my sincere sympathy to the Toulouse family on their loss. I am grateful for the service Dr. Robert B. Toulouse rendered to this nation and to the university of which I am a proud alumnus. f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. RICHARD BICE 
HON. ROD BLUM 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Richard Bice of Cedar Rapids, for his services as a local ambassador for the Cedar Rapids Alzheimer’s Association. Earlier this year, Mr. Bice was awarded the Alz-heimer’s Association Advocate of the Year for the Greater Iowa Chapter. Mr. Bice has dedicated himself to service throughout his life: serving in the United States Army, running a successful insurance business in Cedar Rapids, serving as a state president for Multiple Sclerosis and Muscular Dystrophy associations in Iowa, and forming the Cedar Rapids Metro Optimists Club. Mr. Bice was also a dedicated husband to his late wife, Carolyn Bice, who was diagnosed with Alzheimer’s in 2002. Mr. Bice cared for her at home for over 11 years until her death in 2013. Although he misses his wife dearly, Mr. Bice has maintained a positive outlook on life and has continued to better the community around him. Mr. Bice is a tremendous advocate for the Alzheimer’s Association, where he dis-cusses the journey that he and his wife went through after her Alzheimer’s diagnosis. Thanks to the hard work of Richard and count-less others we have hope that new opportuni-ties for a cure will be available for future gen-erations. It is clear that Richard lives by the words of his father, ‘‘whatever you’ve been given, if you give back, it’ll double.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am proud to rise today to recognize Mr. Bice during Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness Month, and thank him for his outstanding contributions to the Eastern Iowa community, to the State of Iowa, and to our country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JN8.002 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE924 June 29, 2017 
RECOGNIZING THE LIBERTY STORE FOR OVER 100 YEARS OF BUSINESS 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor The Liberty Store in Auburn, New York, as this family-owned business celebrates over 100 years serving our community. For over a century, The Liberty Store has provided a large variety of menswear items to Cayuga County. When the Goldman family first opened the doors of its small business in 1915, it advertised shoes, pants, and socks. Over the years, the Goldman family has grown The Liberty Store into a one-stop shop for in-dividuals and businesses alike, including the Auburn Correctional Facility. This small busi-ness has evolved over the past century to meet the needs of its clients and our commu-nity—now serving jails, police, and fire depart-ments in 30 states. The Liberty Store has be-come an integral part of Auburn’s landscape and still provides menswear for Central New Yorkers of all ages. I am proud to recognize The Liberty Store and to congratulate the Goldman family on 102 years in business. This fourth-generation company has become a staple for the Auburn community and I wish The Liberty Store con-tinued success in the years to come. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF PAUL BERLIN 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, I recognize the life of a local icon: longtime Texas and Houston radio legend, Paul Berlin. Spanning nearly seven decades, Paul’s ca-reer in radio began after he won a local ‘‘So You Want to be an Announcer’’ contest at the young age of 17. Although a native of Mem-phis, Tennessee, Paul moved to Houston when he was 19, where he officially began his radio career as a local disc jockey at KNUZ Radio. Paul’s warm personality, jovial manner, and unique radio persona attracted fans from all genres of music, but his love of music went far beyond his radio appearances. As the owner of a string of nightclubs, Paul promoted con-certs and dances hosted by legends such as Chuck Berry, Jerry Lee Lewis, and Nat King Cole, across the Houston area. His passion for music eventually carried him overseas, where Paul toured U.S. military bases across Europe and brought the sounds of home to thousands of our young service members. Over the years, Paul worked with music leg-ends such as Elvis Presley, Johnny Cash, Ray Charles, Mary Tyler Moore, and Sonny & Cher. However, he never stopped playing the music of local Houston singers, and he is credited with starting many songwriters’ ca-reers. Before he retired in 2004, Paul went on to DJ at three other Houston stations. Six years after retiring, his love for music pulled him back into the radio business, and he returned to host a Saturday evening special at KSEV. In 1998, Paul was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, and in 2002, he was inducted into the Texas Radio Hall of Fame. Paul’s storied career earned him many hon-ors, such as the American Women in Radio & TV Media’s Radio Personality of the Year and Marconi Award Nominee for Major Market Per-sonality of the Year. Paul was preceded in death by his precious wife of over sixty years, Nezzie. He is survived by five sons, Brad and his wife Patti, Glenn and his wife Sue, Bruce and his wife Dana, Craig and his wife Jamie, and Donald; nine grandchildren, Evan, Elise, Ross and his wife Melissa, Valerie, Denise and her husband Josh, Austin and his wife Cam, Paul, Carson, and Courtney; three great grandchildren, Samantha, Paige, and Tate; and many nieces and nephews. Paul’s formula for happiness, ‘‘someone to love, something to do, and something to look forward to,’’ rings true today, and his love of music and dedication to his community made Houston a far happier place. On June 23, 2017, Paul passed away at the age of 86, and he will be sorely missed. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF KELBY THORNTON’S BACK TO BACK WINS AT THE NATIONAL SKILLSUSA MASONRY CHAM-PIONSHIP 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kelby Thornton on his back to back championships at the 2016 and 2017 Annual National SkillsUSA Masonry Contest in Louis-ville, Kentucky. A senior at Central Cabarrus High School, Kelby and Coach Todd Hartsell, the masonry teacher at Central Cabarrus, returned to Lou-isville this year to defend Kelby’s title. SkillsUSA is a national organization rep-resented by students, teachers and industry professionals who want to provide educational opportunities. The masonry competition pits high school students from all over the country against each other as they test their practiced trade. North Carolina currently holds more Na-tional Masonry Championships than all other states combined, thanks to strong competitors like Kelby representing our great state. This year’s event brought a host of talent and I am extremely proud of Kelby for his hard work. I am also thankful for the teachers, coaches and volunteers who made the event possible. I look forward to many more years of successful competition and wish Kelby the best of luck as he continues pursuing his dreams. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in recog-nizing Kelby Thornton for his second consecu-tive National Masonry Championship. CELEBRATING INDIA’S FRIENDSHIP HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, over more than 70 years we have developed a strong strategic partnership with India. We have a lot in common when it comes to national security and counterterrorism. But our partnership doesn’t end there. Our trade relations have grown increasingly strong-er over the years. In 2016, our trade with India totaled nearly $115 billion, making India our largest goods trading partner. Over the past year, we’ve also been export-ing more and more LNG to India. 65 percent of Indians are under 35 and the U.S. has more natural gas than we can use. Trade in energy with India just makes sense. It helps both of us and deepens our bilateral ties. Earlier this month, Secretary Perry approved an LNG export application that will send 1.8 billion cubic feet per day to India: Mr. Speaker, the world’s largest democracy and the oldest democracy are natural partners. Our shared values and interests ensure that our strategic partnership of over 70 years will endure. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING MARILYN HOPKINS 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. Marilyn Hopkins upon her retirement as Provost and Chief Operating Officer (COO) of Touro University, California. She is retiring after more than 35 years of ad-ministrative and teaching experience in higher education. Dr. Hopkins has been an active member of the academic and medical commu-nities during her successful career. Dr. Hopkins earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Nursing at California State Univer-sity, Sacramento in 1970. She went on to earn her Master’s and Doctoral degrees in Nursing at the University of California, San Francisco. Prior to her appointment as Provost and Chief Operating Officer in 2009, Dr. Hopkins worked as a registered nurse for nearly 20 years at three different hospitals in California. She was employed as a full professor with tenure at California State University, Sac-ramento from 1974 to 1997, teaching graduate and undergraduate courses on diverse med-ical subjects. Dr. Hopkins then served as the Dean for the College of Health and Human Services at California State University, Sac-ramento. Touro University, California offers accredited graduate programs in several medical fields, and is located in Vallejo, California. As Pro-vost and COO, Dr. Hopkins provided leader-ship in institutional assessment and com-prehensive strategic planning. She created a campus infrastructure to support research, grant-writing and publication opportunities for faculty and students and worked closely with the academic deans to recruit and retain a tal-ented and diverse faculty. Since moving to So-lano County, Dr. Hopkins has been actively 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29JN8.009 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE925 June 29, 2017 
engaged in local and regional community ini-tiatives. She serves on the Board for the Vallejo Education Business Alliance and was recognized by the Solano County Library Foundation during Women’s History Month for her contributions to women and the commu-nity. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Marilyn Hopkins has led a long career in both nursing and academia. She is an active member of our community. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor her here today and extend our best wishes for an enjoyable retirement. 
f 
THE LEGACY OF RON HOWARD 
HON. TED BUDD 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, Ron Howard, of Canton, North Carolina, has passed away. After 31 years of military service, this city, Washington, D.C., was his last battlefield. The jungles of Vietnam were his first. I regret deeply that his final hours were spent pre-paring for battle against the bureaucracy of the country to which he had given so much. Any man who has seen combat and death knows how precious life is. A normal man who serves his country for 31 years takes the rest and ease that he has more than earned. Ron was an extraordinary man, and he used the remainder of his time to build his company, his community, and his country. He gave his time, and he knew its price, but it was a price he paid gladly. We are all the better for it. His legacy lies in his beautiful family, his company, and in the magnificent airplane that he brought into existence. When a Hellfire missile leaves one of the rails on the Arch-angel and its rocket motor comes to life, ham-mering down pain and misery on ISIS terror-ists, that too is Ron’s legacy. His was a truly great American life, and an inspiration to those who knew him. He will not be forgotten, not by me, not by anyone who knew him. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOHN MILLS CARTER, SR. 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Mr. John Mills Carter, Sr., a beloved member of the Fort Worth community who passed away on June 23, 2017. Mr. Carter was born in 1936 in Shreveport, Louisiana. A graduate of Booker T. Wash-ington High School and Spaudlings Business College, Mr. Carter distinguished himself in the food service industry throughout his cele-brated career. As a child, he would help his father service the commissary at the plantation where he worked. This established his passion for food service. After college, Mr. Carter opened a small nightclub and cafe in Lou-isiana before moving to Texas in 1961 in search of better opportunities for him and his family. After moving to Texas, Mr. Carter managed several restaurants in the Dallas-Fort Worth area before opening his own restaurant in Fort Worth in 1992. His restaurant, ‘‘John Carter’s Place Restaurant’’ served award winning home style soul food and was known for its quality service. Mr. Carter was especially proud of the restaurant’s People’s Choice Award and its being named ‘‘Best of Tarrant [County]’’ for several years. Before passing it down to his family as his health declined, Mr. Carter also established and grew catering op-erations for the restaurant. Along with his successes in the restaurant business, Mr. Carter was also very involved in his community. Throughout his life, he was committed to supporting local charities, schools, and religious organizations as well as helping new restauranteurs get started. Mr. Carter was recognized as a KKDA Coca-Cola African-American Hero, Quest for Success Honoree, Dr. Marion J. Brooks ‘‘Living Leg-end’’, East Fort Worth Business Association Award Winner, Phi Beta Sigma Business Award recipient, and Tarrant County Youth Advocacy Award recipient, along with many other accolades and recognitions. As a faithful member of the Greater Mt. Tabor Christian Center for more than 45 years, Mr. Carter served as a Deacon, a member of the Executive Leadership Council, a Sunday school teacher, a choir member, and a Food Service Ministry volunteer. Mr. Carter was married to his wife, Louella, for 55 years until her passing on Christmas Day of last year. He is survived by his three children, Robert, Denise, and John Jr., along with several grandchildren and great-grand-children. I honor Mr. John Mills Carter, Sr.’s positive impact on the Fort Worth community. f 
HONORING THE PUBLIC SERVICE OF PHIL WALTON 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Phil Walton, who is retiring from public service after a remarkable 42 year ca-reer with the Social Security Administration. Mr. Walton exemplifies the sterling qualities of a public servant who upholds the highest standards of federal service: one of a loyal and enlightened corps of highly trained, honor-able civil servants. The administrative capabili-ties of individuals like Mr. Walton hold this Re-public together. Phil Walton began his career with the Social Security Administration in Rock Island, Illinois, where he started as a claims representative. He soon began rising through the ranks as a field representative, operations supervisor, op-erations officer, area administrative assistant, executive assistant and district manager. He was first named District Manager in Chil-licothe, Ohio, moving to Toledo, Ohio in 1993 where he has ably guided the Toledo agency since. In addition to his leadership of the Toledo Social Security Office, Phil has been an active community leader since his arrival to the To-ledo area. He served as a Cubmaster, Den Leader and Area Commissioner for the Boy Scouts of America. He has been a member of the Friends of Wood County CASA, currently serving as Board Chair. He has also served on the Advisory Board of the Toledo Legal Aid Society. As a member of the National Council of So-cial Security Management Associations, Phil was awarded the Public Service Award in 2009 ‘‘in recognition of his years of volunteer work.’’ Erin Thompson, public affairs specialist for the Toledo Social Security Office, stated, ‘‘We would like to take the time to thank Phil Walton for his 42 years of service with Social Security, where he started as a Claims Rep-resentative in 1975 in Rock Island, Illinois and completes his career as a District Manager of Toledo downtown, where he has been since 1993. In addition to leading the Toledo office, he has been on numerous boards, most nota-ble as the Chairperson for the Area Office on Aging 2009 to the present. In addition to his service for seniors, he has also served as Board President for the Friends of Wood County CASA from 2007 to present.’’ Phil has given of his time and talents to the Area Office on Aging of Northwest Ohio Board of Directors, serving in various capacities since 1993 and as Board President since 2009. Billie Johnson, President and CEO of the agency, notes ‘‘Phil Walton has been a dedicated Board member of the Area Office on Aging of Northwestern Ohio, Inc. for more than twenty years. His leadership, compassion and wisdom helped the agency grow and de-velop many vital services for older adults, caregivers and disabled persons living in northwest Ohio. Phil helped the agency navi-gate through several monumental funding challenges. He has given his time, personal resources and energy to so many people and various communities in northwest Ohio. We are extremely grateful for his commitment, dedication and leadership. Phil is the current Board Chairman for the Area Office on Aging.’’ American labor leader Walter Reuther said, ‘‘There is no greater calling than to serve your fellow men. There is no greater contribution than to help the weak. There is no greater sat-isfaction than to have done it well.’’ Phil Wal-ton’s life and career have been given over to serving his fellow citizens, to helping the weakest among us—those who are elderly, those who are disabled, children. He has done it very well. His legacy is in the lives which were made better for his efforts, in those with whom he worked to ensure a top-notch federal government agency and services, in the orga-nizations which have benefitted from his in-vestment and leadership, and a community richer for his contributions. On this day as Phil turns the page from career to retirement, we offer a most heartfelt ‘‘thank you’’ for his ex-traordinary commitment to our nation and its people. As he ends his public life and looks toward retirement, he has fulfilled Mohammad Ali’s call that ‘‘Service to others is the payment you make for your space here on earth.’’ 
f 
THE BENTON WAVE 
HON. J. FRENCH HILL 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recog-nize the recent selfless actions of two extraor-dinary individuals in my district: Mr. Robin Creel and Mr. Danny Revis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JN8.007 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE926 June 29, 2017 
Both men work tirelessly for the Benton school district transportation program. Last month, about 40 students from Shelby County in Memphis piled onto a bus and began their journey toward the popular Magic Springs amusement park in Hot Springs, Ar-kansas. Unfortunately, as they traveled down I–30, their bus broke down. Through the Arkansas State Police, word got to Mr. Revis that an entire busload of chil-dren was stranded. After discussion with officials of the Ten-nessee school district from which the students hailed, Mr. Creel volunteered to use a Benton school bus to quickly transport the Memphis students to Magic Springs, where, after a full day of enjoyment, a Shelby County bus would pick them up. Along with its well-known Benton Wave, a gesture of genuine friendliness noticeable throughout the city, Mr. Revis and Mr. Creel’s commendable actions contribute to Benton’s long-standing aura of friendship and compas-sion. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 40TH ANNIVERSARY OF PONY BIRD 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, chil-dren and adults who are mentally and phys-ically disabled have a great friend in an orga-nization called Pony Bird, Incorporated located in Jefferson County, Missouri. Named after a children’s book about a young boy and his magical flying pony, Pony Bird is celebrating its 40th anniversary. It began in 1977 in one home devoted to caring for 10 severely disabled children. Today, Pony Bird provides 24-hour care in six residential homes for up to 60 individuals unable to walk or meet their daily living needs. The facilities in Mapaville and De Soto allow residents to receive a maximum level of per-sonalized care. They lead happy lives through socialization, participation, work and the op-portunity to volunteer as members of their community. Pony Bird has been recognized many times by the State of Missouri Department of Mental Health for its outstanding level of care. It is my great privilege to celebrate their 40 years of caring for our most vulnerable citizens today before the United States House of Represent-atives. 
f 
HONORING LET MON LEE ON HIS DISTINGUISHED CAREER 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge Mr. Let Mon Lee, upon his retire-ment from his position as Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works and over three decades of public service. Mr. Lee assumed his most recent position in the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in 2009. In his role as Deputy Assistant Secretary, Mr. Lee has been responsible for the executive di-rection of Army Civil Works projects involving flood risk management, storm damage preven-tion, navigation, and environmental restoration. Prior to this, Mr. Lee served at the Army Corps Headquarters for almost 20 years. His work with Army Corps were separated by a five-year stretch on the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. I have had the pleasure of working with Mr. Lee on our shared efforts to improve the level of flood protection for Sacramento, in my dis-trict. Sacramento is defined by its two great rivers, the American and the Sacramento, which makes it the most at-risk major Amer-ican city for flooding. Mr. Lee has been a great champion for Sacramento’s flood control projects, and together we have been able to better protect the lives and livelihoods of my constituents. Mr. Lee has been wonderful to work with on both a professional and personal level. I wish him many years of happiness in retirement with his wife and grandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to join me in thanking Mr. Lee for his service. f 
12 CARRIER ACT 
HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to announce that my bill, the 12 Carrier Act, was included in last night’s NDAA markup. This legislation will play a critical role in re-building our nation’s military. With ongoing perils around the world, in-cluding increasing violence by ISIS and per-sistent threats by North Korea, it is vital to our nation’s security that our Navy is fully equipped with the resources and capabilities to respond to these threats. By including my bill in the Committee’s mark, we will be in-creasing the statutory limit for carriers from eleven to twelve. In doing so, this measure will empower the Navy with the tools they des-perately need to meet Combatant Commander requirements, deter conflict, prolong the lives of our fleet, and send a message to potential adversaries that we will not allow our decisive advantage in worldwide maritime force projec-tion to erode. Since the end of the Cold War, aircraft car-rier requirements have increased while the air-craft carrier force structure has declined. The Navy has stated that the current forces cannot support global requirements. For years, this strain has caused our fleet to operate at max-imum capacity, limiting aircraft carrier at-sea training, increasing deployment lengths and decreased time available for maintenance. To express the shortcomings of our carrier fleet, Navy Rear Admiral Thomas Moore has stated ‘‘We’re an 11-carrier Navy in a 15-carrier world’’. President Trump also recently stressed the necessity of adding a twelfth carrier to our fleet. Maintaining the required operational tempo with 12 carriers relieves significant stress both in terms of manpower, as well as keeping the proper maintenance cycles of the carriers themselves. When the carrier fleet is at full strength of 12, regional combatant com-manders will be able to rely on the imposing presence of U.S. forces and will be able to re-spond to threats in a more expedited manner. I am encouraged that my fellow members of the Armed Services Committee agree with my concerns about the shrinking size and capa-bilities of the United States Navy, and acted in a bipartisan fashion to include my ‘‘12 Carrier Act’’ into the markup. I thank Chairman THORNBERRY and Subcommittee Chairman W
ITTMAN for their support on this measure, and I look forward to seeing this measure passed by the House as part of the FY18 Na-tional Defense Authorization Act. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DAWN WRIGHT 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Dawn Wright on the occasion of her retirement from the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration (FAA) after 36 years of honorable service. Born to Robert and Nancy Warren, Dawn is the oldest of four children. Robert, a Marine officer for much of his life, served in multiple locations across the U.S. This gave Dawn and her siblings the opportunity to grow up in Cali-fornia, Virginia, North Carolina, and Hawaii. Growing up in a military family, Dawn joined the United States Navy in July 1974 with the goal of becoming an air traffic controller. She quickly became a ground-controlled approach (GCA) controller at Naval Air Station Kingsville before transferring to Rota, Spain where she gained experience working in a control tower alongside Spanish controllers. After leaving the Navy in 1979, Dawn was hired to work for the FAA in August 1981. Her first assignment was Bridgeport Tower in Stratford, Connecticut where she became a full-fledged air traffic controller for the FAA. There, she received a number of ‘on the spot’ awards and recognition for her outstanding work. In 1986, Dawn moved to Massachusetts and worked at both Cape Terminal Radar Ap-proach Control (TRACON) and Hyannis Air Traffic Control (ATCT), quickly climbing the ranks to a supervisory role by 1991. In 1994 Dawn decided to become an automations spe-cialist where she learned computer program-ming, software, networking and operating sys-tems. It was during this time that she received recognition for building a computer for Cape TRACON out of scrapped, non-working com-puters. She has since become a staff spe-cialist and her responsibilities have included air traffic controller testing on Nantucket, teaching the Automated Radar Terminal Sys-tems (ARTS) course to new air traffic control-lers, ensuring quality assurance at the facility, and evaluations for multiple facilities including Boston ATCT and Providence ATCT. Outside of work, Dawn is an accomplished rower, having been part of a crew team from 2001 to 2012 as a Masters rower. In her spare time she is an avid amateur ballroom dancer, rides motorcycles and pursues recording her family’s genealogy. While her childhood was not spent in Massachusetts, she has since learned that she has historic ties to the Com-monwealth. She is a descendent of Thomas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JN8.011 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE927 June 29, 2017 
Mayhew, the first governor of Martha’s Vine-yard, and John Swain, one of the original pro-prietors of Nantucket Island. Dawn will be celebrating her retirement on June 30th and will be dearly missed by all at Cape TRACON. With her retirement she plans to spend more time with her family, including her boyfriend, her parents, and her son Brian and his family. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Dawn Wright for her many years of steadfast service to public safety, the aviation industry, and our country. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing her a happy retirement and many more years of health and happiness. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CHRIS COLLINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I missed one vote on June 28, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 332. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 30TH ANNIVER-SARY OF TACO PALENQUE 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 30th Anniversary of Taco Palenque. Taco Palenque opened on July 1st, 1987, with the purpose of serving delicious and au-thentic Mexican cuisine. Over its thirty years of existence, it has served some of the best food in all of South Texas. Founded by Mr. Juan Francisco ‘‘Pancho’’’ Ochoa in Laredo, TX, Taco Palenque has seen much success. With over 1,500 employees and 21 locations across Texas, including in San Antonio, Laredo, McAllen, and Mission, Taco Palenque has shown to be a top-quality restaurant chain. Offering everything from traditional tacos to homemade menudo, Taco Palenque never fails to provide excellent cuisine to Texans. The hard work and effort that is shown through Taco Palenque’s cuisine speaks to the dedication of Mr. Ochoa, who always made sure to never serve any food that he does not personally like. This mindset has brought him many honors including The Chamber of Commerce’s Laredo Businessman of the Year award. He has also been honored by the Texas legislature for his work and con-tributions to the restaurant industry. His restaurants have also been recognized for their outstanding customer service which came through Mr. Ochoa’s dedication to cus-tomer satisfaction. For Mr. Ochoa, no task is too small to preserve the famous taste of his restaurants. Regardless of the cost, customer satisfaction takes priority. This is one of the many reasons for Taco Palenque’s ongoing success. Taco Palenque is not just a thriving busi-ness but a family owned operation. From the outset, this organization would not have been possible without the help and expertise of Pancho’s family members. Mr. Ochoa’s wife, Flerida, was instrumental in helping to create some of Taco Palenque’s most famous rec-ipes. She worked tirelessly with Mr. Ochoa to perfect everything that is served. As the busi-ness expanded, his children took on several important roles in the business, including Gen-eral Director of the company and manager of several different restaurants. I would also like to note that Taco Palenque has supporters here in our nation’s Capital. Over the last several years, my office has hosted ‘‘Laredo Day’’, a widely attended and bi-partisan reception that features the culture and cuisine of Laredo, TX. At this event we serve Taco Palenque which is often noted by our guests to be some of the best food that they have ever had. These guests include members of Congress, ambassadors, and cabinet officials. The food is so popular my of-fice oftentimes has to limit the number of guests to the reception. Taco Palenque does not limit itself to merely serving good food. Throughout Taco Palenque’s existence, the restaurant has partnered with advocates and organizations that promote the well-being of the local com-munity. As a sponsor of multiple youth sports teams and organizations, such as Mercy Min-istries of Laredo, the Boys and Girls Club of Laredo, and the American Cancer Society Relay for Life, community is clearly important to this establishment. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize the accomplishments of Taco Palenque, my dear friend Pancho Ochoa, and all his staff. 
f 
HONORING JUDGE EDWARD PHILMAN 
HON. NEAL P. DUNN 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the legacy of Hearing Officer and Former Gilchrist County Court Judge Edward Philman, who passed away on May 17th. Judge Philman was a pillar of the commu-nity and served the citizens of Gilchrist County as their County Court Judge for 24 years be-fore his retirement in 2012. He then went on to work as a Senior Judge and as a Civil Traf-fic Hearing Officer for the Eighth Judicial Cir-cuit of Florida. His achievements were many during his life-time. He served his country in the U.S. Army infantry and was a combat veteran in Vietnam. He was named the Gilchrist County Citizen of the Year in 1989. Judge Philman was an in-volved member of the Trenton Rotary Club and served as district governor from 2012 to 2013. Judge Philman also instituted the Fifth- Grade Mock Trials in Gilchrist County. Since it began, the Mock Trials have taught hundreds of local students how the judicial system actu-ally works. Judge Philman earned his Juris Doctor from Mercer University in 1981 with honors and his Bachelor of Arts from the University of Florida in 1978. He also attended Lake City Commu-nity College and Lake City Forest Ranger School, after graduating Bell High School. He has been quoted saying, ‘‘Let my life and the work I have done speak for me.’’ Mr. Speaker, Judge Philman’s life and work have truly spoken to the character of the ex-traordinary man we lost last month. Please join me in honoring a man who dedicated his life to the letter of the law, the late Judge Ed-ward Philman. f 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE COST ESTIMATE 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, in accordance with House Report 115–193, I include in the R
ECORD the following Congressional Budget Cost Estimate for H.R. 1684. 
U.S. C ONGRESS , C
ONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, June 27, 2017. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for H.R. 1684, the Disaster Assist-ance Support for Communities and Home-owners Act of 2017. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Robert Reese. Sincerely, M
ARKP. H ADLEY  (For Keith Hall, Director). Enclosure. H.R. 1684—D
ISASTER ASSISTANCE SUPPORT  
FORCOMMUNITIES AND HOMEOWNERS ACT OF  2017 As passed by the House of Representatives on June 26, 2017 H.R. 1684 would require the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency (FEMA) to pro-vide technical assistance to community, homeowner, and similar associations. FEMA would be required to help such associations take actions after a disaster that would make them eligible to receive reimburse-ment from entities that receive FEMA grants. This legislation also would require FEMA to submit a report to the Congress on expanding the areas of condominiums and housing cooperatives that are eligible for federal disaster relief. Based on information provided by FEMA, about the cost to collect information nec-essary to complete the report, CBO esti-mates that implementing H.R. 1684 would cost $1 million in 2018; such spending would be subject to the availability of appropriated funds. Enacting H.R. 1684 would not affect direct spending or revenues; therefore, pay-as-you- go procedures do not apply. CBO estimates that enacting H.R. 1684 would not increase net direct spending or on-budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2028. H.R. 1684 contains no intergovernmental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act and would impose no costs on state, local, or tribal gov-ernments. The CBO staff contacts for this estimate are Meghan Shewsbury and Robert Reese. The estimate was approved by Theresa Gullo, Assistant Director for Budget Anal-ysis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN8.015 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE928 June 29, 2017 
INTRODUCTION OF THE FOOD DESERTS ACT 
HON. ANDRE´CARSON 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, in June of 2017, Marsh Supermarkets grocery stores announced the closure of many stores throughout the Midwest. Many of these stores were located in my district where already many families lack a car or reliable public transportation to get to the nearest alternative, often located over a mile away. Today, thou-sands of my constituents are struggling to find the food they need, with many forced to rely on fast food restaurants and convenience stores. These options are neither healthy nor affordable. Sadly, this situation is not unique. Over 29 million people, almost 10 percent of the U.S. population, live without ready access to afford-able, nutritious food and over 2 million people have no transportation to get to their nearest store. Many have seen their local stores close their doors during the recent economic down-turn. Others lost access years ago and are now facing the serious long-term impacts of obesity, diabetes, malnutrition and other diet related ailments. Unfortunately, residents in these low-income areas tend to spend less on groceries, leaving little financial incentive for traditional grocery chains to make costly in-vestments for new locations. In the wealthiest country on Earth, nutritious food should be an expectation, not a luxury. That is why I am introducing the Food Deserts Act, which creates new avenues to fund stores in underserved communities. This bill will cre-ate USDA funded, state operated revolving funds that will issue low interest loans for the operation of grocery stores in food deserts. The bill ensures that recipients of these loans, including for-profit, non-profit and municipal entities, will provide affordable, healthy food, including fresh produce and staples like milk, bread and meat. It will also ensure that USDA professionals are available to provide technical assistance to recipients who need it. Access to healthy food is something that most of us take for granted. But despite our own experiences, we need to remember that millions of our constituents are struggling every day to feed their families. With this mar-ket driven approach, I hope to complement ex-isting federal programs and efforts around the country by ensuring a stable lending stream for struggling grocery stores and sustainable access to food for communities in need. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CANADA’S SESQUI-CENTENNIAL ANNIVERSARY OF CONFEDERATION 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize one of United States’ closest al-lies and neighbor, the nation of Canada, on its sesquicentennial anniversary of confederation. Minnesota shares a special bond with our neighbor to the north through many deep cul-tural, economic, and enviromnental ties. As Minnesota’s largest trading partner, Canada helps generate $20 billion of economic activity, a clear indicator of its importance to our state. However, perhaps even more meaningful are connections we share to our precious cultural and natural heritage. The Great Lakes and the pristine natural beauty of the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness not only form Min-nesota’s northern border with Canada, but they also help define our collective identities, drawing visitors from both near and abroad who come to explore and marvel over the world’s largest reserve of fresh water, and ac-cessible and beautiful wilderness. It is be-cause of the natural wonders that we both share, that Minnesota and Canada also share a commitment to action in addressing climate change and protecting our natural resources for future generations. Minnesotans and Canadians are also deeply connected on a cultural leveL Long before Eu-ropeans arrived, Indigenous Americans and First Nations created thriving communities and lived off of the abundance of the vast forests, plains, lakes and rivers. Europeans who later settled these lands chose names derived from indigenous languages. Minnesota came from two Dakota words; Mni meaning ‘‘water’’ and Sota meaning ‘‘sky-tinted,’’ while Canada is derived from the Iroquois-Huron word Kanata meaning ‘‘village’’ or ‘‘settlement.’’ Later on, threads of early French influence were inter-woven into each of our historical tapestries. This can easily be seen in the names of streets in the Twin Cities of Saint Paul and Minneapolis, and in our state motto ‘‘L’Etoile du Nord’’, ‘‘The Star of the North’’. Minnesota and Canada share so much culturally, that Ca-nadians will often jokingly refer to Minnesota as the 11th province. Minnesotans and Canadians continue to share a strong affinity to the land and out-doors pursuits, including, hiking, boating, hunt-ing and fishing. Perhaps nothing defines our bond more clearly today than a love of hock-ey. Minnesota is proudly known as ‘‘the State of Hockey’ and Canadians of all stripes simi-larly display unparalleled energy and passion for the sport. As we join the nation of Canada in cele-brating 150 years since its confederation, let us remember the unwavering friendship and security alliance between not only our two countries, but also between the people of Canada and Minnesota. Rarely is it that two peoples, separated by national borders, hold the other in such high esteem as the people of Minnesota and Canada do for one another. As Canada embarks on another 150 years, let us continue to foster a relationship that is truly unique amongst the nations of the world. On behalf of the residents of Minnesota’s Fourth Congressional District, it is my honor to wish Canada a happy 150th birthday. f 
TRIBUTE TO ROBERT P. EVERLY 
HON. KEN CALVERT 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to an individual whose dedication and contribution to our national se-curity has been exceptional. After eight years of active duty service in the U.S. Navy and decades of work dedicated to the development and assessment of U.S. Navy weapons deliv-ery platforms as a civilian, Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Everly is retiring on June 30, 2017. Between his active duty service and civilian work directly supporting the Naval Surface Warfare Center, Corona Division, Mr. Everly spent nearly fifty years supporting the U.S. Navy. That civilian employment includes thirty- three years managing projects and programs supporting weapons and combat systems per-formance assessment, Fleet exercise assess-ments, metrology systems engineering, RM&A assessment, range systems engineering, tele-communications engineering, information sys-tems engineering, software development, In-formation Assurance/Accreditation, and classi-fied network operations. Mr. Everly has also dedicated a tremendous amount of time as an essential member of various community-based organizations. That includes his service as an Executive Board Member and Co-Chair of the Science and Technology Education Program (STEP). As the Honorary Chairman of STEP, I have been incredibly fortunate to work closely with Mr. Everly to develop a successful program that sparks students interest in math, science and engineering. Mr. Everly also served as Chair-man of the Board, President and Vice-Presi-dent of the Measurement Science Conference, as a member of the Corona and Riverside Chambers of Commerce, and participated as a member of state and local Naval Surface Warfare Center Corona Retention Committees during the Base Realignment and Closer (BRAC) process. Mr. Everly has contributed immensely to the betterment of our region and military and I am proud to call him a fellow community member, American and my friend. To conclude, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. Everly for his service to our country and the Inland Empire— his dedication, insight and passion will be greatly missed. f 
IN HONOR OF JAMES MARTIN KIDWELL 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Leesburg Virginia’s longest serving Police Chief, James Martin Kidwell, who passed away on June 19, 2017, at the age of seventy-seven. A lifelong resident of Leesburg, Chief Kidwell was renowned for his public service and longstanding community in-volvement, as he dedicated his career to pro-tecting the people of his hometown. Through-out his life, he was a revered leader in the Leesburg community who brought honor and integrity to his profession and will be remem-bered as one of the town’s finest and most de-voted policemen. Chief Kidwell was born and reared in Lees-burg and graduated from Loudoun County High School. After graduation, Chief Kidwell initially intended to follow in the footsteps of his uncle and work as a plumber. However, only after a few days in this occupation, when he came across a nest of snakes, Chief Kidwell realized that he wanted to pursue a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JN8.020 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE929 June 29, 2017 
different line of work. Then in 1961, at the age of twenty, he became a police officer in Lees-burg, marking the commencement of his thirty- four year career with Leesburg’s Police De-partment. In 1972, he assumed the position of Chief of the Leesburg Police Department and held that post until his retirement in 1995. Mr. Kidwell’s remarkable career spanned multiple decades, and as Chief, he oversaw Leesburg’s Police Department during a period of unprecedented development in the town. As the town expanded and confronted new com-plex challenges, Chief Kidwell ensured that the police department was equipped to handle the city’s massive population surge and trans-formed the department from a meager force of only four police officers, one patrol car, and no radio system into a modem police department. During his tenure, the department burgeoned into a thirty-five person force that was able to effectively combat the increasingly serious crimes stemming from Leesburg’s rapid growth. But despite the town’s enlargement, Chief Kidwell always remained engaged with Leesburg’s residents and maintained a small- town approach to law enforcement. After retirement, Chief Kidwell spent much of his time playing golf, watching sports, espe-cially his beloved Washington Redskins, and caring for his grandchildren. He is survived by his wife, Dorothy Knox Kidwell, his daughters, Kelly Bradley, Kerri Spinks, and Kristi Kidwell, his sisters Catherine Howard and Page Kidwell, his brother Bradley Kidwell, seven grandchildren, three great-grandchildren, and many nieces and nephews. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me and countless others as we recognize the innumer-able contributions of Chief Kidwell. Chief Kidwell’s steadfast commitment and selfless dedication to keeping the residents of Lees-burg safe will be greatly missed, and the serv-ices he provided to the Town of Leesburg and Virginia’s Tenth Congressional District will never be forgotten. He was an exemplary offi-cer and the true embodiment of a public serv-ant, and today we honor him for his legacy of a lifetime of service. 
f 
IN HONOR OF NEW CITIZENS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate the individuals who will take their oath of citizenship on July 4, 2017. In true patriotic fashion, on the day of our great Nation’s celebration of independence, a naturalization ceremony will take place, wel-coming new citizens of the United States of America. This memorable occasion, coordi-nated by the League of Women Voters of the Calumet Area and presided over by Magistrate Judge Andrew Radovich, will be held at The Pavilion at Wolf Lake in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. The oath ceremony is a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On July 4, 2017, the following people, rep-resenting many nations throughout the world, will take their oaths of citizenship in Ham-mond, Indiana: Adriana Solis, Dhanwant Singh, Syneth Lorana Gardner, Roberto Diaz, Virginia Reformina Wilson, Khalid Javed, Maria Wiederhold, Glendie Mallen, Liljana Stojceska, Oliver Cadikovski, Gagandeep Khatra, Hernan Ezequiel Barenboim, Jose Lauro Sanchez Ruvalcaba, Sambath Cheakhun, Mariel Claudia Lopez, Sabine Marie Helene Shive, Maria del Rayo Tirado, Mary Madhulatha Vennamalla, Ding Lin, Aurelia Ruiz, Alanoud Hashem Mahmoud Alshurafa, Yan Zhu, Guadalupe Juan Ramirez, Aleksandra Gardijan, Nevenka Nanic, Brenda Beatriz Medina, Maria de los Angeles Garduno Hernandez, Woo Young Yang, Lucy Amparo Perdomo Lopez, Marjan Risteski, J. Guadalupe Gama Macias, Delroy Anthony Roomes, Sonali Shukla, Erlinda Treyes Alva-rez, Ma Dolores Serrano del Real, Gelma Ordaniza Hogue, Damaris Mituki Kariuki, Ravi Nigam, Jayesh Shantilal, Minnie Marchan Damico, Teresa Bautista Alcala, Mico Mileusnic, Mathy Bukassa McKinney, Israel Jacinto-Contreras, Norielyn Langres Heitzmann, Genevieve Blayee, Manuel Angel Corazzari, Martin Gonzalez, Hannan Hassan Sheikh, and Emilio Soria. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in congratulating these individuals, who will be-come citizens of the United States of America on July 4, 2017, the anniversary of our Na-tion’s independence. They, too, are American citizens, and they, too, are guaranteed the in-alienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. 
f 
2016 LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD 
HON. PAUL MITCHELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Kelmendi, a member of the Al-banian-American Community of Michigan. In 2002, Professor John P. Kelmendi was elevated to Knighthood by his Majesty King Leka I of Albania. This honor represents his leadership and courage in bringing freedom, liberty, and democracy to citizens of Albania. Dedicating his life to service, Dr. Kelmendi was also presented with the Mother Theresa Humanitarian Award by the President of Alba-nia and now resides in Michigan. Dr. Kelmendi’s efforts continue to influence the lives of high school students as an educa-tor and scholar in Michigan. On March 31, 2017, the Albanian-American Community of the USA awarded Dr. Kelmendi the 2016 Life-time Achievement Award. His contribution to education and culture in America has been ex-traordinary. I join the Albanian-American Community of Michigan, in Shelby Township, in congratu-lating and thanking Dr. John P. Kelmendi for his service. f 
HONORING STARK COUNTY COURTHOUSE’S BICENTENNIAL 
HON. BOB GIBBS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to recognize the Stark County Courthouse, which celebrates its bicentennial this year. The halls of the Stark County Courthouse have a significant place in American history— recounting the area’s evolution into a promi-nent community in Northeast Ohio. President William McKinley argued cases before the court as Stark County Prosecutor, and citizens would travel to the courthouse to hear news and updates from the battlefield during the Civil War. The current courthouse is the third con-structed on the grounds in Stark County, sculpted from brick, sandstone, and marble. The building itself is an illustration of justice, with the clock tower adorned with four Trum-peters of Justice symbolizing the Courthouse occupants’ devotion to truth and integrity. The triangular sandstone pediment on the front of the Courthouse demonstrates figures of com-merce, justice, agriculture, and industry pro-duced in Stark County. The Stark County Courthouse is a treasure of Northeast Ohio, and I am proud to join in celebration of its place in our history. 
f 
HONORING OBERLIN COLLEGE PRESIDENT MARVIN KRISLOV 
HON. JIM JORDAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to commend to the House the many contributions of Dr. Marvin Krislov. Dr. Krislov is departing the presidency of Oberlin College and Con-servatory tomorrow after ten years of distin-guished service in that office. A Rhodes Scholar and a graduate of Yale Law School, Dr. Krislov initially pursued a ca-reer in law, clerking for the United States Dis-trict Court for the Northern District of California in San Francisco. He then spent three years working at the White House Counsel’s Office and then in various senior roles at the Depart-ment of Labor. Dr. Krislov came to Oberlin College in 2007 after nine years as Vice President and Gen-eral Counsel at the University of Michigan. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JN8.023 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE930 June 29, 2017 
Over the last decade, the Oberlin community has benefited greatly from his outstanding management skills and willingness to engage with students, who hold him in the highest re-gard. Hundreds took advantage of his stand-ing offer to meet personally with any grad-uating senior seeking career advice. To fulfill his desire to make the college more inclusive and accessible to students from every economic background, Dr. Krislov cre-ated the Oberlin Access Initiative. This initia-tive helped alleviate the loan burden of many lower-income students. Dr. Krislov has been hailed for his fund-raising efforts—especially his leadership of the most successful comprehensive campaign in Oberlin’s history, which came in well ahead of its goal and ahead of schedule. This campaign has allowed for significant campus expansions and renovations. Mr. Speaker, Dr. Krislov will soon assume the presidency of Pace University in New York. On behalf of the people of Ohio’s Fourth Congressional District, I offer him my thanks for his long and distinguished career at Oberlin. His legacy of innovative and earnest leadership will benefit Oberlin College for years to come. I wish him and his family every success as they move to this new chapter in their lives. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. JOHN EDWARD HASSE 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer congratulations to Dr. John Edward Hasse on his retirement as Curator of Music at the National Museum of American History, a position he has served in since 1984. Dr. Hasse is a recognized leader in the field of jazz scholarship and education, distin-guishing himself through publications, pro-gramming, lectures, and public service. Most notably, Dr. Hasse conceived and founded Jazz Appreciation Month, which was endorsed by the U.S. Congress in 2003. Today, Jazz Appreciation Month is celebrated each April in all 50 states and in over forty other countries. Dr. Hasse also worked with me to found the Smithsonian Jazz Masterworks Orchestra, the jazz-ensemble-in-residence at the National Museum of American History, now in its 26th year of domestic concerts and international tours for the U.S. State Department. In addition to his work at the Smithsonian, Dr. Hasse is an accomplished writer, contrib-uting chapters to a number of books and arti-cles in The Washington Post, The Wall Street Journal, eight academic journals, and eight encyclopedias. He has lectured on music, the arts, and leadership in 20 countries on six continents, advancing cultural diplomacy, often on behalf of the U.S. State Department. He has served on a number of boards, including the federal New Orleans Jazz Commission, the board of the International Association for Jazz Education, and as a founding member of the Jazz Educators Network. He has been a consultant with the U.S. Postal Service, the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences, and UNESCO. Dr. Hasse earned a B.A. cum laude from Carleton College, M.A. and Ph.D. degrees from Indiana University, and a Certificate in Business Administration from The Wharton School. His honors include appointment as Herb Alpert Scholar-in-Residence at the Berklee College of Music, two ASCAP-Deems Taylor Awards for excellence in writing about music, two Grammy Award nominations, and two honorary doctorates. Mr. Speaker, I offer my sincerest thanks to John for many years of friendship, and I know I speak for the entire Smithsonian Institute when I say Dr. Hasse will be sorely missed in his current capacity at the Smithsonian. How-ever, if there is one thing I know about John, it is that he will never be far from the musical community he has fostered for the past few decades. We cannot thank him enough for the many years of service he has offered, and we look forward to seeing what the next stage of life holds for him. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF FLORENTINO ‘‘TINO’’ DURAN 
HON. JOAQUIN CASTRO 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor the life and leg-acy of Florentino ‘‘Tino’’ Duran, a publisher, veteran, and philanthropist who worked tire-lessly to help San Antonians. Born in San Antonio, Texas in 1934, Tino graduated from Lanier High School and went on to serve in the U.S. Air Force. He attended San Antonio College where he first flexed his journalism muscle while working on tbe school paper, The Ranger. After earning his bach-elor’s degree in political science, Tino contin-ued his education and completed a master’s degree in public administration at St. Mary’s University. Tino later became general manager of Dal-las newspaper El Sol de Tejas and then served as president and CEO of Fort Worth’s El Infomador Hispano. But his crowning pro-fessional achievement was his tenure as pub-lisher of La Prensa De San Antonio, the first bilingual publication in Texas. According to his family, Tino strove to inform, educate, and in-spire San Antonians, particularly the Hispanic community. A compassionate, generous man who un-derstood the power of education, Tino estab-lished. the La Prensa Foundation in 1995 with his wife Amelia ‘‘Millie’’ Duran to award col-lege scholarships to local students. Since its creation, the La Prensa Foundation has pro-vided more than 200 students with over $2 million of financial assistance to attend institu-tions throughout Texas. Tino is survived by his beloved wife of 62 years, Millie; his three sons Tino Jr., David, and Steve, and their wives Susan, Norma and Virginia; his daughters Nina and Margie, and Margie’s husband Kenneth; 13 grandchildren; and 18 great-grandchildren. I offer my condolences to Tino’s family and share the gratitude so many San Antonians have for Tino’s tremendous service to our community. IN APPRECIATION OF BRUCE NEWCOMB’S SERVICE TO IDAHO HON. MICHAEL K. SIMPSON 
OF IDAHO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, Mark Twain once said, ‘‘Few things are harder to put up with than a good example.’’ I can tell you there is no finer example of a greater man than my dear friend, Bruce Newcomb. I have had the distinct pleasure and opportunity to be part of Bruce’s life for over 30 years and in that time I have known him in several capac-ities, an Idaho rancher, a state legislator, a majority leader, and the Speaker of the Idaho House. I have seen him as a husband; father, grandfather, uncle and brother. But, the role I know him best as, is friend, and not just to me, but to all he meets. My friend is retiring for the second time. He retired from the Idaho State Legislature in 2006 where he served for 20 years, the last eight serving as Speaker of the Idaho House—making him the longest-serving speaker in state history. Bruce is the type of leader that defines America, a leader who has strong values and convictions, but is willing to listen and show compassion to all. A leader who isn’t afraid to stand up for what is right or take the road that is more difficult, knowing in the end it will lead to a successful outcome. When Bruce retired from the Idaho Legisla-ture he could have sought any job he wanted in public office or in the private sector. His commitment to students led him to Boise State University where he pursued expanding higher education opportunities in Idaho. Bruce also established a scholarship program for Burley High School students to attend college. Friday, June 30, 2017, my friend Bruce will retire from BSU where he served as the uni-versity’s director of government relations. The University recognized Bruce earlier this year and presented him with the ‘Commitment to Idaho’ Award. There is no one more deserving of this award than Bruce Newcomb. If you ask Bruce why he entered public service, he will tell you President John F. Ken-nedy inspired him with his famous quote, ‘‘Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country.’’ But I know that Bruce always wanted to help others; it is simply part of his soul. Bruce is loyal. That’s a simple statement, but a trait that’s not easy to achieve. He puts God and family first, and friends are so close to that line it is hard to decipher. I am beyond fortunate to be inside his circle and am forever grateful. I congratulate Bruce, and look forward to seeing him more. 
f 
HONORING CIRCUS JUVENTAS 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to cel-ebrate St. Paul’s own Circus Juventas, and to congratulate them on their performance in to-day’s opening ceremony for the Smithsonian Folklife Festival. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JN8.027 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE931 June 29, 2017 
This year the Folklife Festival marks its 50th Anniversary, and the youth performers of Cir-cus Juventas will be sharing their artistry with hundreds of thousands of visitors in perform-ances throughout the two weeks of the fes-tival. The founders of Circus Juventas, Dan and Betty Butler, not only build confidence and ex-cellence in their students through a multicul-tural circus arts education, but also inspire more than 50,000 audience members every year with their professional-level perform-ances. Circus Juventas is a key member of the vibrant arts community in Minnesota’s 4th District. Since its founding in 1994, Circus Juventas has grown into the largest performing arts cir-cus school in North America. Over 2,500 stu-dents participate in their year round and sum-mer camp programs. The students of Circus Juventas learn world-class skills in traditional and contemporary circus arts. As these young people come together to put on their collabo-rative cirque nouveau performances, they also learn the values of teamwork, self-confidence, discipline, dedication, leadership, and collabo-ration. As their Member of Congress, I commend all the students of Circus Juventas and Dan and Betty Butler as they bring their renowned performances and community engagement to the National Mall as the Folklife Festival cele-brates the Circus Arts. The creativity that they inspire and the con-nections they build are a gift to our commu-nity, and we are all proud of their chance to share those gifts on a national stage. 
f 
IN TRIBUTE TO SISTER JOEL READ 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sister Joel Read who has served as a mentor, teacher, college professor, a fierce advocate for women’s rights and academic ad-ministrator. She was the longtime leader of Alverno College and her vision of placing abili-ties over grades put her among the nation’s top college innovators. Sister Joel Read died, May 25, 2017 at the age of 91 years. Sister Read led her alma mater for nearly 35 years. The women’s college located on Mil-waukee’s south side reflected her trailblazing approach. The depth of her influence reached far beyond the Alverno campus because of her involvement not only in local and national academic issues, but also due to her inter-national network of contacts. She oversaw multi-million dollar fund raising campaigns that expanded the campus footprint, as well as scholarship and academic offerings. Under her leadership, Alverno launched one of the first internship programs in the country and initi-ated Weekend College targeted at working women. Sister Read focused on students de-veloping abilities, rather than making grades to demonstrate skills and knowledge. The distinc-tive ability-based, ‘‘assessment-as-learning’’ curriculum approach introduced in 1973, still draws educators from around the world to visit Alverno. She was a member of the School Sisters of St. Francis since 1945. She was a fierce ad-vocate for women’s rights and was one of the founders of the National Organization for Women in 1966. President Gerald Ford ap-pointed her to the National Commission on the Observance of International Women’s Year in 1975. National leaders in political and edu-cation circles also sought her counsel. Presi-dent Jimmy Carter appointed her to the Na-tional Council on the Humanities. Presidents George H.W. Bush, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton invited her to the White House to dis-cuss educational policy. She was singled out as one of a handful of college presidents who broke educational ground in the past 100 years, in the book, ‘‘The Many Lives of Aca-demic Presidents’’. Alverno College has opened doors to those who did not see college in their future. Alverno’s enrollment is roughly 2,200. Forty- five percent of the undergrad population comes from the city of Milwaukee, and 44 per-cent are women of color. Nearly seven in 10 are first-generation college students. Alverno consistently receives high ratings in US News & World Report. A 2015 report by The Edu-cation Trust found Alverno had both the high-est percentage (36.2 percent) of federal Pell Grant recipients and minority undergrads (35.7 percent) among Wisconsin colleges and uni-versities. Pell Grants provide need-based grants to low-income students. She retired as President of Alverno College in 2003 having served as one of the nation’s longest serving college presidents and re-mained an energetic force in retirement. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize Sister Joel Read. She has left a legacy of advocacy and compassion. She was a true trailblazer. The citizens of the Fourth Congressional District, the State of Wisconsin and the nation have benefited tremendously from her dedicated service. I am honored for these reasons to pay tribute to Sister Joel Read. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE TRANS-FORM STUDENT DEBT TO HOME EQUITY ACT 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, today I intro-duce the Transform Student Debt to Home Equity Act of 2017—a bill that enables grad-uates to transform their student debt into an opportunity to purchase and own a home. With an estimated $1.3 trillion student debt owed to the federal government, plunging homeownership rates among young people, and 17.2 million habitable homes sitting va-cant in the United States, our nation must find a way to address the student debt vs. housing conundrum. Luckily, there is a popular lending instrument already in widespread use that could serve as a significant bridge to the fu-ture: the home mortgage. This common lend-ing tool, overtime, has the power to transform student loan repayments into a financial instru-ment for building equity: the home. Creating a path for credit worthy student debt holders to convert their debt payment stream into home equity would require many federal departments to collaborate. However, an initial effort to test the concept can take the form of a pilot program through the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA). This is what the Transform Student Debt to Home Equity Act achieves. The bill authorizes HUD and FHFA to establish a pilot that con-nects creditworthy federal student debt holders with housing properties for sale but held by the federal government. By arranging financ-ing that recalculates terms, debt-to-income ra-tios, interest rates, and other factors, short- term student debt could transition into longer- term home ownership. Eventually, participants would help restore neighborhoods, and buoy property values locally and on the federal ledger simply by maintaining and investing in a home mortgage. The status quo has created a permanent class of millions of student debtors without the opportunity for equity homeownership. We have the resources, the power, and a compel-ling economic interest to do something about it. Let’s get started. I encourage my colleagues to support this measure and unleash this debt stranglehold on the next generation. f 
CONGRATULATING NEW YORK CITY MIDDLE SCHOOL DEBATE CHAMPIONS FOR 2016 AND 2017— MIDDLE SCHOOL 50 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride and honor that I rise to congratu-late the students, and teachers from Middle School 50 (MS 50)—the John D. Wells School on its successful reign as New York City Mid-dle School Debate Champions for 2016 and 2017. MS 50 is located in the Southside of Wil-liamsburg, Brooklyn of my district. It serves students from 6th thru 8th grade and has an enrollment that is 82 percent Latino with 21 percent of the students being English Lan-guage Learners. Despite personal challenges, these students have persevered and are com-petitive debaters. The school’s debate pro-gram has helped students develop lifelong skills like critical thinking, verbal and written communication, leadership, teamwork, and de-termination. They understand that debate is an art form that requires the tactful ability to argue or refute a policy while maintaining proper decorum. Today, debate remains the bedrock of our constitution and political system. It is uplifting to know that these students recognize the power of words and understand the art of de-bate. I am extremely proud of them. I also want to recognize and commend Principal Ben Honoroff, Debate Coaches Jason Warren, Matthew Mason, Thuy-An Vo, Andrew Geathers, and Carolina Hidalgo, and teachers for their support of this program and working with the Middle School Quality Initiative, a New York City Department of Education pro-gram focused on preparing middle school stu-dents for college. Please join me in saluting the MS 50 Debate New York City Champion Debate Team of 2016 and 2017. Kevin Ascension, Jusue Canatero Nixon, Brandy Flores, Anthony Imbert, Kelvin Imbert, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JN8.031 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE932 June 29, 2017 
A-Tiyana Johnson, Leslie Malin, Tracey McKeever, Victoria Paredes, Reynaldo Ramos, Grant Shan, Daiana Valencia, Emma Pichardo, Crisagnelly Canario, Tarek Ali, Denise Merino, Bryan Jacinto, Mohammed Islam, Evelis Rodriguez. Deirra DuBois, Samantha Espinal, Quanique Walker, Yariel Cruz Hernandez, Solina Perez, Heaven Nesbitt, Wendy Calderon, Ariel Roman, Trystan Keohane, Michel Reyes, Fer-nando Espinal, Dawlin Paredez, Carlos Fran-cisco, Merelin Penalo, Lisa Diaz, Lesly Deleon Clemente, Albert Sanchez, Yisneiry Rodri-guez. 
f 
NATIONAL HOMEOWNERSHIP MONTH 2017 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a member of the House Committee on Finan-cial Services’ Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance in recognition of June as National Homeownership Month. For many families across this country, homeownership is the cornerstone of achiev-ing their American Dream. It has proven to be one of the most effective ways for lower-and middle-income families to build wealth. Unfortunately, nearly a decade after the 2008 Financial Crisis, realizing the American Dream is still out of reach for too many Ameri-cans due to tightened mortgage credit stand-ards throughout the industry. Each year, National Homeownership Month provides us the opportunity to recognize and identify the significant benefits of homeowner-ship and the resources needed to help more Americans become homeowners. In that spirit, it is equally important that we continue to support efforts to improve financial literacy in the home buying process through the many housing counseling programs across the country. That is why I introduced the Housing Finan-cial Literacy Act, H.R. 851, which will help make homeownership a reality for more fami-lies by giving first-time homebuyers who com-plete a Department of Housing and Urban De-velopment-certified housing counseling course a discount on their Federal Housing Adminis-tration mortgage insurance premium of 25 basis points. Let’s make the American Dream of home-ownership accessible for more Americans this National Homeownership Month and every month throughout the year. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF TRAFFORD REALTY CO. 
HON. BILL POSEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to bring to the attention of my colleagues a true success story in the world of American small business. Trafford Realty Co., based in Brevard County, Florida, is celebrating its 100th Anniversary, a true milestone for any small business. In 1917, A. R. ‘‘Roy’’ Trafford and Russell Field opened Trafford and Field Realtors in Historic Cocoa Village to serve the residents of the City of Cocoa and the Brevard County community. Years later, Roy’s son Al became Trafford’s president and continued to lead the organization until 2009 at which time, at the age of 94, he promoted vice president and general manager Terry Lolmaugh to the posi-tion of president. AI continued to be active in the company until his passing in 2014 at the age of 99. To recognize his many contributions to our community, the City of Cocoa renamed its am-phitheater at Cocoa Riverfront Park to the AI Trafford Amphitheater in 2009. Trafford Realty Co.’s leadership has wit-nessed the growth of Brevard County, from an area originally known for commercial fishing, citrus, and tourism to the center for space ex-ploration. The company has survived and prospered through every national and local event of the 20th and 21st centuries, success-fully enduring the effects of World Wars, eco-nomic depressions and recessions, local nat-ural disasters, and man-made catastrophes. Trafford Realty Co. has managed the sales and purchases of thousands of homes and commercial properties in Brevard County, and was instrumental in the development of some of Brevard County’s most well-known subdivi-sions dating from 1924 through the 1970s, in-cluding: Carleton Terrace, Riverview Acres and Hardee Circle, Cocoa Isles, South Merritt Estates, and The Ranches. Trafford Realty Co. has over 20 professional associates. Together, they have more than 345 years in cumulative real estate selling and buying experience. The Trafford Realty Co. prides itself on its experience, integrity and longevity. It will continue to serve the residents and businesses of Brevard County, with a rep-utation as one of our most trusted and re-spected businesses. I ask my colleagues to join me in saluting Trafford Realty and its employees for their continuing contributions to our community and for achieving 100 successful years in busi-ness. f 
CONGRATULATING JEREMY BOW-DEN ON WINNING THE CONGRES-SIONAL ART CONTEST FOR THE 24TH DISTRICT OF TEXAS 
HON. KENNY MARCHANT 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jeremy Bowden for his winning piece in the Congressional Art Competition for the 24th District of Texas. Jeremy’s artwork, ti-tled ‘‘Lazy Day in Downtown Carrollton,’’ is an oil painting of the center of Carrollton, Texas, where Jeremy lives with his fraternal twin brother Jason, his sister Kyra, and his parents Rhonda and Blake. The Congressional Art Competition is a great chance for students such as Jeremy to showcase their artistic tal-ents and attain national recognition for their work. As a child, Jeremy’s strong interest in art, particularly drawing, was clear to Rhonda and Blake. His parents note that, from a young age, Jeremy had always been able to enter-tain himself with only a pencil and paper. This interest became even more prominent during parent-teacher conferences, where Rhonda and Blake learned that Jeremy had a habit of drawing and doodling on everything he could get his hands on, including homework and es-says. It wasn’t until high school, however, that Jeremy decided to take his interest in art seri-ously. Once he dedicated himself, he spent numerous hours in art lessons and working on art projects, submitting a few of these pieces in competitions. Some of these projects in-cluded work in animation, figure drawings, oil- paintings, as well as sculptures. During his junior year in high school, his hard work and dedication to becoming a more skilled artist gained him some prestigious recognitions, in-cluding winning the 24th Congressional District of Texas Art Competition. After Jeremy completes his senior year at Hebron High School, he hopes to attend an art college in the fall of 2018 to continue pur-suing his goal of becoming a professional art-ist. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate Jeremy on winning the Congressional Art Con-test for the 24th District of Texas: I ask all of my distinguished colleagues to join me in wishing Jeremy the best of luck in his future endeavors. f 
RECOGNIZING THE BIRTHDAY OF LUCI BAINES JOHNSON, THE YOUNGER DAUGHTER OF U.S. PRESIDENT LYNDON B. JOHNSON AND HIS WIFE, FORMER FIRST LADY, LADY BIRD JOHNSON 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with Con-gressman B
ARTON , to recognize the birthday of Luci Baines Johnson. Ms. Luci Baines Johnson is the Chairwoman of LBJ Holding Co. She also serves as Vice President of The Business Suites and as a Director of LBJ Broadcasting Co. Ms. Johnson is also a mem-ber of the Board of Directors of the National Wildflower Research Center, a member of the advisory boards of both the Center for Bat-tered Women and of ‘‘Believe in Me’’, and a life trustee of Seton Fund. After many years of service, we are pleased to recognize her today. On Sunday, July 2, 2017, she will be celebrating her 70th birthday. Ms. Johnson has degrees from Georgetown University School of Nursing, the University of Texas, and St. Edward’s University. Ms. John-son has served as a Trustee of Boston Uni-versity, is a past chairman of the Affiliate Fund-raising Drive for the American Heart As-sociation, a former chairman of the University of Texas System School of Nursing, and a former member of the Board of Review of the National League of Nursing. Through our shared passion for public serv-ice, we have developed a close relationship that continues to grow stronger by the year. Much like her parents before her, she has dedicated her life to public service and it has been an honor to see the contributions she has made throughout the state of Texas. Throughout her life, she has constantly dis-played the virtues of compassion, passion, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JN8.034 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE933 June 29, 2017 
and integrity. By staying true to herself in the midst of adversity, she has managed to ac-complish so much. Through her philanthropic efforts, she has been able to turn dreams into realities for so many. Mr. Speaker, we congratulate Luci Baines Johnson on her successes, and we wish her a happy 70th birthday. We wish her success as she continues to fight for so many people, not only in the Great State of Texas, but across the United States. Mr. Speaker, the recognition of the birthday and accomplishments of Luci Baines Johnson are worth acknowledging. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ANDREA GUY 
HON. JOHN J. DUNCAN, JR. 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, it brings me great pride to announce that an ed-ucator from my district has been awarded the Gilder Lehrman Institute’s Tennessee History Teacher of the Year Award. Ms. Andrea Guy was nominated by her own students from Hardin Valley Academy for this very prestigious award. Just one year ago, Andrea was selected to participate in the Supreme Court History Soci-ety’s Summer Teacher Institute in Washington, D.C. The education of our young people can only be as good as our teachers, and Andrea has showcased what great education looks like through her hard work and dedication to her students and to the history of Our Nation. This is a very high honor that I am proud to recognize. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO TRAIL-BLAZING HOOSIER DERRICK BURKS ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Derrick Burks as he retires from Ernst & Young, a trailblazing Hoosier whose leadership has been transformative in our community. Derrick, a life-long Hoosier, was born in Indianapolis and is one of twelve children. He attended Indianapolis Public Schools from Kindergarten until graduation. Upon graduation from Shortridge High School in 1974, Derrick and his twin brother Darrell, through the encouragement of an older broth-er enrolled at Kentucky State University. De-spite losing both parents at an early age and in the face of a tight budget both Derrick and Darrell enrolled. They found great success academically and then decided to transfer to Indiana University. They both pursued degrees in accounting and graduated with distinction in 1978. After graduation, Derrick went to work at Ar-thur Andersen in Indianapolis while his twin Darrell pursued his successful accounting ca-reer in Detroit, Michigan. During his time with Arthur Andersen, Derrick was recognized for his contributions to the firm on several occa-sions. In 1991, Derrick was promoted and be-came a partner at the firm, a position he held until May of 2000. When, at the age of 43, he was selected to become the Managing Part-ner. He was the first African-American to be named to this position by a large CPA firm in the state of Indiana. As the Managing Partner, Derrick was instrumental in the Arthur Ander-sen and Ernst & Young merger in 2002. He was then named the Managing Partner for Ernst & Young in 2004. Derrick has displayed exemplary capability and leadership through-out his entire career. As a member of the Ernst & Young’s America’s Ethnicity Diversity Task Force, Derrick embodied values that en-couraged his colleagues to always do the right thing. Derrick’s expertise is wide-ranging: his clients include small businesses, large multi- location corporations, and public companies across numerous fields of business. In addi-tion to his work at the firm, Derrick has dem-onstrated a steadfast commitment to our com-munity through numerous civic and community activities over the years. Derrick is a prominent leader in the African- American community through his involvement with the Indiana Black Expo, the Indianapolis Museum of African American History, and the 100 Black Men of Indianapolis. Derrick is also involved with two historically African American fraternities, Kappa Alpha Psi, his under-graduate fraternity, as well as Sigma Pi Phi a post-graduate professional fraternal organiza-tion. Kappa Alpha Psi, founded in Bloom-ington, Indiana, strives to support their mem-bers in ‘‘achievement in every field of human endeavor’’. Sigma Pi Phi, also known as the Boule, was the first Greek-letter fraternity to be founded by African American men. Its membership consists of men with college or professional degrees who are prominent and contributing members of their communities. In addition to his career in the accounting field, he is and has been actively involved in civic and community organizations including the Stadium Board, Goodwill Education Initia-tives (Indianapolis Met Academy Charter Schools), Goodwill Industries, Boy Scouts of America, the Children’s Museum, the United Way, Circle City Classic, the Mayor’s Greater Indianapolis Progress Committee, Indianapolis Convention & Visitors Association Board, Indi-anapolis Metropolitan Career Academy and Kelley School of Business Dean’s Advisory Council to name a few. Derrick is a member ofthe American Institute of CPAs and the Indi-ana CPA Society. He also served the Indiana community as Commissioner of the Indiana State Board of Accountancy and served as Treasurer for the 2012 Indianapolis Super Bowl Host Committee. On behalf of all Hoosiers and as a dear friend and soccer parent who spent countless memorable hours over many years with the Burks family, I wish to extend a heartfelt thank you to Derrick for his contributions to Indiana businesses as well as his exemplary service and leadership to our community. I wish the very best to Derrick, to his special partner in life his wife Celeste, and his three amazing daughters, Channing, Ciersten, and Courtney in his well-deserved retirement and in the next exciting chapter of his life. H.R. 3003 AND H.R. 3004 HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to two punitive, anti-immigrant bills: H.R. 3003, the so-called ‘‘No Sanctuary for Criminals Act,’’ and H.R. 3004, the so- called ‘‘Kate’s Law.’’ These cruel and unnec-essary bills help to convert Donald Trump’s vi-cious immigration rhetoric into policy that threatens the safety of our country and our communities. H.R. 3003 coerces states and localities to cooperate with federal immigration enforce-ment, and bans them from receiving crucial federal funds if these jurisdictions don’t com-ply. The bill also expands DHS’s authority to detain individuals, even allowing them to be held in detention indefinitely, a provision which may violate the Fourth Amendment. H.R. 3004 expands prosecutions for individ-uals for unauthorized re-entry and attempted re-entry into the United States. Under this bill, even asylum seekers and victims of human trafficking could be prosecuted by the federal government for simply entering the country. It would even allow prosecution of individuals who seek to re-enter the U.S. with legal au-thorization to do so. These bills do clear and direct damage to America’s safety and America’s values. We do not make America more secure by holding ransom local law enforcement funds that keep us safe. We don’t fight crime by making resi-dents less likely to report crime. We do not honor America’s humanitarian history by pros-ecuting asylum seekers and human trafficking victims. We do not honor family values by keeping immigrant families separated. We do not preserve America’s strength as a thriving nation of immigrants by encouraging fear of those who have come to make our nation stronger. We do not preserve, protect, and de-fend the U.S. Constitution by letting law en-forcement flout the Fourth Amendment, or by detaining individuals indefinitely. These bills leave American communities less protected in the face of threats large and small. These bills insult America’s reputation as a welcoming beacon for every nation, race, and faith. We must keep America safe, but we will not do so by demonizing and persecuting innocent immigrants. We need a sensible im-migration policy, not one rooted in fear and hate. I call on Republicans to join me and my Democratic colleagues in developing a com-prehensive immigration reform plan that keeps our borders secure, addresses the need for temporary workers, resolves the status of DREAMers and millions of other undocu-mented immigrants, and provides a path to citizenship. I urge my colleagues to vote no on H.R. 3003 and H.R. 3004. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ROGER THOMAS 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise with Con-gressman J
ARED HUFFMAN and Congressman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JN8.038 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE934 June 29, 2017 
MIKETHOMPSON to recognize Roger Thomas, Captain of the Salty Lady, member of the Cali-fornia Outdoor Hall of Fame, and lifelong ad-vocate to keep west coast salmon fisheries alive and sustainable. Many in this chamber, the California Legislature and multiple agen-cies have worked with Roger for decades and are proud to call this honorable and remark-able man a friend, mentor and colleague. He is one of the most decent and hard-working human beings one can know. Roger’s passion for fishing started as a child. Born in Gilroy, California, he started fish-ing at an early age for striped bass from the beaches along Monterey Bay and later for salmon from a small boat launched at the Monterey Pier. He was hooked on salmon fishing and became a regular customer on charter boats out of San Francisco. Before too long, one of the captains offered Roger a job as a deck hand and, as they say, the rest is history. Roger received his captain’s license in 1968. While working full-time for the County of Santa: Clara on housing issues, he ran charter boats on weekends. At one point he had ac-quired a fleet of five boats that were run by several captains. In 1981, he retired from his government job and dedicated all of his time and energy to fisheries and ocean conserva-tion. There hasn’t been a salmon related asso-ciation or council that Roger hasn’t served on. Since 1973, he has been the President of the Golden Gate Fishermen’s Association which represents charter boats from Fort Bragg to Monterey and carries some 200,000 anglers each year. He is also the Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Golden Gate Salmon Association which represents com-mercial and recreational fishermen and works on protecting salmon habitat. For 14 years, he has served on the Pacific Fisheries Manage-ment Council which, among other duties, sets the ocean salmon seasons. Roger is a mem-ber of the Bay Delta Advisory board, the Win-ter Run-Captive Broodstock Committee, the Central Valley Fisheries Coalition, the Marine Advisory Committee to the Secretary of Com-merce, the Coastal Resources Foundation, the Pacific States Marine Fisheries Commission, the National Sea Grant Review Panel and the Marine Resources Committee. Roger runs his charters on the Salty Lady out of Sausalito and Half Moon Bay. He proudly calls himself a salmon charter oper-ation, but additionally runs whale watching and nature trips and has introduced thousands of children and adults to the magic of marine life. He has spent more than 10,000 days on the ocean and you will be hard-pressed to find someone with deeper knowledge and appre-ciation for that ecosystem. He also has the gift of storytelling and a mind that remembers every detail, including one of his most vivid ones from his childhood. He saw the last of the San Joaquin Spring run chinook salmon. before they went extinct. His uncle took him to Friant Dam right after it was constructed. The salmon were stuck at the end of the line im-posed to divert water to fields in the San Joa-quin valley. They were ’’big fish,’’ Roger says stretching out his arms, ‘‘just big fish.’’ Roger is a familiar face in Congress where he has represented the interests of the charter boat fleet and the health of west coast salmon stocks for decades. In the 1980s, he was ap-pointed by then Vice President George Bush to the National Sea Grant Review Panel. In this role he traveled to ports around the coun-try and helped decide which projects were worthy and would be funded. Roger was instrumental in former Rep-resentative George Miller’s 1992 Central Val-ley Improvement Act and its eventual pas-sage. The CVP is a key law to stop environ-mental harm to salmon and the Bay Delta. When salmon populations collapsed in 2008 and 2009, Roger worked closely with Rep-resentative M
IKETHOMPSON to provide dis-aster relief to salmon fishermen. Roger Thomas’ tireless work has earned him the respect and adoration of countless people. With his recent tragic diagnosis of late stage cancer, it is our intention to express our appreciation for his outstanding work and last-ing contributions. Mr. Speaker, I ask the Members of the House of Representatives to join us in cele-brating the life of Roger Thomas who loves fish, loves the ocean, and above all loves peo-ple. He has touched many hearts, protected many livelihoods and has earned the admira-tion of coastal communities up and down the western seaboard. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE 100TH YEAR AN-NIVERSARY OF BOY SCOUTS OF AMERICA TROOP 100 OF THE DIS-TRICT OF COLUMBIA 
HON. CHRIS COLLINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Boy Scouts of America Troop 100 of the District of Columbia on its 100th anniversary, and for its long history of heritage and service. As a co-chair of the Scouting Caucus and a life-long eagle scout, I am proud to recognize the oldest Troop in Washington, D.C. The Boy Scouts of America was founded on February 8, 1910, here in Washington, D.C., when Chicago Publisher Mr. William D. Boyce and Washington, D.C. Railroad Tycoon Mr. Colin H. Livingstone filed the papers of incor-poration. Less than a month later, in March 1910, the first Troop in Washington, D.C., Troop I, was formed at the G Street branch of the Y.M.C.A. On June 15, 1916, the Federal Charter of the Boy Scouts of America was signed into law by President Woodrow Wilson. In the summer of 1917, due to size limita-tions, Troop I split, with the majority of its membership forming a new Troop. Subse-quently, this newly formed Troop was ceremo-niously given the Troop number of ‘‘100’’ by the District of Columbia Boy Scout Council, now known as the National Capital Area Council. Over the years, Troop 100 has become the preeminent Troop in the Council by virtue of winning almost every special Scout Award available, including the Service Awards, Drill Awards, Signaling & Orienteering Awards, the Evening Star Inspection Trophy, and the cov-eted Washington Post Advancement Trophy. Additionally, Troop 100 has a history of dem-onstrating patriotism and heroism. Members have earned the War Service Awards for sell-ing War Bonds, rescued individuals from burn-ing buildings, and answered the call of duty by serving in one of the branches of the United States military. Today, the Boy Scouts of America has more than 2.4 million active members, and 1 million adult volunteers. The Boy Scouts of America and Troop 100 continues to prepare young people to exercise ethical and moral judg-ments by teaching them the values of the Scout Oath and Scout Law, and remains faith-ful to its mission of ‘‘patriotism, courage, self- reliance, and kindred values,’’ and its goal of providing ‘‘citizenship, service, and leader-ship.’’ Again, I would like to congratulate Wash-ington, D.C.’s Boy Scouts of America Troop 100 on the occasion of their 100th anniver-sary, and its over 100 years of service, char-acter and leadership development, and for in-stilling the values of the Scout Oath and the Scout Law in America’s youth. f 
HONORING THE 154TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE BATTLE OF GET-TYSBURG 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today we remem-ber the Battle of Gettysburg, a clear turning point in our American history. I’m privileged and humbled to represent these hallowed grounds. This weekend, we commemorate the 154th Anniversary of the Battle—one that pit brother against brother, neighbor against neighbor, for three days of horrific and abject combat—not for hatred, but rather unbridled passion and loyalty to their respective causes; a loyalty that drove these Soldiers to give, in President Lincoln’s words, ‘‘the last full meas-ure of devotion.’’ Everything our Nation has achieved since that time—the expansion of freedom and lib-erty, civil rights, and centuries of human achievements—was borne of the sacrifice and struggle of the Soldiers who valiantly fought this Battle. Beginning in 1888, Veterans from both sides of the conflict held reunions in Gettysburg to celebrate our unity and hopes for the future. The reunions would culminate with the lighting of the Eternal Light Peace Memorial in July 1938, the 75th Anniversary of the Battle, and the final Veteran’s reunion. In the years since, millions of people from all over the world an-nually travel to Gettysburg to learn about our Nation’s ‘‘new birth of freedom,’’ and the Na-tional Park Service and an array of dedicated citizens and partners perform the critical work of inspiring us to learn and appreciate the sig-nificance of the Gettysburg Campaign, the Gettysburg Address and the Civil War. On this 154th Anniversary, may God con-tinue to bless the brave men and women who served and sacrificed at the Battle of Gettys-burg. And may He rededicate us to ‘‘...the un-finished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JN8.042 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE935 June 29, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE RETIRE-MENT OF IRELAND’S AMBAS-SADOR TO THE UNITED STATES ANNE ANDERSON 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize Ambassador Anne Anderson, the Irish Ambassador to the United States, as she retires from her position in the Irish Department of Foreign Affairs. Throughout her time in the Irish Department of Foreign Affairs, Ambassador Anderson has served in assignments of great prestige as well as been the first woman to represent Ire-land in all these positions. Her first post was as Ireland’s Ambassador to the United Nations (UN) in Geneva in 1995. While there, she chaired the World Trade Organization (WTO) Trade Policy Review Body in 1996, followed by chairing the UN Commission on Human Rights in 1999. In 2001, she became Ireland’s Permanent Representative to the European Union (EU), the first woman from any EU country to represent their nation in the Euro-pean Parliament. In 2005, Ambassador Ander-son became Ireland’s Ambassador to France before being appointed as Ireland’s Ambas-sador to the United Nations in New York in 2009. During her time at the UN, Ambassador Anderson focused on human rights, develop-ment, and gender equality issues. Further-more, the Ambassador oversaw a review of the UN Peace-building machinery and facili-tated preparations for the 2013 UN Special Event on the Millennium Development Goals. On January 15, 2013, Ambassador Ander-son was appointed as Ireland’s 17th Ambas-sador to the United States. Throughout her time in Washington, Ambassador Anderson has focused on further strengthening Ireland- U.S. relations in regards to economics, trade, immigration, and culture. She especially did an exemplary job with all the U.S. events around the centenary of the 1916 Rising. Further-more, Ambassador Anderson has focused on keeping the U.S. engaged in issues regarding Northern Ireland. Her engagement with the Friends of Ireland Caucus throughout her ten-ure has been critical in our country’s continued involvement with the entire island of Ireland. In recognition of her outstanding service, Ambas-sador Anderson was presented with the Inter-national Leadership Award by the Ireland Funds this past March. Mr. Speaker, as a co-chairman of the Friends of Ireland Caucus, I have gotten to know Ambassador Anderson very well as both a colleague and a friend. Anne has made mo-mentous strides in strengthening Ireland-U.S. relations on numerous fronts and has been a great influence to our country. She will be greatly missed and I wish her all the best with her retirement and future endeavors. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF EARLINE MILES 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Ms. Earline Miles, a beloved member of the Fort Worth community and dear friend, who passed away on June 23, 2017. Earline Dolores Miles was born on March 2, 1930, in Sherman, Texas, to Henri Jewel and William Andrew Miles. Earline was the only girl in a household with four brothers. She at-tended I.M. Terrell High School and was pre-sented as an Assembly Debutante in 1948. After high school, Ms. Miles attended Sam Houston State University where she pledged Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. and was a member of the Ivy Leaf Club. She then went on to finish her undergraduate studies at Huston-Tillotson University, where she grad-uated Cum Laude with a Bachelor’s of Arts in Business Administration in 1952. In 1971, Earline achieved the great accom-plishment of becoming the first black female lawyer in Tarrant County after earning her law degree from Thurgood Marshall School of Law at Texas Southern University. She also be-came the first black attorney to work for Rattikin Title Company as a Title Researcher. While Ms. Miles had an extensive profes-sional career as a lawyer and teacher, most people remember Earline for her fierce pas-sion for political activism and civil rights. She spearheaded countless voter registration drives and fought hard to ensure that African Americans had equal opportunities in Tarrant County and equal representation in the media. As part of her political career, Earline worked tirelessly to ensure that African Ameri-cans were elected to public office. She broke fundraising records for Historically Black Col-leges and Universities, and worked on several campaigns for African American politicians in Texas. In addition to being a fierce advocate for civil rights, Earline was a devoted daughter, sister, and true friend. She was also just as much fun as she was known as the ‘‘cool aunt’’ to her nieces and nephews. Earline is survived by her goddaughter, two younger brothers, several nieces and nephews, and a host of cousins, great nieces and nephews, extended family members, and friends. I honor Ms. Earline Miles’s significant impact on the African American community. f 
RECOGNIZING ALZHEIMER’S AND BRAIN AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness Month this June and to honor the over five million Americans that are currently living with this disease right now. Alzheimer’s is a progressive neurodegenerative brain disorder that disables the memory of individuals and causes cog-nitive decline. Of the top ten leading causes of death in the United States, Alzheimer’s is the only disease that cannot be prevented, cured, or even slowed. On top of that, more than 15 million Americans are currently providing un-paid care for loved ones that suffer from Alz-heimer’s. As a nation, we have a duty to serve all members of our community. We cannot allow this disease to progress unchecked, which is why I ask my fellow Members of Congress to join me in honoring Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness Month and ensuring that the Na-tional Institutes of Health (NIH) has the nec-essary funding to continue Alzheimer’s re-search. When it comes to the health of Ameri-cans, we cannot afford to take shortcuts. Though Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness Month has come to an end, our efforts must continue. Mr. Speaker, it is with situations like this that our nation must come together. I am honored to help raise awareness for this wor-thy cause and invite my colleagues in Con-gress to join me on this fight. f 
COMMEMORATING THE LIFE OF MR. WILLIAM SINKLER 
HON. H. MORGAN GRIFFITH 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Speaker, I rise to com-memorate the life Mr. William Sinkler, 79, a dedicated educator who spent his life com-mitted to serving the children and schools of Southwest Virginia. William (Bill) Sinkler was born on October 9, 1937, in Eutawville, South Carolina and his contributions to his commu-nity, particularly to young students, are im-pressive. Mr. Sinkler was a true Southern gentleman, dignified, and held in high regards by all of us who him. As an educator, he set high expecta-tions for his students and modeled respect and integrity. At the time of his retirement, Mr. Sinkler had spent 40 years as an educator, and was the first African-American to serve on the Salem School Board. For his commitment to the young minds of Lynchburg, Roanoke, and Salem, Mr. Sinkler received a Virginia General Assembly Resolution to recognize his devotion to the students. In the Resolution, he was rec-ognized for his life motto, ‘‘I’ve got to be me,’’ and how he brought his personality and tal-ents into each endeavor he undertook. He grew up in South Carolina, graduated from Morris College in 1960, and then served in the United States Army. After his service in the armed forces, Mr. Sinkler studied at Vir-ginia State College and earned a Master’s De-gree in Education at University of Virginia. He taught Math and Science, and served as an Assistant Principal and a Principal. By the time of his retirement, Bill was the Vice-Chairman of the Salem School Board, where he had served from 1993 to 2009. I remember Mr. Sinkler’s friendship and his ability to work closely with officials on both sides of the aisle. Mr. Sinkler was a very involved member of the community, for years he served on the City of Salem’s Fair Housing Board and Plan-ning Commission, and was an active member of the Salem Rotary Club, Boule, The Links, Inc., NAACP, Kappa Delta Pi, and Phi Beta Sigma. He was also a dedicated member of the Shiloh Baptist Church, in Salem, Virginia. There, he served as a member of the Board of Trustees, and the superintendent of the church’s Sunday school, as well as teaching Sunday school classes. Mr. Sinkler was recognized through numer-ous awards, such as the Salem Police Depart Citizen Academy Certificate of Recognition, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JN8.045 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE936 June 29, 2017 
and Roanoke Valley Father of the Year, for Education. My thoughts and prayers are with Mr. Sinkler’s wife of 52 years, Marzetta; two sons, William and Wayne; two grandchildren, Karis and Mitchell; Sister Mary Q. Sinkler, and nu-merous extended family, as well as friends and loved ones. It is impossible to measure the impact of such a dedicated educator. Mr. Sinkler’s leg-acy as an educator will live in the achieve-ments of all the students who were positively impacted by his hard work and devotion. 
f 
SOUTH KOREA’S NEW PRESIDENT, MOON JAE-IN 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate South Korean President Moon Jae-in on his recent election. He will be vis-iting the U.S. this week and I’d like to be among the first to extend a hand of welcome. South Korea is one of the United States’ most critical allies. Not only do our two nations share a thriving economic partnership, but we cooperate closely on some of the most impor-tant security threats facing our world. South Korea’s neighbor to the North is one of these threats. Little Kim is no friend to the United states and he is no friend to the Re-public of Korea. I look forward to seeing how President Moon and the Trump Administration use this opportunity to deepen our friendship and fur-ther our economic and security cooperation. The U.S.-ROK alliance was forged in blood and continues under our shared commitment to democratic principles. Working together, we can combat the forces of evil in this world. And that’s just the way it is. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF GENERAL DANIEL B. ALLYN 
HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the retirement of the 35th Vice Chief of Staff of the Army, General Daniel B. Allyn. General Allyn’s work ethic took him to the highest ranks of the military, serving as Com-manding General of the United States Army Forces Command and XVIII Airborne—this in addition to leading forces on the Korean Pe-ninsula and the Middle East. After graduation from the United States Mili-tary Academy at West Point, and several years of military experience, General Allyn at-tended the United States Naval War College where he received a Master of Arts degree in National Security and Strategic Studies. Be-ginning his career at Fort Bragg, North Caro-lina, General Allyn was a member of the ven-erated 82nd Airborne Division. Deployed on numerous operational assign-ments all over the globe and through some of our nation’s toughest times; General Allyn stood ready to answer the call to serve our great nation. Some of his most notable en-gagements were Operation Urgent Fury in Grenada during the Korean War, Operation Desert Storm in Saudi Arabia, Operation Desert Spring in Kuwait, Operation Iraqi Free-dom in Iraq, and Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan. Throughout these operations, he delivered on the promise to keep America safe and confront our enemies head on under the most difficult conditions. During these deployments, General Allyn re-ceived numerous medals, including the Distin-guished Service Medal, Silver Star, Defense Superior Service Medal, Legion of Merit, Bronze Star, Defense Meritorious Service Medal, Meritorious Service Medal, and Joint Service Commendation Medal. These stunning achievements propelled General Allyn to one of the highest posts in the military, Vice Chief of Staff of the Army. Confirmed by the United States Senate on July 23, 2014; General Allyn served as Vice Chief of Staff of the Army for nearly three years. This country cannot repay the debt we owe to General Allyn; he was truly one-of-a- kind. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in com-memorating the retirement of the 35th Vice Chief of Staff of the Army, General Daniel B. Allyn. f 
IN HONOR OF THE PINEY WOODS VETERANS OF FOREIGN WARS POST 4816 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I honor the 50th Anniversary of The Piney Woods Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 4816 in Porter, Texas. Since the founding of Post 4816, on May 30, 1967, it has grown from a small unit of just forty members to a far-reaching organization of over three-hundred and fifty dedicated, en-gaged, and inspiring veterans. For fifty years, this post has been an inte-gral part of the Porter Community. Its mem-bers have dedicated their time and resources to giving back to local veterans and the entire Porter population. Every year, their fundraising efforts allow them to contribute over $300,000 to local causes, improving the lives of every-one in their community. Among the recipients are local children’s hospitals, community as-sistance centers, and veterans and military families in need. In an effort to encourage community in-volvement and civil awareness, Post 4816 has created an awards program that recognizes outstanding teachers and students who dis-play academic excellence and patriotism. Similar awards are reserved to recognize local law enforcement officers, medical first re-sponders, and other public servants who show a clear dedication to improving their commu-nity. Post 4816’s commitment to service has gone far deeper than just public recognitions and charitable donations. By organizing hos-pital and home visits to sick and disabled vet-erans, Post 4816 has left a lasting impact on the lives of many of our community’s former service members. This support system is just one way that Post 4816 embodies the mission of the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars. By fostering a comradery amongst the veterans of overseas conflict, serving the current service members and veterans in our community, and advo-cating on behalf of all United States veterans, the members of Post 4816 have completed this mission many times over. It is my honor to join our local veterans, the citizens of Porter, and the entire Eighth District of Texas to congratulate the veterans of Post 4816 on their fifty-year anniversary, to recog-nize their history of public service, and to thank them for their dedicated work for our veterans and our community. f 
IN MEMORY OF BILL SHEALY 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, on December 14, 2016, South Carolina lost an American Hero with the passing of Bill Shealy. Bill and his brothers have an extraor-dinary history of military service during World War II. Of the seven brothers in the Shealy family, five served at the Invasion of Nor-mandy, including Bill. Bill and his twin brother, Bobby Shealy, served with the U.S. Navy on the same ship, the USS Dale W. Peterson. Remarkably, the USS Dale W. Peterson captured a German submarine headed to New York and the crew held the submarine for ten days until relief ar-rived to transport the submarine and its crew. During its final deployment to Japan, the Enola Gay dropped the atomic bomb on Hiro-shima and the ship was ordered to return to Pearl Harbor. I am grateful for the admirable service and sacrifice of Bill Shealy and his brothers. The following thoughtful obituary was published in The State on December 16, 2016: 
WEST COLUMBIA—Services for Billy ‘‘Bill’’ Shealy, 91, will be conducted at 11:00 am, Saturday, December 17, 2016, at Mt. Hermon Lutheran Church with The Rev. Eric Friedrichs officiating. Burial will follow in the church cemetery. Visitation will be from 6 to 8 p.m., Friday, December 16, 2016, at Barr-Price Funeral Home and Crematorium, Lexington Chapel. Memorials may be made to Mt. Hermon Lutheran Church ‘‘Growing on Holy Ground Fund’’, 3011 Leaphart Rd., West Columbia, SC 29169. Mr. Shealy died Wednesday, December 14, 2016. Born December 2, 1925, in Cayce, SC, he was a son of the late Thad Shealy and Lizzie Derrick Shealy. A member of Mt. Hermon Lutheran Church, the Henri Bishop Sunday School Class, and Woodmen of the World Lodge 1276, he had retired from SC Depart-ment of Mental Health as an electronic tech-nician. A US Navy and WWII veteran, he was in the Normandy invasion along with four of his brothers. Survivors include his daughter Renee Cole-man-Greenbaum (Dave); son Edwin Shealy; grandchildren; Amanda Robinette (Eddie), Russell Coleman (Brandy); great grand-children Alex and Parker Greer; Zeke Cole-man; brother Joe Shealy (Margie); along with many nieces and nephews whom he loved dearly. In addition to his parents, he was preceded in death by his wife, Doris Risinger Shealy, brothers Ryan Shealy, Car-roll Shealy, Muller ‘‘Mutt’’ Shealy, Charles 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29JN8.048 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE937 June 29, 2017 
‘‘Chick’’ Shealy, Bobby Shealy; sisters Fredia Keisler, and Vanna Royalty. f 
TRIBUTE TO CHERYL DEATLEY 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay trib-ute to someone who has spent her career making a difference in the lives of children across Maryland and the National Capital re-gion. I’ve known Cheryl DeAtley for many years and seen her passion and commitment to early childhood education up close. Cheryl started as a coordinator for Charles County’s Judith P. Hoyer Early Child Care and Family Education Center, named in honor of my late wife, who dedicated her career to early child-hood education and achievement as well. Since 2007, she has been at the Maryland State Department of Education, overseeing the entire network of Judy Centers, as they are known. In leading the Judy Centers, Cheryl has pre-sided over a period of rapid expansion. Under her guidance, the number of Judy Centers has more than doubled, growing from twenty-four locations in 2007 to fifty-one today. They serve more than 18,000 children across our state, helping to close the achievement gap for those entering elementary school by ensur-ing they and their families have access to a range of beneficial services. These include early education, medical and dental screenings, family literacy courses, and early intervention for children with special needs. For parents, adult education takes place on- site as well. Judy Centers are a one-stop-shop for low-income families to prepare their chil-dren to enter school ready to learn and grow alongside their peers. Cheryl DeAtley has been critical to the pro-gram’s success. Tirelessly, she’s written grant proposals, overseen program finances, advo-cated before state and federal agencies, and publicized the merits of the Judy Centers in support of expanding the full-service, commu-nity school model around the country. Particu-larly, she’s been instrumental in creating pub-lic-private partnerships, such as with the Balti-more Community Foundation, to sponsor new Judy Centers. Cheryl has made a point of vis-iting every single Judy Center annually. I’ve worked closely with her to ensure that Judy Centers and the Maryland children and fami-lies they serve have the resources they need. Sadly for the program, Cheryl will be leaving next month to become a Program Manager at the non-profit Center for Children for its Healthy Families Southern Maryland Program, serving Charles and St. Mary’s counties. Thankfully, this means Maryland families will continue to benefit from Cheryl’s talent and experience. Earlier in her career, before a stint in the private sector with a company operating after- school programs, Cheryl served for seven years with the U.S. General Services Adminis-tration (GSA). There, she oversaw the GSA’s child care program for the entire National Cap-ital Region, supervising a network of twenty- six child care centers serving federal employ-ees. For her last two years at GSA, Cheryl held the position of Child Care Policy Advisor to the Associate Administrator for Child Care, bringing her depth and breadth of experience to the shaping of nation-wide federal child care policies. Cheryl holds a bachelor’s de-gree in Management Studies from the Univer-sity of Maryland University College and a mas-ter’s degree in Early Childhood Human Devel-opment from the University of Maryland Col-lege Park. I want to thank Cheryl for her outstanding contributions to early childhood education and to furthering the full-service, community school model in Maryland. It’s been a real pleasure working with her over the years to enhance the work of the Judy Centers, and I look for-ward to working with Cheryl in her new capac-ity to advance the cause of early childhood health and wellness in Maryland’s Fifth Dis-trict. I hope my colleagues will join me in con-gratulating Cheryl DeAtley on all she has achieved in service to Maryland and wish her well in her next endeavors. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE FERNANDES FAMILY 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Fernandes Family on being nominated the 2017 Kings County Dairy Fam-ily of the Year. The Fernandes Family legacy began when Adao Fernandes immigrated from the Terceira Island of the Portuguese Azores to Tulare, California, in 1977 with dreams of owning a dairy. Once in the United States, Adao worked as a herdsman for Phillipe Ribeiro and Sons, a dairy in Tulare. In 1979, Adao met his wife, Maria Osvalda Avila, who also immigrated from the Azores at a young age, at the Tulare County Fair. The couple married on June 21, 1981 in Tulare at Saint Aloysius Catholic Church. Mr. and Mrs. Fernandes spent the next nineteen years in Tulare, while Adao contin-ued to work at Phillipe Ribeiro and Sons dairy. In this time, the couple raised three children, Adam, Osvaldo, and Mark. Their eldest son, Adam Fernandes, was born on April 21, 1983. Adam and his wife, Christen, have two boys, Adam and John, and own a local small busi-ness, Lost Sock Laundromat. Osvaldo ‘‘Ozzie’’ Fernandes and his wife Katie have two chil-dren, Carsyn and Ella. Ozzie, recently made partner, works with his father on the dairy as a partner in the family business. The Fernandes’ youngest son, Mark, resides in Hanford, California, and is an employee for the County of Kings. In 1990, Adao Fernandes partnered with his brother in law, Arnold Avila. With the help of the Valadao Family, the partners established the Avila and Fernandes Dairy consisting of four hundred and fifty cows. In 1999, Adao and Arnold ended their partnership to each manage their own dairy, and Adao’s operation became known as the Fernandes Dairy. Adao Fernandes expanded his dairy to host approxi-mately 1,300 cows. In 2016, Fernandes Dairy received the Dairy Herd Improvement Associa-tion Lifetime Milk Award. This year, the Fernandes Family is being honored as the 2017 Kings County Dairy Cou-ple of the Year at the Kings County June Dairy Month Committee Dinner in Hanford, California. This award is given to prominent dairy families in the community. The Fernandes Family upholds the principles, re-sponsibility, and dedication this award stands for by successfully representing the dairy in-dustry. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the Fernandes Family for their influence in the dairy industry, and congratulating them on being Kings County Dairy Family of the Year. f 
GAGGING THE LAWYERS: CHINA’S CRACKDOWN ON HUMAN RIGHTS LAWYERS AND ITS IMPLICA-TIONS FOR U.S.-CHINA RELA-TIONS 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I made the following remarks at the hearing held by the Congressional-Executive Commission on China which I co-chair with Senator M
ARCO RUBIO regarding China’s crackdown on human rights lawyers: Chinese officials repeatedly tell me I should focus more on the positive aspects of China and not dwell so much on the negative. That is an extremely difficult task when you read the horrifying and sadistic accounts of torture and enforced disappearances experi-enced by lawyers and rights advocates. It is hard to be positive when you con-template Liu Xiaobo’s cancer diagnosis and the fact that China effectively silenced its most brilliant democracy advocate. The empty chair at Oslo speaks volumes about the Communist Party’s abiding fear that freedom will upend the power of the privileged few when they should be seeing liberty as a path to greater peace and prosperity. At a hearing last month in the Sub-committee on Global Human Rights in the House Foreign Affairs Committee, I heard tes-timony from the wives of five detained or dis-appeared human rights lawyers. These coura-geous women have become effective advo-cates from their husbands and for all those detained in the ‘‘709’’ crackdown. They described in horrifying detail the phys-ical, mental, and psychological torture experi-enced by their husbands, including marathon interrogation sessions, sleep deprivation, beat-ings, crippling leg torture, and prolonged sub-mersion in water. Many of their husbands also were forced to take alarming quantities of drugs including tranquilizers, barbiturates, antipsychotic drugs, and other unknown substances daily. What they described was shocking, offen-sive, immoral, and inhumane. It is also pos-sible that Chinese officials believe the inter-national community will not hold them ac-countable. After the hearing, I wrote to the heads of the American Medical Association, the American Psychological Association, the World Health Organization, as well as to Secretary of State Tillerson and Ambassador Nikki Haley. I have asked for condemnation of the prac-tice of torture and medical experimentation on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JN8.052 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE938 June 29, 2017 
prisoners of conscience. I have also asked for investigations so that serious questions will be asked of the Chinese government. Finally, I have asked for accountability. I have urged Secretary Tillerson to start inves-tigations under the Global Magnitsky Act, a bill that I lead on the House side last year, so that any Chinese government officials complicit in torture should never be allowed to benefit from entry to the U.S. or access to our financial system. The issues of torture and ‘‘residential sur-veillance in a designated location’’—effectively enforced disappearances—will be priorities of mine and of this Commission moving forward. I believe these are issues where diverse and multi-level coalitions can be built to raise issues with the Chinese government. I would also like to do more to prioritize the protection of human rights lawyers and their families. At the hearing last month I heard the phrase ‘‘The War on Law’’ used to describe the sys-tematic effort to eviscerate the network of human rights lawyers. That phrase struck me because, though the number of human rights lawyers in China is small, what they stand for was nothing less than the rule of law for everyone—particularly those persecuted or aggrieved by the Com-munist Party. They stand for the right of everyone in China—religious believers, ethnic minority, pe-titioners, labor activists, or victim of corruption or a barbaric population control policies—to have a fair hearing, due process, and a justice that is not politicized. The Communist Party sees this as a dan-gerous idea. It means that they should be ac-countable to the people—to hundreds of mil-lions of people in fact seeking redress for per-secution and Party corruption. Xi Jinping is feted in Davos for his commit-ments to openness and the rule of law, but it is rule of law for the few and privileged and rule by law for the rest. The failure to implement the rule of law, to favor a type of lawlessness in the pursuit of keeping the Communist Party in power, has serious and lasting implications for U.S.-China relations. We must recognize, after the failure of two and a half decades of the engagement poli-cies, that China’s domestic repression drives its external aggression, its mercantilist trade policies, and its unimaginable decisions to keep propping up a murderous North Korean regime. I know the Chinese government wants me to focus on positive things. I think one positive development here is that the spouses (and families) of rights advocates and lawyers have given Beijing a rightly deserved headache. They have refused to be silent about their spouse’s detentions or disappearances and have used the Internet and media to get out their message. This trend is something new, something dif-ferent, something we need to honor because they are under great pressure to be silent— through intimidation, harassment, and deten-tion. I want to say to our witness Chongyu (CHONG–YOU) that we appreciate your testi-mony here today and the fact that you are speaking out on behalf of your father. We want you to know that this Commission is an advocate for you, your family, and your father. If you or your family face reprisals because of your testimony here today, the Congress will take it as a personal affront to the work of this body. I know your petition has gathered 94,000 signatures, please make sure that my name is 94,001. The one thing that gives me hope is that the people of China long for liberty, justice and opportunity. The need for principled and consistent American leadership is more important than ever, as China’s growing economic power, and persistent diplomatic efforts, have suc-ceeded in dampening global criticism of its es-calating repression and failures to adhere to universal standards. The U.S. must be a beacon of liberty and a champion of individual rights and freedoms. The U.S. must also continue to be a voice for those silenced, jailed, or repressed in China. We cannot . . . will not . . . forget those in China bravely seeking liberty and justice and the unalienable rights we all share. Like Chi-na’s human rights lawyers—and like Liu Xiaobo—those who bravely seek peaceful change in China. It is their stand for liberty, human rights, and the rule of law that remain the best hope for a peaceful and prosperous future for the U.S. and China. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MACKENZIE GORE AS 2016–17 GATORADE NORTH CAROLINA BASEBALL PLAYER OF THE YEAR 
HON. DAVID ROUZER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I’m proud to say that North Carolina is home to many great stu-dent athletes that serve as community role models. One prime example is MacKenzie Gore who graduated from Whiteville High School this month and has been named the 2017 Gatorade North Carolina Baseball Player of the Year. And, not only that, he was just re-cently selected 3rd overall in the Major League Baseball draft by the San Diego Pa-dres! MacKenzie not only demonstrates athletic excellence, but also exemplary character and work ethic—the two primary traits necessary for great success. Very few have achieved as much as early in life, and it’s the culmination of years of hard work and commitment. As with all who earn success, MacKenzie is blessed to have a big decision to make: go pro and play for the Padres or head to East Carolina University to play for the Pirates. Whatever MacKenzie decides, we are all proud of him and wish him the very best. 
f 
CELEBRATING IMMIGRANT HERITAGE MONTH 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition of Immigrant Heritage Month. The month of June is a time for us to cele-brate the people that have come to the United States to make a better life for themselves and their families. These individuals have come from all over the globe and play an inte-gral part in the development of our country. Since its founding, America has been a na-tion of immigrants. It is important that we ac-knowledge their contributions to our commu-nities and remember that it was the goals and dreams of immigrants that formed our great nation. I am honored to represent Central Washington, where our culture and economy are deeply enriched by our immigrant neigh-bors and friends. Please join me in honoring Immigrant Herit-age Month, as I continue to work to ensure opportunity and prosperity for immigrants in my district and across the country. f 
H. CON. RES. 67—LIU XIAOBO 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 29, 2017 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation, Mr. Speaker, and urge the House to pass this resolution. We need to signal the Congress’s unanimous support for Liu Xiaobo, and his wife Liu Xia, in this time of need. The news of Liu Xiaobo diagnosis with ter-minal liver cancer was a jarring shock to ev-eryone who admires this champion of freedom and democracy. Unfortunately, I have heard talk that the world has forgotten Liu Xiaobo. The Chinese state media says he is irrelevant. We must never forget this Va´clav Havel of China because his efforts to bring human rights and political reforms are so critical to the future of of U.S.-China relations. We must never forget his enduring contribu-tions—whether during the Tiananmen Mas-sacre where he helped save the lives of many students or with Charter 08—the treatise urg-ing political and legal reforms in China based on constitutional principles. For the past seven years, Members of Con-gress have repeatedly called on China to re-lease unconditionally Liu Xiaobo and Liu Xia. Today, we similarly ask that the Chinese government end this absurdity and its unjust and lawless treatment of these noble citi-zens—release them, allow them to freely meet with friends and family, and allow them to seek urgent medical care wherever they de-sire. In February 2010, I led a bipartisan group of lawmakers in nominating Liu Xiaobo for the Nobel Peace Prize, at the same time nomi-nating two other persecuted human rights ad-vocates, Chen Guangcheng and Gao Zhisheng, to be joint recipients of that most prestigious award. The Nobel Committee rightly awarded the Peace Prize to Liu Xiaobo for his ‘‘long and non-violent struggle for fundamental human rights in China.’’ I attended the Oslo ceremony at the invitation of the family—along with Leader P
ELOSI . It was a moving ceremony; the now famous empty chair spoke volumes about the Chinese Communist Party’s abiding fear that human rights and democracy will undermine its power. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29JN8.010 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE939 June 29, 2017 
I will always remember the moving words of Liu Xiaobo’s speech that day: ‘‘Freedom of expression is the foundation of human rights, the source of humanity, and the mother of truth. To strangle freedom of speech is to trample on human rights, stifle humanity, and suppress truth.’’ Chinese authorities have gone to great lengths to stifle Liu Xiaobo’s ability to speak truth to power. In 2009, Liu was given 11 years in prison for ‘‘inciting subversion of state power.’’ His wife Liu Xia was also detained in de facto form ‘‘house arrest’’ since 2010. Liu Xia also is in urgent need of medical care having been hospitalized for a heart condition. Over the past year, authorities have allowed her to visit her husband only on a very few occa-sions. According to Chinese authorities, Liu’s con-viction was based on Charter 08, a treatise signed by over 300 intellectuals and activists. That document states that freedom, equality, and human rights are universal values of hu-mankind, and that democracy and constitu-tional government are the fundamental frame-work for protecting these values. Sadly, Liu Xiaobo and Liu Xia are not alone in facing unjust repression. As of September 2017, the Congressional-Executive Commis-sion on China’’ (CECC) Political Prisoner Database, perhaps the most complete data-base of its kind in the world, contains informa-tion on 1,400 cases of known political or reli-gious prisoners. According to CECC’s Annual Report, the government of President Xi Jinping has en-gaged in an extraordinary assault on the rule of law, human rights, ethnic minority groups, and civil society in recent years. Under Xi’s leadership, the Chinese govern-ment has pushed through new laws and draft-ed legislation that would legitimize political, re-ligious, and ethnic repression, further curtail civil liberties, and expand censorship of the Internet. It is tempting to be pessimistic about Chi-na’s future and the future of U.S.-China rela-tions. I am not pessimistic, despite the cir-cumstance we consider here today. Constant repression has not dimmed the desires of the Chinese people for freedom and reform. I at-tribute this fact, in part, to Liu Xiaobo’s ideas and example. Nevertheless, the U.S. cannot be morally neutral or silent in the face of the Chinese government’s repression of fundamental free-doms. We must show leadership and resolve because only the U.S. has the power and prestige to stand up to China’s intransigence. The U.S. must not shy away from meeting with China’s other Nobel Laureate the Dalai Lama or other dissidents. We must use Con-gressionally-authorized sanctions to hold Chi-nese officials accountable for torture and gross abuses. We must connect Internet and press freedoms as both economic and human rights priorities. And we must demand, repeat-edly and clearly, that the unconditional release of political prisoners is in the interest of better U.S.-China relations. I believe that someday China will be free. Someday, the people of China will be able to enjoy all of their God-given rights. And a na-tion of free Chinese men and women will honor and celebrate. Liu Xiaobo as a hero. He will be honored along with all others like him who have sacrificed so much, and so long, for freedom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:31 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29JN8.057 E29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D724 Thursday, June 29, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3837–S3867 Measures Introduced: Forty-six bills and eight res-olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1472–1517, S. Res. 210–215, and S. Con. Res. 20–21. 
                                                                                    Pages S3857–59 
Measures Reported: H.R. 1029, to amend the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act to improve pesticide registration and other activities under the Act, to ex-tend and modify fee authorities, with amendments. 
                                                                                            Page S3857 
Measures Passed: Engrossment Correction: Senate agreed to S. Res. 210, to correct the engrossment of S. 722. 
                                                                                            Page S3842 
Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act— Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that the Secretary of the Senate be directed to request the return of papers for S. 722, to Provide Congressional Review and to Counter Ira-nian and Russian Governments’ Aggression, from the House of Representatives.
                             Page S3842 
Pro Forma Sessions—Agreement: A unanimous- consent agreement was reached providing that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn, to then convene for pro forma sessions only, with no business being conducted on the following dates and times and that following each pro forma session, the Senate adjourn until the next pro forma session: Monday, July 3, 2017, at 6 p.m.; and Thursday, July 6, 2017, at 9 a.m.; and that when the Senate adjourns on Thursday, July 6, 2017, it next convene at 3 p.m., on Monday, July 10, 2017.
           Page S3847 
Rao Nomination–Agreement: Senate continued consideration of the nomination of Neomi Rao, of the District of Columbia, to be Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget.
                       Pages S3837–42 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 59 yeas to 36 nays (Vote No. 155), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.                                                                  Page S3839 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, July 10, 2017, Senate resume consideration of the nomination, post-cloture; and that notwithstanding the provisions of Rule XXII, the post-cloture time on the nomination expire at 5:30 p.m.
          Page S3847 
Hagerty Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of William Francis Hagerty IV, of Tennessee, to be Ambassador to Japan.
                                                                       Pages S3846–47 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of David C. Nye, of Idaho, to be United States District Judge for the District of Idaho.
                                                                               Page S3847 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S3846 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that notwithstanding Rule XXII, it be in order to move to proceed to Executive Session to consider the nomination.
                                       Page S3846 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S3846 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Matthew P. Donovan, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of the Air Force. Ellen M. Lord, of Rhode Island, to be Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. Christopher Campbell, of California, to be an As-sistant Secretary of the Treasury. Peter B. Davidson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of Commerce. Robert L. Sumwalt III, of South Carolina, to be Chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board for a term of two years. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JN7.REC D29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D725 June 29, 2017 
Brenda Burman, of Arizona, to be Commissioner of Reclamation. Douglas W. Domenech, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary of the Interior. Jason Kearns, of Colorado, to be a Member of the United States International Trade Commission for the term expiring December 16, 2024. Luis E. Arreaga, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Guatemala. Krishna R. Urs, of Connecticut, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Peru. Jerome M. Adams, of Indiana, to be Medical Di-rector in the Regular Corps of the Public Health Service, subject to qualifications therefor as provided by law and regulations, and to be Surgeon General of the Public Health Service for a term of four years. Janet Dhillon, of Pennsylvania, to be a Member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission for a term expiring July 1, 2022. William J. Emanuel, of California, to be a Mem-ber of the National Labor Relations Board for the term of five years expiring August 27, 2021. Gerald W. Fauth, of Virginia, to be a Member of the National Mediation Board for a term expiring July 1, 2020. Joshua A. Deahl, of the District of Columbia, to be an Associate Judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals for the term of fifteen years. Susan M. Gordon, of Virginia, to be Principal Deputy Director of National Intelligence. Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Attorney General. Brendan Carr, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission for the re-mainder of the term expiring June 30, 2018. Brendan Carr, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Federal Communications Commission for a term of five years from July 1, 2018. Kay Bailey Hutchison, of Texas, to be United States Permanent Representative on the Council of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, with the rank and status of Ambassador. A routine list in the Foreign Service. 
                                                                                    Pages S3866–67 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3856 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3856 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S3837, S3857 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S3857 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3859–60 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3860–66 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S3856 Notices of Intent:                                                    Page S3866 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3842 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—155)
                                                                Page S3839 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 11 a.m. and ad-journed at 5:45 p.m., until 6 p.m. on Monday, July 3, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3847.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported the following busi-ness items: H.R.1029, to amend the Federal Insecticide, Fun-gicide, and Rodenticide Act to improve pesticide registration and other activities under the Act, to ex-tend and modify fee authorities, with amendments; and The nomination of J. Christopher Giancarlo, of New Jersey, to be Chairman of the Commodity Fu-tures Trading Commission. CONSERVATION AND FORESTRY IN THE FARM BILL Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine conservation and forestry, focusing on perspectives on the past and future direction for the 2018 Farm Bill, after re-ceiving testimony from Tom Tidwell, Chief, Forest Service, Jimmy Bramblett, Deputy Chief for Pro-grams, Natural Resources Conservation Service, and Misty Jones, Director, Conservation and Environ-mental Programs Division, Farm Service Agency, all of the Department of Agriculture; Steven Horning, Horning Farms, Watertown, South Dakota; Paul D. Dees, Delta Wildlife, Stoneville, Mississippi; Barbara Downey, Downey Ranch, Wamego, Kansas, on be-half of the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association; Adam Sharp, Ohio Farm Bureau Federation, Colum-bus, Ohio; Salem G. Saloom, American Forest Foun-dation and the National Wild Turkey Federation, Brewton, Alabama; Chuck Roady, F.H. Stoltze Land and Lumber Company, Columbia Falls, Montana, on behalf of the Federal Forest Resource Coalition; and Christopher Topik, The Nature Conservancy, Arling-ton, Virginia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JN7.REC D29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD726 June 29, 2017 
APPROPRIATIONS: NASA Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies con-cluded a hearing to examine proposed budget esti-mates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, after receiving testimony from Robert Lightfoot, Acting Administrator, National Aeronautics and Space Administration. APPROPRIATIONS: SENATE SERGEANT AT ARMS AND CAPITOL POLICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on the Legislative Branch concluded open and closed hear-ings to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2018 for the Senate Sergeant at Arms and the Capitol Police, after receiving testi-mony from Frank J. Larkin, Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper of the Senate; and Matthew R. Verderosa, Chief of Police, Capitol Police. HOUSING FINANCE REFORM Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine prin-ciples of housing finance reform, after receiving testi-mony from Edward J. DeMarco, Housing Policy Council of the Financial Services Roundtable, Silver Spring, Maryland; and David H. Stevens, Mortgage Bankers Association, and Michael D. Calhoun, Cen-ter for Responsible Lending, both of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 1405, to amend title 49, United States Code, to authorize appropriations for the Federal Aviation Administration, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 875, to require the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study and submit a re-port on filing requirements under the Universal Service Fund programs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 1426, to amend the Ted Stevens Olympic and Amateur Sports Act to expand the purposes of the corporation, to designate the United States Center for Safe Sport, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 1393, to streamline the process by which active duty military, reservists, and veterans receive com-mercial driver’s licenses; and The nominations of David P. Pekoske, of Mary-land, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, Robert L. Sumwalt III, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, and Derek Kan, of California, to be Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S. 1312, to prioritize the fight against human trafficking in the United States, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 1311, to provide assistance in abolishing human trafficking in the United States, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and The nomination of Stephen Elliott Boyd, of Ala-bama, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Depart-ment of Justice. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 58 pub-lic bills, H.R. 3104–3161; and 10 resolutions, H.J. Res. 107; H. Con. Res. 68; and H. Res. 422–429 were introduced.
                                                Pages H5373–77 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H5379–80 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Jody B. Hice (GA) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.                     Page H5299 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:51 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H5305 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Bishop Stephen E. Blaire, Diocese of Stockton, Stockton, CA.
                                         Page H5305 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JN7.REC D29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D727 June 29, 2017 
No Sanctuary for Criminals Act: The House passed H.R. 3003, to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to modify provisions relating to as-sistance by States, and political subdivision of States, in the enforcement of Federal immigration laws, by a yea-and-nay vote of 228 yeas to 195 nays, Roll No. 342.
                                             Pages H5316–33, H5353–55 
Rejected the Demings motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 181 yeas to 230 nays, Roll No. 341. 
                                                                Pages H5332–33, H5353–54 
H. Res. 414, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3003) was agreed to yesterday, June 28th. Kate’s Law: The House passed H.R. 3004, to amend section 276 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act relating to reentry of removed aliens, by a recorded vote of 257 ayes to 167 noes, Roll No. 344.
                                                       Pages H5333–53, H5355–56 
Rejected the Lofgren motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 193 yeas to 232 nays, Roll No. 343.
                  Pages H5352–53, H5355 
H. Res. 415, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3004) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 191 noes, Roll No. 340, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 235 yeas to 190 nays, Roll No. 339. 
                                                                                    Pages H5308–16 
Urging the Government of the People’s Republic of China to unconditionally release Liu Xiaobo, together with his wife Liu Xia, to allow them to freely meet with friends, family, and counsel and seek medical treatment wherever they desire: The House agreed to discharge from committee and agree to H. Con. Res. 67, urging the Government of the People’s Republic of China to unconditionally release Liu Xiaobo, together with his wife Liu Xia, to allow them to freely meet with friends, family, and counsel and seek medical treatment wherever they desire.
                                                                    Page H5356 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 11 a.m. on Monday, July 3rd.
                      Page H5356 
Senate Messages: Message received from the Senate and message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today ap-pears on pages H5308 and H5353. Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5315–16, H5316, H5353–54, H5354, H5355, and H5355–56. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:39 p.m. Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a markup on the Defense Appropriations Bill, FY 2018; and the Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill, FY 2018. The Defense Appropriations Bill, FY 2018; and the Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, were ordered reported, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies held a markup on the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2018. The Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government held a markup on the Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Bill, FY 2018. The Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 986, the ‘‘Tribal Labor Sovereignty Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2776, the ‘‘Workforce Democracy and Fairness Act’’; and H.R. 2775, the ‘‘Employee Privacy Protection Act’’. H.R. 986, H.R. 2776, and H.R. 2775 were ordered re-ported, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a markup on H.R. 767, the ‘‘SOAR to Health and Wellness Act of 2017’’; H.R. 880, the ‘‘MISSION ZERO Act’’; H.R. 931, the ‘‘Firefighter Cancer Registry Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2422, the ‘‘Action for Dental Health Act of 2017’’. H.R. 767, H.R. 880, H.R. 931, and H.R. 2422 were forwarded to the full committee, as amended. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Mid-dle East and North Africa held a markup on H. Res. 185, to call on the Government of Iran to fulfill re-peated promises of assistance in the case of Robert 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JN7.REC D29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD728 June 29, 2017 
Levinson, the longest held United States civilian in our Nation’s history; H. Res. 218, to recognize the importance of the United States-Israel economic rela-tionship and encouraging new areas of cooperation; H. Res. 274, to condemn the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of the International Cov-enants on Human Rights; H. Res. 317, to call for the unconditional release of United States citizens and legal permanent resident aliens being held for political purposes by the Government of Iran; H. Res. 359, to urge the European Union to designate Hizballah in its entirety as a terrorist organization and increase pressure on it and its members; and H.R. 2646, the ‘‘United States-Jordan Defense Co-operation Extension Act’’. H. Res. 218, H. Res. 274, and H. Res. 317 were forwarded to the full com-mittee, as amended. H. Res. 359, H.R. 2646, and H. Res. 185 were forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. RECENT TRENDS IN INTERNATIONAL ANTITRUST ENFORCEMENT Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing entitled ‘‘Recent Trends in International Antitrust Enforcement’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINING ACCESS TO OIL AND GAS DEVELOPMENT ON FEDERAL LANDS Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on En-ergy and Mineral Resources held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Access to Oil and Gas Development on Federal Lands’’. Testimony was heard from Katharine MacGregor, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Land and Minerals Management, Department of the Interior; Laura Nelson, Governor’s Energy Advisor, Utah Governor’s Office of Energy Development; and pub-lic witnesses. IN-SPACE PROPULSION: STRATEGIC CHOICES AND OPTIONS Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Space held a hearing entitled ‘‘In- Space Propulsion: Strategic Choices and Options’’. Testimony was heard from William Gerstenmaier, Associate Administrator, Human Exploration and Operations Directorate, National Aeronautics and Space Administration; Stephen Jurczyk, Associate Administrator, Space Technology Mission Direc-torate, National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion; and public witnesses. A REVIEW OF SBA’S 504/CDC LOAN PROGRAM Committee on Small Business: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘A Review of SBA’s 504/CDC Loan Program’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations held a hearing on H.R. 2006, the ‘‘VA Procurement Efficiency and Trans-parency Act’’; H.R. 2749, the ‘‘Protecting Business Opportunities for Veterans Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2781, the ‘‘Ensuring Veteran Enterprise Participa-tion in Strategic Sourcing Act’’; and legislation to improve the hiring, training, and efficiency of acqui-sition personnel and organizations of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. Testi-mony was heard from Thomas Burgess, Associate Deputy Assistant Secretary, Office of Logistics and Supply Chain Management, Department of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity held a hearing on H.R. 282, the ‘‘Military Residency Choice Act’’; H.R. 1690, the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Bonus Transparency Act’’; H.R. 2631, the ‘‘Justice for Servicemembers Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2772, the ‘‘SEA Act’’; legisla-tion to amend title 38, United States Code, to au-thorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for adaptations of residences of veterans in rehabilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes; and legislation to amend title 38, United States Code, to permit ap-praisers approved by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make appraisals for purposes of chapter 37 of such title based on inspections performed by third parties. Testimony was heard from Representatives Stefanik, Wittman, Tenney, Cicilline, and Taylor; Curtis L. Coy, Deputy Under Secretary for Economic Oppor-tunity, Veterans Benefits Administration, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. COMPLEXITIES AND CHALLENGES OF SOCIAL SECURITY COVERAGE AND PAYROLL TAX COMPLIANCE FOR STATE AND LOCAL GOVERNMENTS Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on So-cial Security; and Subcommittee on Oversight held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Complexities and Chal-lenges of Social Security Coverage and Payroll Tax Compliance for State and Local Governments’’. Testi-mony was heard from Marianna LaCanfora, Acting Deputy Commissioner, Office of Retirement and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JN7.REC D29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D729 June 29, 2017 
Disability Policy, Social Security Administration; Sunita Lough, Commissioner, Tax Exempt and Gov-ernment Entities Division, Internal Revenue Service; and a public witness. ONGOING INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ongoing Intelligence Activities’’. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS (For last listing of Public Laws, see D
AILY DI-
GEST, p. D701) S. 1083, to amend section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for stays during a period that the Merit Systems Protection Board lacks a quorum. Signed on June 27, 2017. (Public Law 115–42) f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, JULY 3, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29JN7.REC D29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD730 June 29, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 6 p.m., Monday, July 3 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 11 a.m., Monday, July 3 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 11 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E932 Blum, Rod, Iowa, E923 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E924, E936 Brooks, Susan W., Ind., E933 Budd, Ted, N.C., E925 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E922, E923 Calvert, Ken, Calif., E928 Carson, Andre´, Ind., E928 Castro, Joaquin, Tex., E930 Collins, Chris, N.Y., E927, E934 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E928 Conaway, K. Michael, Tex., E926 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E930 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E935 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E927 Duncan, John J., Jr., Tenn., E933 Dunn, Neal P., Fla., E927 Gibbs, Bob, Ohio, E929 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E935 Guthrie, Brett, Ky., E921 Hensarling, Jeb, Tex., E921 Hill, J. French, Ark., E925 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E923, E937 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E924, E936 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E932 Jordan, Jim, Ohio, E929 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E925, E931 Katko, John, N.Y., E924 Keating, William R., Mass., E926 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E921 Krishnamoorthi, Ill., E921 Marchant, Kenny, Tex., E932 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E926 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E928, E930 Mitchell, Paul, Mich., E929 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E931 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E935 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E938 Perry, Scott, Pa., E934 Poe, Ted, Tex., E924, E936 Posey, Bill, Fla., E932 Rouzer, David, N.C., E938 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E933 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E922 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E927 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E930 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E937, E938 Smith, Jason, Mo., E926 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E933 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E924 Valadao, David G., Calif., E922, E937 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E925, E935 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E931 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E929 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E923, E936 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:53 Jun 30, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D29JN7.REC D29JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST