Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H7891 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6, 2017 No. 161 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
EADOWS ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, October 6, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable M
ARK M
EADOWS to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER Reverend Phillip Ganir, S.J., Gon-zaga Jesuit Community, Washington, D.C., offered the following prayer: Loving God, source of all healing and hope, for the diverse people of this Na-tion we represent, thank You. For strength of mind and body, thank You. For the gift of freedom in our coun-try, thank You. Send Your spirit to guide our delib-erations this day. May this work bring greater justice, peace, and healing, es-pecially for those who suffer most. Align our work with the freedom which defines and sustains us; amidst competing priorities, give us wisdom to discern wisely; in the face of disagree-ment, ground us in civility; when dis-couragement looms, let a sense of humor remind us of our humanity; and when the goals for the common good seem distant, inspire passion within us to act courageously, always mindful that Your good gifts become more ap-parent when we seek unity and peace. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 4 of rule I, the following enrolled bill was signed by the Speaker on Thursday, October 5, 2017: H.R. 1117, to require the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Man-agement Agency to submit a report re-garding certain plans regarding assist-ance to applicants and grantees during the response to an emergency or dis-aster. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1117. An act to require the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency to submit a report regarding certain plans regarding assistance to appli-cants and grantees during the response to an emergency or disaster. f 
ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the House stands adjourned until noon on Tuesday, October 10, 2017. There was no objection. Thereupon (at 10 o’clock and 33 min-utes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, Octo-ber 10, 2017, at noon for morning-hour debate. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, 
2803. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-42, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, was taken from the Speak-er’s table, referred to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R UTHER -
FORD , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. R
ASKIN , and Mr. J OHNSON of Lou-isiana): H.R. 3989. A bill to amend the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978 to clarify and improve the procedures and account-ability for authorizing certain acquisitions of foreign intelligence, to extend title VII of such Act, to ensure that the barriers to shar-ing critical foreign intelligence among the intelligence community that existed before September 11, 2001, are not reimposed, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, Intel-ligence (Permanent Select), and Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah (for himself, Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Oct 06, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06OC7.000 H06OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7892 October 6, 2017 
GOSAR , Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. W
ESTERMAN ): H.R. 3990. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to reform the Antiquities Act of 1906, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 3991. A bill to amend section 303(g)(2) of the Controlled Substances Act to allow certain pharmacists to dispense narcotic drugs for maintenance or detoxification treatment pursuant to the same waiver pro-visions as apply with respect to nurse practi-tioners and physician assistants; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 3992. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to delay application of, transition to, and limit savings for the home health groupings model under the Medicare home health prospective payment system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mrs. RADEWAGEN (for herself, Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, and Mr. S
ABLAN ): H.R. 3993. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to include United States nationals among the eligible employees of an EB-5 commercial enterprise, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. TONKO (for himself and Mr. L
ANCE ): H.R. 3994. A bill to establish the Office of Internet Connectivity and Growth, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POLIS (for himself, Mr. P
OCAN , and Ms. P
INGREE ): H. Res. 561. A resolution commending the cooperative business model and the busi-nesses, employees, and practitioners nation-ally and internationally who use it for their contributions to the economy and social im-pacts they make on their communities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 3989. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Con-gress by that clause ‘‘to provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Con-gress by that clause ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Con-gress by that clause ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ Article III of the United States Constitu-tion, in that the legislation defines or affects powers of the Judiciary that are subject to legislation by Congress. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 3990. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 3991. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 3992. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 of the Con-stitution of the United States By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 3993. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TONKO: H.R. 3994. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause I, it provides Congress with the power to ‘‘lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Execises’’ in order to provide for t h e...general Welfare of the United States’’ f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 246: Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 273: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 392: Mr. F
ERGUSON and Ms. F RANKEL  of Florida. H.R. 442: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 669: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 681: Mr. F
LORES and Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 685: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 719: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 741: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah and Mr. E STES of Kansas. H.R. 799: Mr. T
URNER , Mr. K USTOFF of Ten- nessee, and Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 821: Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S ERRANO , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 849: Mr. C
APUANO and Mrs. H ARTZLER . H.R. 1046: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 1078: Mr. M
CEACHIN , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S OTO, Ms. M ENG, Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. C OSTA , and Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD . H.R. 1124: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 1276: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. P IN-
GREE , Mr. M CEACHIN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. C RIST, and Ms. H ANABUSA . H.R. 1377: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 1464: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1516: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 1587: Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1697: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1815: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 2029: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2133: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 2309: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 2340: Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 2401: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 2404: Ms. L
EE, Ms. N ORTON , and Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 2631: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 2633: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 2670: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 2690: Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, and Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 2747: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 2790: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2859: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2936: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 2996: Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. D A-
VIDSON , Mr. F ERGUSON , Mr. P ALAZZO , and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 3238: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 3248: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 3312: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. R
OSS, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. D UNN, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. G RAVES of Geor- gia, and Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 3617: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3632: Mr. H
URD and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 3641: Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. H
IMES, Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mrs. B LACK . H.R. 3660: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3666: Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 3730: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 3759: Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. S
TIVERS , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 3814: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 3845: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 3878: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 3947: Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. W ILSON of Flor- ida, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. R
ICHMOND , and Mr. O’R OURKE . H. Con. Res. 57: Mr. S
IRES. H. Res. 283: Mr. S
UOZZI . H. Res. 307: Mr. M
ESSER . H. Res. 367: Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H. Res. 495: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H. Res. 529: Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. K IND, and Ms. M
CCOLLUM . f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Member added his name to the following discharge peti-tion: 
Petition 3 by Mr. GARRETT on House Res-olution 458: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:43 Oct 06, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06OC7.100 H06OCPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6377 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 6, 2017 No. 161 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10:30 and 5 seconds a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable J
OHN BOOZMAN , a Senator from the State of Arkansas. 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The bill clerk read the following let-ter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, October 6, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable J
OHNBOOZMAN , a Sen- ator from the State of Arkansas, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. BOOZMAN thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 2017, AT 9:15 A.M. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 9:15 a.m. on Tuesday, October 10, 2017. Thereupon, the Senate, at 10:30 and 40 seconds a.m., adjourned until Tuesday, October 10, 2017, at 9:15 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:36 Oct 06, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06OC6.000 S06OCPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1339 October 6, 2017 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 4, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 71) establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appro-priate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027: 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Chair, I include in the R
ECORD letters from: NAACP, National Committee to Preserve Social Secu-rity & Medicare, NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice, and the National Association for Equal Opportunity in Higher Education (NAFEO). 
WASHINGTON BUREAU —NATIONAL  A
SSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCE -
MENT OF COLORED PEOPLE , Washington, DC, October 2, 2017. Re NAACP strong support for the Congres-sional Black Caucus alternative budget proposal. M
EMBERS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the NAACP, our nation’s oldest, largest and most widely-recognized grassroots-based civil rights organization, I strongly urge you to support the alternative budget proposal as put forth by the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) later this week as you consider the budget resolutions for FY 2018. The CBC Al-ternative Budget responsibly reduces the def-icit and at the same time alleviates harm which has been inflicted by the recent aus-terity measures in a responsible and fiscally sound manner. Furthermore, it proposes sig-nificant investments to accelerate our eco-nomic recovery and ensures that our recov-ery is felt in every community, every state and every Congressional District in America. A nation’s budget is perhaps the best re-flection of the priorities, moral values and the beliefs of its citizens. Our country, for all its assets and riches is facing some crucial problems. No community is free from chal-lenges, including hunger, homeless ness, un-employment, substandard education, crime, a crumbling infrastructure, and home fore-closures. Furthermore, there can be little de-bate that racial and ethnic minority Ameri-cans tend to be disparately affected by these challenges more than any other group. The federal budget cannot cure every di-lemma, but it can provide the American peo-ple with the tools to begin to address many of these ills. The CBC budget alternative pre-serves crucial social safety nets, including Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, SNAP and TANF and provides money for job cre-ating programs, health care, and veterans programs to help our returning soldiers as they reintegrate themselves and their fami-lies into American life. At the same time, the CBC budget alternative closes tax loop-holes and generates new income from those who can most afford to pay, thereby reduc-ing the deficit by $2.72 trillion over the next decade. Clearly, the CBC Budget alternative merits your serious consideration and I hope that after a careful review you will agree that it sets our nation on the proper course and es-tablishes our priorities as they should be. Thank you in advance for your attention to the NAACP position. Should you have any questions or comments, please do not hesi-tate to contact me. Sincerely, HILARY O. S HELTON , Director, NAACP Washington Bureau & Senior Vice Presi-dent for Advocacy and Policy. 
NATIONAL COMMITTEE TO PRESERVE  S
OCIAL SECURITY & M EDICARE , October 4, 2017. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the millions of members and supporters of the National Committee to Preserve Social Se-curity and Medicare, I urge you to oppose H. Con. Res. 71, the House Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Resolution and the Republican Study Committee budget. Instead, I ask you to sup-port the Democratic Caucus, Congressional Progressive Caucus and Congressional Black Caucus budgets. 
OPPOSE H . CON. RES. 71, THE HOUSE FISCAL  
YEAR 2018 BUDGET RESOLUTION  The committee-passed budget resolution would slash funding to Medicare and Med-icaid, repeal the Affordable Care Act and make it easier for Congress to cut Social Se-curity—all to pay for massive tax cuts for the very wealthy and profitable corpora-tions. The House budget calls for fast track pro-cedures designed to ram Social Security ben-efit cuts through Congress without public scrutiny. This is an undemocratic end run to enact widely unpopular proposals. Equally unpopular are proposals in the budget resolution to turn Medicare into a voucher or coupon program, raise the Medi-care eligibility age to 67 and make other modifications to the program that would in-crease beneficiary out-of-pocket costs. These harmful changes would cut Medicare by nearly $500 billion over ten years. These vouchers/coupons might not be enough to keep up with health care inflation and could force seniors to pay more for less coverage. Less coverage will mean higher out-of-pocket costs that most seniors cannot afford to pay—particularly when half of them have incomes less than $26,200 a year. Under coupon care, private insurers will de-sign their health plans to attract younger and healthier beneficiaries. This will drive up the costs of traditional Medicare and force seniors into private plans that make it hard for them to choose their own doctors. The budget resolution’s plan to raise the Medicare eligibility age is a benefit cut. Al-though this proposal would save money for the federal government, it would increase system-wide health spending by boosting costs for everyone else, including 65 and 66 years olds who would have to buy private in-surance, which—unlike Medicare—can be age rated. H. Con. Res. 71 assumes savings from rede-signing the Medicare benefit by combining the Part A and Part B deductibles and mak-ing changes to supplemental insurance (Medigap) policies, changes that would likely increase costs for people with Medigap poli-cies. The measure would also expand income- related premiums under Medicare Parts B and D until 25 percent of beneficiaries are subject to these premiums. A Kaiser Family Foundation study found that this proposal would affect individuals with incomes equiv-alent to $45,600 for an individual and $91,300 for a couple in 2013. The budget resolution ends the commit-ment Medicaid provides by turning it into block grants subject to per capita caps that will not grow with the needs of the popu-lation. You and your colleagues need only look at what is happening in Puerto Rico to see how their block granted Medicaid pro-gram has compromised the delivery of health care in an emergency. Middle class Americans often rely on Med-icaid for long-term services and supports when they exhaust their savings. Nearly two- thirds of all nursing home residents’ care is financed in part by Medicaid. In addition, Medicaid provides home and community- based services that allow seniors to stay in their homes. There is no way to cut Medicaid by a trillion dollars without limiting seniors’ access to long term care services. SUPPORT THE DEMOCRATIC CAUCUS , CONGRES -
SIONAL PROGRESSIVE CAUCUS AND CONGRES -
SIONAL BLACK CAUCUS BUDGETS  In sharp contrast to the committee-passed budget resolution are the alternative budg-ets to be offered as substitute amendments by the Democratic Caucus, Congressional Progressive Caucus (CPC) and Congressional Black Caucus (CBC). The National Com-mittee supports these budgets because they address the country’s economic concerns without asking vulnerable Americans who depend on Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid to contribute significantly more than the wealthiest one percent. The Democratic Caucus budget includes provisions requiring drug manufacturers to provide rebates for drugs used by those du-ally eligible for Medicare and Medicaid and builds on the improved Medicare efficiencies included in the Affordable Care Act (ACA). Similarly, the Progressive Caucus budget would allow Medicare to negotiate prescrip-tion drug prices and would eliminate a loop-hole some use to avoid paying their share of Medicare payroll taxes. The Democratic, Progressive and Black Caucuses’ budgets continue the investment made in the ACA to expand Medicaid in the states, helping peo-ple with modest incomes purchase health in-surance. The National Committee commends the Progressive Caucus for proposing to signifi-cantly strengthen Social Security’s financial condition by raising the payroll tax cap on wages. We also support the CBC and CPC plan that helps protect seniors against the disproportionate amount they spend on health care by using a more accurate Con-sumer Price Index to set Social Security cost-of-living adjustments (COLA). In addi-tion, we endorse the CPC proposal to offer Social Security credits to caregivers of chil-dren and elderly family members. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Oct 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06OC8.001 E06OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1340 October 6, 2017 
OPPOSE THE REPUBLICAN STUDY COMMITTEE  
BUDGET  Conversely, we oppose the Republican Study Committee (RSC) budget’s proposal to adopt the ‘‘chained’’ CPI to calculate COLAs. The chained CPI would cut projected bene-fits for the oldest and most vulnerable Amer-icans who would be least able to afford it. We also oppose plans in the RSC substitute to increase the Medicare eligibility age and the Social Security full retirement age to 69. Contrary to popular belief, not everyone is living longer or is able to work into their 70s. For example, a 2015 study by the Na-tional Academy of Sciences found that for men born in 1960, those in the top income quintile could expect to live 12.7 years longer than men in the bottom income quintile. But even for Americans who can work longer, raising the Medicare eligibility age and So-cial Security retirement age are benefit cuts. Like H. Con. Res. 71, the RSC budget would repeal the ACA and increase beneficiary out- of-pocket costs by privatizing Medicare, re-structuring the program and expanding in-come-related premiums. With so many major challenges facing our country, why do the authors of the House budget resolution and the RSC budget insist on fixing what is not broken? The answer is simple. They need to cut working and mid-dle-class programs to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy and profitable corporations. That’s why we urge all Representatives to oppose these ‘‘Robin Hood-in-Reverse’’ budg-ets and instead protect the retirement and health security commitments made to gen-erations of Americans by supporting the Democratic Caucus, CPC and CBC budget al-ternatives. Sincerely, M
AXRICHTMAN , President and CEO. 
NETWORK L OBBY FOR  C
ATHOLIC SOCIAL JUSTICE , Washington, DC. S
TATEMENT OF SUPPORT FOR THE CONGRES -
SIONAL BLACK CAUCUS FY2018 A LTERNATIVE  B
UDGET  NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Jus-tice strongly supports the Congressional Black Caucus (CBC) FY 2018 Alternative Budget. This faithful budget prioritizes the needs of our country’s most vulnerable, pro-tects vital safety net programs and closes tax loopholes for the wealthy who inten-tionally avoid ‘‘paying unto Caesar what is Caesar’s.’’ (Matthew 22:21) The CBC Budget Alternative reflects its commitment to investing in programs and policies that will support working Americans and help our nation prosper. The CBC budget rightly begins with revenue, ensuring sup-port for programs necessary for the long- term growth and development of our nation. NETWORK continuously states that ALL, especially the wealthiest and corporations must provide their fair share of support for our nation. ‘‘. . . from the one to whom much has been entrusted, even more will be demanded.’’ (Luke 12:48) Much of our national infrastructure is out-dated and dilapidated. Roads are crumbling; hundreds of bridges have been designated as unsafe. This budget invests in these and other public structures. It also invests in housing for all levels of low-wage workers through investments in programs such as Public Housing Recapitalization and the na-tional Housing Trust Fund. These would be decimated by the cuts proposed in the Re-publican Budget. NETWORK sees housing as a priority for mending the gaps in our soci-ety. Pope Francis, when addressing Congress in September, 2015 said: ‘‘We can find no so-cial or moral justification, no justification, no justification whatsoever, for lack of hous-ing.’’ Despite a lack of support from the public, Republicans in Congress continue their at-tacks on the Affordable Care Act. The Con-gressional Black Caucus’s move to protect and strengthen the Affordable Care Act and ensure universal health care for all is in line with NETWORK’s advocacy for quality, af-fordable, accessible healthcare. We know it is especially crucial to eliminate our na-tion’s troubling racial and economic dispari-ties in healthcare, which is a problem being addressed by the CBC Budget’s healthcare proposals. The Congressional Black Caucus budget protects social safety net programs, which NETWORK knows are essential to sup-porting families and communities. For both the CBC and NETWORK, ensuring the health of programs such as nutrition assistance, school meals, affordable child care, and more are critical. We strongly oppose putting the reduction or eliminations of safety net pro-grams, SNAP in particular, on the chopping block as the Republican budget does. One expense pushing both young adults and elders into poverty is the costs of college and repayment of college loans. Education is so necessary for young people, and for all who are retraining to meet the demands of our changing workforce. We strongly support the CBC budget’s investment in education for the next generation, a stark contrast to the Republican budget which guts the Pell Grant program and eliminates many job-training programs. Changes to Pell Grants and job- training programs make it difficult for peo-ple to develop the skills to contribute to so-ciety to their full potential. The tax credits most effective in helping low- and middle-wage households move out of poverty are the refundable Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) and the Child Tax Credits (CTC). Working families deserve to live in dignity! These tax credits are minimal com-pared to the tax benefits for the wealthiest households and corporations which would balloon in the Republican budget. It is unac-ceptable to provide further gains to those who are already receiving the greatest ‘‘wel-fare benefits’’ through existing tax breaks. The CBC budget proposes beneficial im-provements to retirement security. Unfortu-nately, Republican leaders do not agree and one of the mandatory programs at risk in the Republican budget is Social Security. Social Security is a program with obvious and just means of being strengthened. Lift-ing the ceiling on income subject to the em-ployment tax by a few thousand dollars would keep Social Security viable indefi-nitely. Using the Consumer Price Index for the Elderly (CPI–E) would also create a more just cost-of-living for seniors, as it takes into account the types of expenses the elder-ly face. The Congressional Black Caucus Budget is a morally and fiscally responsible alter-native to the Republican Budget. The CBC budget provides necessary expenditures and revenues, while reducing the deficit by ap-proximately $2.5 trillion over 10 years. NET-WORK Lobby for Catholic Social Teaching is proud to support it. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOREQUAL  O
PPORTUNITY IN HIGHER EDUCATION , Washington, DC, October 4, 2017. Re Congressional Black Caucus Alternative Budget for Fiscal Year 2018. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : I am writing as the CEO of the National Association for Equal Opportunity in Higher Education (NAFEO), the only 501(c)(3), tax exempt membership association representing the nation’s His-torically Black Universities (HBCUs) and emerging Predominantly Black Institutions (PBIs) and the 700,000 student enrollees, 72,000 faculty, and roughly 7 million alumni associated with these institutions. Today, NAFEO represents 106 public and private HBCUs and 50 PBIs in 35 states, the District of Columbia and U.S. Virgin Islands. I am writing in support of the Congressional Black Caucus Alternative Budget for Fiscal Year 2018 (‘‘CBC Budget’’). The CBC Budget calls for fiscally sound and morally conscien-tious revenue and savings, new investments, and net deficit reduction. We urge you to support the CBC Budget which recommends a fair tax code that will allow Congress to re-invest in communities, such as infrastruc-ture and school modernization, energy infra-structure and broadband access, adult and youth job programs, neighborhood revitaliza-tion, and a package that protects the safety net and helps to eradicate poverty. Also, the CBC Budget includes aid for those areas rav-aged by the recent Hurricanes. NAFEO sup-ports the entire budget, and we highlight certain sections below: ACCESS TO HIGHER EDUCATION  NAFEO supports the CBC Budget rec-ommendations to increase access to high quality education and make college more af-fordable. NAFEO, the only membership asso-ciation of its kind, was founded by the presi-dents and chancellors of HBCUs and PBIs to represent the issues and interests of these richly diverse public, private and land-grant, two- and four-year, graduate and profes-sional, historically and predominantly black colleges and universities. The organization provides an international voice for the na-tion’s HBCUs and other equal educational opportunity institutions; advocates for poli-cies, programs and practices to preserve and enhance HBCUs; and increases the active participation of underrepresented minorities in higher education and in the formulation and implementation of policies and programs in American higher education. The CBC Budget would fully fund the Every Student Succeeds Act, and the 2015 reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, and invest in increasing access to high-er education and HBCUs. It would further provide affordable pathways for students, by providing grants, reducing interest rates, and increasing Pell Grant awards. 
INFRASTRUCTURE AND COMMUNIVERSITIES  NAFEO supports the CBC Budget rec-ommendations to ensure targeted invest-ments for our most vulnerable communities. NAFEO endorses the CBC Budget rec-ommendation to rebuild our nation’s infra-structure and reinvest in our communities. NAFEO supports a $1 trillion infrastructure rebuilding proposal, especially one that places HBCUs at its epicenter, because of their unique strategic locations, mostly in the areas in which the roads, bridges, water-ways, airports and other infrastructure serve as the gateways to American commerce, and because HBCUs are graduating dispropor-tionate percentages of the growing popu-lations in America who are receiving degrees in the sciences, technology, engineering, mathematics, architecture, urban and rural planning, and other critical education and training required to improve our infrastruc-ture. HBCUs also possess faculty, staff, stu-dents, goods, services, and promising prac-tices, position them well to drive the new in-frastructure initiative, the revitalizing of urban and rural America, the economic stim-ulus and STEAM agendas. Indeed, some HBCUs are serving as ‘‘Communiversities’’— the epicenters for the revitalization of urban 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Oct 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06OC8.001 E06OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1341 October 6, 2017 
and rural America for shoring up infrastruc-tures; energizing communities; seeding intel-lectual, scientific, technological, and eco-nomic capital; and ensuring healthy, sus-tainable, communities. 
HURRICANE SUPPORT  NAFEO supports the CBC Budget rec-ommendation to provide a $200 billion down payment to aid victims of recent hurricanes. As noted above, NAFEO represents 106 HBCUs including the University of the Vir-gin Islands (‘‘UVI’’). The UVI President, Dr. David Hall, has shared that the University has endured tremendous challenges associ-ated with the recent hurricanes, and is in dire need of operating funds. Dr. Hall writes ‘‘Due to the problems the Territory is facing as a result of the two [now three] hurricanes, and their financial impact, the monthly al-lotments to the University ha[ve] not been received. We receive approximately $2.6 mil-lion each month from the local government and without those funds we will cease to op-erate. We are resuming classes on October 9th and the University will need to pay its employees and address other critical needs. Federal funding specifically earmarked to the University to operate would be ex-tremely helpful and valuable.’’ Representative, we need your leadership to ensure that our nation’s budget reflects our priorities and especially the needs of our stu-dents. The CBC Budget focuses on meeting the needs of our nation. We look forward to working with members of Congress to ad-vance a budget that reflective of what we need and deserve. Sincerely, L
EZLI BASKERVILLE , President & CEO. f 
CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ELIJAH E. CUMMINGS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, October 4, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 71) establishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appro-priate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027: 
Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Chair, as the Ranking Member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, I strongly oppose House Concurrent Resolution 71. This Budget Resolution would direct the Oversight Committee to identify a minimum of $32 billion in savings over ten years. Only two of the other 11 authorizing commit-tees would be instructed to make more drastic cuts to federal programs—the Ways and Means Committee would have to identify at least $52 billion and the Judiciary Committee would have to identify at least $45 billion in cuts. Once again, House Republicans are tar-geting middle class civil service workers and their pensions for massive reductions. The Republican Budget would require fed-eral workers to contribute significantly more to their pension plans than they do now. It would also end the retirement supplement for employees like law enforcement officers who are required by law to retire before reach-ing eligibility age for Social Security benefits. It would also eliminate pensions altogether for new hires. This Budget Resolution would slash the fed-eral workforce by 10 percent through attrition in certain agencies by limiting agencies to one new hire for every three employees who leave. I am utterly dismayed at the relentless Re-publican attacks on middle class federal work-ers without any real consideration of what they do every single day for the American people. Over the past several years, Republicans in Congress have cut federal employee com-pensation and retirement benefits for a total of nearly $200 billion in order to pay for deficit reduction and other government programs. The argument that federal workers must sacrifice for the good of the country might have made some sense when the country was struggling during the Great Recession, and they did sacrifice. But it makes much less sense now that our economy is recovering and the wage gains made by private sector workers are far out-stripping those of workers who commit their lives to public service. The argument that federal workers must be continually forced to sacrifice for deficit reduc-tion also loses its strength when House Re-publicans are trying to give tax cuts to the wealthy without paying for it. The Republican tax package would add $2.4 trillion to the deficit over 10 years, and 80 percent of tax cuts would benefit the top 1 percent of Americans, who earn at least $900,000. While the wealthiest in our country would re-ceive the vast majority of tax cuts, one third of middle class families making between $50,000 and $150,000 would see their taxes increase. Many of these middle class families are fed-eral workers who dedicate their lives to serv-ing the American people. It is unfair and uncompassionate to treat our civil servants in this way. These are the men and women who aided in the rescue and recovery efforts as Hurri-canes Harvey, Irma, and Maria tore through Texas, Louisiana, the Southeast, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands. More than 32,000 federal employees were involved in helping families trapped in the storms. They include: disaster response teams from the Federal Emergency Management Agency; U.S. Army Corps of Engineers who provided temporary power and roofing, debris removal, and infrastructure assessment; National Guard soldiers and airmen who delivered food and water to survivors and cleared debris to open roads; Department of Energy personnel who ensured that fuel was available in impacted areas; Public Health Service officers who pro-vided healthcare, including dialysis services to those in need; Members of the U.S. Coast Guard who helped ensure the delivery of relief supplies; and Agriculture Department employ-ees who provided food to schools, shelters, and disaster organizations. Rather than targeting and penalizing these brave and selfless public servants, Congress must do a better job at showing how much we appreciate their efforts. I urge my colleagues to vote against House Concurrent Resolution 71. HONORING BOULTER INDUSTRIAL CONTRACTORS HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable achievement—the 125th anniversary of Boulter Industrial Con-tractors located in Webster, New York. Found-ed in 1892 by Thomas Boulter, the company started by delivering coal and ice by horse drawn wagons and is now Western New York’s premier mover of heavy machinery for manufacturing and infrastructure projects. Even though decades have passed since those starting days, the company still displays their original wagons in remarkable condition as a reminder of how far they have come. The growth of Boulter Industrial Contractors as a family-run business is a true success story in American entrepreneurship. Under the leadership of President and CEO William S. Boulter, a fifth-generation member of the Boul-ter family, and their hard-working employees the company is proudly carrying on Thomas Boulter’s legacy. Congress should never lose sight of companies like this. That’s why a flag that has flown over the U.S. Capitol flies over Boulter today. I congratulate the Boulter family and its employees, several of which are vet-erans. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF RACHELLE D
EANNE O’NEIL 
HON. JOHN LEWIS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Ms. Rachelle O’Neil, who served as a constituent services representative in my District Office for 15 years. A Houston native who is proud of her Ragin’-Cajun roots, Rachelle is one of eight children born to the late Audrey Ann Colbert- O’Neil and George O’Neil, Sr. Her loving par-ents instilled a passion for education that in-spires Ms. O’Neil to this day. In fact, Mr. Speaker, she recently graduated magna cum laude with master’s degree in public adminis-tration from the University of Texas at Arling-ton. While earning undergraduate degrees from the University of Houston in psychology and political science, Ms. O’Neil won the Mickey Leland Congressional Internship opportunity, which brought her to the U.S. Capitol where she worked in former Representative Carrie P. Meek’s (D–FL) congressional office. The expe-rience, which included meeting President Bill Clinton, cemented her passion in working on the behalf of the American people. Within a few years of relocating to Atlanta, Ms. O’Neil joined my congressional staff, and Mr. Speaker, please trust me when I say that she hit the ground running. Rachelle assists constituents with judiciary, education, health, Social Security, child welfare, and transpor-tation matters, and she is a tireless advocate for women and girls. Mr. Speaker, few people can match her passionate, fierce pursuit of justice and equity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Oct 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06OC8.002 E06OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1342 October 6, 2017 
Over the years, Ms. O’Neil developed innu-merable constituent service programs and ini-tiatives, but perhaps none as personal as those that focus on future generations. In-spired by her time caring for Daniel, Princess, Annquenette, and TyRochelle, the children of her late twin sister, Michelle, Rachelle devel-oped our office’s Youth Council that sought to develop and engage young leaders in Metro Atlanta. In her personal time, Ms. O’Neil puts family and service first—caring for her nieces, neph-ews, and mentees in the Through Their I’s Mentoring Program, the Motherless Daughters Foundation, the Hank Stewart Foundation, and Source of Support. She also manages to make friends during her world travels and pur-sue exciting adventures like skydiving, white water rafting, and zip lining. Mr. Speaker, when I look at Rachelle O’Neil, I see the spirit of Barbara Jordan and the fire of Shirley Chisholm. I am so proud to have her on my team, and I thank her for the many years of tireless service to our office and Georgia’s Fifth Congressional District. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. CONSTANCE HADDELAND, 2017 RECIPIENT OF THE PATRICK HENRY AWARD 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, it is my privi-lege to recognize Ms. Constance Haddeland, a 2017 recipient of the Patrick Henry Award from the National Guard Association of the United States, which honors local civic leaders who have distinguished themselves with out-standing and exceptional service to the Armed Forces of the United States and the National Guard. ‘‘Connie’’ as we know her is a Con-stituent Services Representative in my Saint Paul, Minnesota office. She was nominated for this recognition by MG Richard C. Nash, Min-nesota National Guard Adjutant General, who presented this award to her this week at the 133rd Airlift Wing in Minnesota. For more than 10 years Connie has exem-plified a wholehearted commitment to the well- being of Minnesota service members, veterans and their families. Her efforts have resulted in quality of life benefits for National Guard mem-bers and Reservists, improved services to vet-erans and all Armed Forces Service Members serving in Minnesota. First in 2010 and again in 2012, Minnesota National Guard members returned home from deployments and found themselves without Post Deployment/Mobilization Respite Ab-sence Program (PDMRA) benefits and ‘‘bonus pay.’’ Connie spearheaded communication be-tween constituents and my office on this issue, providing updates to veteran service organiza-tions and other stakeholders, and working to ensure benefits parity for Guardsmen and Re-servists by correcting errors in the way the Department of Defense implemented this pro-gram. As coordinator for U.S. Service Academy nominations in the Fourth District, Connie has led an exemplary program, shepherding appli-cations from hundreds of students resulting in the nominations of scores of Minnesota’s best and brightest high school students to attend our nation’s prestigious service academies. Connie has touched the lives of hundreds of veterans, military personnel and their families in deep and meaningful ways through her thoughtful, patient and tireless advocacy on their behalf. Among the most poignant case-work successes include assisting the family of an ailing World War II veteran locate the serv-ice records necessary to award him the Bronze Star before he passed away. She also assisted a young soldier correct his military records, which allowed him to access GI Bill benefits to pursue a career in medicine and become a trauma surgeon. The National Guard Association of the United States Patrick Henry Award citation states it best: Connie Haddeland has distinguished herself by providing selfless and dedicated service to the Minnesota National Guard and the United States, by working long and tireless hours representing the members of the Na-tional Guard. Her steadfast professionalism, knowledge of Minnesota National Guard pri-orities, outreach efforts, and casework man-agement have significantly contributed to successful and meaningful legislation ad-vanced by Congresswoman McCollum on be-half of the men and women of the National Guard. Her dedicated service as a Con-stituent Services Representative and Service Academy Nominations Coordinator are in keeping with the finest traditions of the Na-tional Guard Association of the United States. 
Mr. Speaker, I could not agree more. Please join me in paying tribute to Ms. Connie Haddeland for her many past and future con-tributions to our veterans, servicemen and women and their families. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. SANCHEZ’S SERVICE 
HON. ANDY BIGGS 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Mr. Roberto Sanchez, a resident of Arizona’s Fifth Congressional District, who re-tired from 35 years of federal service on Sep-tember 29, 2017. Mr. Sanchez began his ca-reer by serving for three years as a proud member of the United States Marine Corps. He then joined the legacy U.S. Immigration & Naturalization Service in 1985 as a Deporta-tion Officer, which later became Immigration & Customs Enforcement (ICE) in 2003. In 2003, Mr. Sanchez became a deputized member of the United States Marshal’s Serv-ice Fugitive Apprehension Task Force for the Northern District of Florida and five years later, he was promoted to Supervisory Depor-tation Officer. He helped establish direct over-sight to the Harris County Sheriff’s Office 287(g) program in Houston, Texas. The 287(g) program enables federal immigration officials to work directly with state and local law en-forcement to identify and remove criminal ille-gal aliens. In 2010, Mr. Sanchez was promoted to his fmal position of 287(g) Field Program Manager for ICE, where he managed and provided oversight to various 287(g) programs through-out the southwestern United States. These 287(g) programs include Harris County Sher-iff’s Office in Houston, Texas, Las Vegas Met-ropolitan Police Department, the Pinal County Sheriff’s Office in Florence, Arizona, and the Mesa Police Department. He was last as-signed to the ICE Field Office in Phoenix, Ari-zona. Mr. Sanchez has been a resident of Gilbert, Arizona since 2007. Outside of the office, Mr. Sanchez is a loyal fan of all Arizona sports teams. Most importantly, he is a dedicated family man and spends most of his time with his wife of 36 years, Shirley, his two children, Robert and Sandra, and his two Boston Ter-riers. I thank Mr. Sanchez for his extraordinary service and life commitment to our country, and congratulations to him on his retirement. f 
CONGRATULATING SARATOGA COUNTY PROSPERITY PARTNER-SHIP’S SILVER EXCELLENCE IN ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT AWARD 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Saratoga County Prosperity Partnership for receiving a Silver Excellence in Economic Development award for its 8@8 e- Newsletter. Saratoga County Prosperity Partnership is the leading agency in advancing economic de-velopment in Saratoga County. The Saratoga Partnership sends out a biweekly e-Newsletter featuring the top eight news items affecting the Saratoga County economy. 8@8 provides important information to stakeholders in the community as a way of creating opportunities that benefit business in Saratoga County. To recognize this important service, the Inter-national Economic Development Council pre-sented the Silver Excellence award to the Saratoga Partnership at its annual conference held in late September. This award reflects the Saratoga Partnership’s commitment to building a business environment where all companies can succeed. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to congratulate the Saratoga County Pros-perity Partnership on its well-deserved award. We are grateful that the Saratoga Partnership can provide this informative e-Newsletter to the people of Saratoga County. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MS. CHRISTINE DAVIS 
HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to honor the life of a 7th District resi-dent, Ms. Christine Davis who made her tran-sition to be with the Lord on September 30, 2017. Christine Davis was born on December 20, 1934 in Bernie, Missouri to the union of Emmitt Davis and Carolyn Davis, both of whom preceded her in death. She was also preceded in death by her son Calvin Davis, brother Robert Davis and sister Darlene Armstread. Christine accepted the Lord Jesus Christ as her personal savior at an early age 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Oct 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06OC8.005 E06OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1343 October 6, 2017 
under the leadership of Pastor Jesse G. Wil-son of Bernie, Missouri. Later she joined Gar-den of Prayer Missionary Baptist Church— under the leadership of Pastor Johnnie Haynie. She was a proud member of the usher board and president of the Mother’s Board. Christine relocated to the West Side of Chi-cago in the 1950’s. She loved her church and was a committed servant in attending worship, until her health prevented her to do so. Chris-tine made sure her wisdom and knowledge was passed to her family. She did everything necessary to help them succeed in life. Chris-tine lived a long and rich life. She will be re-membered as a thoughtful, caring and gen-erous person, who will be greatly missed and loved forever. Christine was employed by various jobs and later retired as a caretaker after 20 years of service. She loved spending time with her family and her church family. She prepared many great meals at home, which were en-joyed by all. Her hobbies were cooking, sew-ing, reading and watching the Chicago Bulls. Ms. Davis leaves to cherish her memories; her sisters Juanita Price, Jean Davidson and Margaret Hawes, her three daughters Elaine Rasberry (Eugene), Tarnesha Hawkins (Stan-ley) and Lawana, nine grandchildren, eleven great-grandchildren and a host of nieces, nephews, family and friends. I have no doubt that Ms. Christine Davis lived a fulfilling life and will be missed by all because ‘‘the best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, not touched. But are felt in the heart.’’ Her family members are in my prayers, and it is my hope that her memory will give them comfort in the years to come. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE SERVICE OF RUTH RILEY 
HON. JOHN LEWIS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Ms. Ruth Riley, who served as my district scheduler for 16 years. It is hard to believe how quickly time passes, and throughout the years Ruth re-mains consistent and constant with a warmth and grace, which endears her to all. A daugh-ter of Ohio and a proud political science grad-uate of the University of Cincinnati, Ms. Riley moved to Atlanta to pursue a promising career in the private sector. In 2001, I invited her to join my Atlanta staff in the trusted position of serving as the district scheduler. As you well know, Mr. Speaker, scheduling is one of the most challenging and key posi-tions in any congressional office. This is espe-cially true in Georgia’s diverse and vibrant Fifth Congressional District. Every year, Ms. Riley works with me to review thousands of requests. In fact, there are more invitations for speeches, visits, and tours in Georgia’s Fifth Congressional District and the State of Geor-gia, than there are days in the year. It is never-ending work. Within our office, Ruth plays a critical role through a brand and perspective that is uniquely her own. As a result, many staff seek her counsel and comfort on difficult days. We all appreciate Ruth’s vibrant, work-life balance and love of life and art. Many know her appre-ciation of photography as a shutterbug enthu-siast, passion for beauty as a licensed esthetician, and commitment to service through the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. I know Ms. Riley’s family and friends play a critical role in supporting and shaping this dy-namic woman, and I personally believe the cherished memories of Ruth’s beloved grand-mother, Ms. V. Blondell Pryor, contribute to her work ethic and kindness. For these rea-sons, Mr. Speaker, I am particularly grateful to her family—especially her husband, James Preston Riley, Jr.; beautiful children—James Heru Thornton Riley, III, David Nkosi Erskine Riley, II, and Langston Amon Pryor Riley; and mother—Sandra Elizabeth Fletcher. Perhaps most importantly, Ms. Riley is a constant champion and advocate for each and every person; she treats everyone with a dis-tinct professionalism, courtesy, and compas-sion, which reflect her corporate experience and commitment to the principles of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.’s vision of the Beloved Com-munity. Ruth remains committed to protecting the principles of democracy and ensuring the access of the people to their elected rep-resentative. It is for these reasons that I thank Ms. Ruth Riley for her trust, service, and commitment to my office and the people we serve. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JACKY ROSEN 
OF NEVADA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, on October 5th, on Roll Call Votes 555, 556, and 557, I was not present because I was tending to my com-munity in Las Vegas, in the aftermath of the deadliest mass shooting in United States his-tory. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call vote 555, NAY on Roll Call vote 556, and NAY on Roll Call vote 557. 
f 
HONORING EDGAR BALLESTAS 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Edgar Ballestas, an extraordinary local photographer and winner of my 2017 cover photo challenge. Edgar’s image of the sun setting over the Rochester skyline is re-markable, and a testament to our city’s great beauty. Edgar is an English as a Second Language (ESOL) teacher for our local school district; and in his free time captures images through-out Rochester and Monroe County. His work often highlights our region’s proudest attrac-tions—the Susan B. Anthony and Frederick Douglass Memorial Bridge, the Upper Falls in Letchworth State Park and much, much more. His pictures have even been hung in galleries like Image City Photography in Rochester. We should never lose sight of the districts and the constituents we fight for every day. Edgar’s photograph is a tribute and a reminder of why I come to Congress and work so hard for Rochester and Monroe County. I congratu-late Edgar on his work and his achievement and thank him for his tremendous submission. f 
RECOGNIZING DR. CHRIS DOMES 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to today to recognize Dr. Chris Domes and congratu-late him on the occasion of his inauguration as the sixth president of Neumann University in Aston, PA. Dr. Domes succeeds my friend of many years Dr. Rosalie Mirenda, who served Neumann and our wider community for more than four decades. Neumann University is a well-respected Catholic institution founded with the mission of nurturing the intellectual and religious spirit of its students. Neumann opened its doors as Our Lady of Angels College in 1965, with the Sisters of Saint Francis of Philadelphia edu-cating 115 female students. In the years since, it has welcomed male students and changed its name to honor Saint John Neumann, the fourth Bishop of Philadelphia and a pioneer in Catholic education in the United States. Today, Neumann educates almost 3,000 stu-dents and nearly 14,000 alumni have bene-fitted from their Neumann education. It was at a school not unlike Neumann where Dr. Domes found both his Catholic faith and his love of teaching—St. Bonaventure University, in Upstate New York. Since then, he has devoted his life to scholarship and wor-ship. Dr. Domes is exceptionally qualified for this position. He has over 31 years of experience in education and most recently served as president of Silver Lake College in Wisconsin. In this capacity, Dr. Domes oversaw a 52 per-cent expansion of the school’s enrollment and a 64 percent increase in annual fundraising. He is a proven leader who will bring years of relevant experience to Neumann. I know Dr. Domes will fit well into the Neu-mann University family and will work to make it stronger. I also wish Dr. Mirenda the best as she moves on from her position as President, and I wish the Neumann community continued prosperity with Dr. Domes at the helm. 
f 
HONORING ST. SYMPHOROSA PAR-ISH ON ITS 90TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor St. Symphorosa Parish, an exemplary Roman Catholic Parish on the Southwest Side of Chicago, Illinois, which is celebrating its 90th anniversary. Founded in 1927, St. Symphorosa Parish has remained a steadfast beacon to our local community. Father J. Leo Sharp established this parish as a place of worship to serve the religious and social needs of the people of the Clearing neighborhood. To this day, the parish continues to espouse the same welcoming spirit as it has from the outset. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Oct 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06OC8.009 E06OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1344 October 6, 2017 
In the 90 years since Father Sharp presided over the first Mass at St. Symphorosa, suc-ceeding generations have come to worship at this parish. The church, located at 6135 South Austin, has arduously carried out its mission in faith and in service to its community. All wor-shippers at the parish have come together and worked towards the fulfillment of their faith and the betterment of their community. The hard work that the parish undertakes has not gone unnoticed by the local commu-nity. St. Symphorosa runs a special ministry for children and young adults with develop-mental disabilities, hosts local Boy Scout and Cub Scout troops and operates a chapter of the St. Vincent de Paul Society to give back to those in need. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing St. Symphorosa Parish and congratulate them as they celebrate their 90th anniversary. May St. Symphorosa continue their great work in the community, while inspir-ing others through their mission and faith. 
f 
REMEMBERING FANNIE LOU HAMER, COURAGEOUS AND TIRE-LESS FIGHTER FOR VOTING RIGHTS AND SOCIAL JUSTICE WHO SPOKE TRUTH TO POWER AND TOUCHED THE CONSCIENCE OF THE NATION 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the Congressional Black Cau-cus and a Co-Chair of the Congressional Vot-ing Rights Caucus, I rise in remembrance of Fannie Lou Hamer, a leading heroine of the Civil Rights Movement, a fearless fighter for voting rights and social justice who spoke truth to power and touched conscience of the na-tion. On this day, exactly 100 years ago, October 6, 1917, Fannie Lou Hamer was born in Mont-gomery County, Mississippi to Lou Ella and James Lee Townsend, the youngest of twenty children. Although she managed to complete several years of school, by adolescence Fannie Lou Hamer was picking hundreds of pounds of cot-ton a day. She would later meet and marry Perry Hamer, known as Pap, and work alongside him as sharecroppers at W.D. Marlow’s plan-tation near Ruleville, in Sunflower County, Mississippi. From these humble beginnings Fannie Lou Hamer would go on to become one of the iconic figures of the Civil Rights Movement that succeeded in bringing down the Jericho walls of de jure segregation and winning pas-sage of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, the greatest victory for civil rights and human dig-nity since the Emancipation Proclamation. Mr. Speaker, one of our proudest boasts as Americans is that ‘‘one person can make a dif-ference.’’ The life of Fannie Lou Hamer demonstrates that this is not an idle boast but a simple truth. Fannie Lou Hamer dedicated her life to the fight for civil rights, working for the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee, an orga-nization that engaged in acts of civil disobe-dience to fight racial segregation and injustice in the South. During the 1950s, when Fannie Lou Hamer was in her 30’s, she attended several annual conferences of the Regional Council of Negro Leadership (RCNL), a civil rights and self-help organization that ignited her passion for activ-ism. In 1962 Fannie Lou Hamer took up the call to try and register to vote in Mississippi, a state whose constitution and laws erected bar-riers such as poll taxes and literacy tests to disenfranchise African Americans. It was on the bus trip to Indianola, Mis-sissippi to register to vote that, in what would become her signature trait as an activist, she began singing African American spirituals such as ‘‘Go Tell It on the Mountain’’ and ‘‘This Lit-tle Light of Mine.’’ Singing spirituals reflected her firm belief that the struggle for civil rights was a righteous cause and toiling in this vineyard was the Christian thing to do. Fannie Lou Hamer’s courage and leadership in Indianola came to the attention of SNCC or-ganizer Bob Moses who recruited her to travel around the South doing organizing work for the organization. Being an African American activist was at that time in that place was dangerous, but that did not deter the fierce Fannie Lou Hamer: I guess if I’d had any sense, I’d have been a little scared—but what was the point of being scared? The only thing they could do was kill me, and it kinda seemed like they’d been trying to do that a little bit at a time since I could remember. 
During one of Fannie Lou Hamer’s trips she and other civil rights activists were arrested and badly beaten on the orders of police offi-cers. After recovering from the assault she re-turned to activism and the task of organizing voter registration drives: 
Sometimes it seem like to tell the truth today is to run the risk of being killed. But if I fall, I’ll fall five feet four inches forward in the fight for freedom. I’m not backing off. 
In 1964, Fannie Lou Hamer helped organize ‘‘Freedom Summer,’’ during which she was known by other activists as a motherly figure who strongly believed that the civil rights struggle should be broad-based and multi-ra-cial. Later that year, Fannie Lou Hamer helped to found and served as Vice-Chair of the Mis-sissippi Freedom Democratic Party (MDFP), which challenged the seating of the all-white and anti-civil rights Mississippi delegation to the Democratic National Convention in Atlantic City, New Jersey. In Atlantic City, Fannie Lou Hamer ad-dressed the Democratic National Convention’s Credentials Committee, where she passion-ately recounted the problems she had encoun-tered in voter registration, including the vicious beatings she received in jail: 
All of this is on account we want to reg-ister to become first-class citizens, and if the Freedom Democratic Party is not seated now, I question America. Is this America, the land of the free and the home of the brave where we have to sleep with our tele-phones off the hooks because our lives be threatened daily because we want to live as decent human beings—in America? 
Fannie Lou Hamer’s raw, authentic, and powerful testimony was so compelling that President Lyndon Johnson hastily called a White House press conference to divert media attention, which succeeded temporarily until the broadcast networks replayed her speech, unedited and uninterrupted, on the evening news. Responding to Fannie Lou Hamer’s speech, viewers flooded the Democratic National Cre-dentials Committee with thousands of calls and letters demanding the seating of the Mis-sissippi Freedom Democratic Party delegates. Although the MDFP’s delegates were not seated, as a compromise the Democratic Party changed its bylaws to require equality of representation of state delegations to the na-tional convention, which led in turn to the se-lection of Fannie Lou Hamer as a delegate to the 1972 Democratic National Convention in Miami Beach, Florida. Fannie Lou Hamer died on March 14, 1977 in Mound Bayou, Mississippi at the age of 59, due to her poor health, a combination of a life-time in poverty, her 1963 beating, and a 1976 cancer diagnosis. Mr. Speaker, Fannie Lou Hamer was always about paying it forward: Never to forget where we came from and always praise the bridges that carried us over. 
As the third African American woman elect-ed to Congress from the State of Texas, the second to serve on the House Committee on the Judiciary, and the first to become the Ranking Democratic Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I am ever mindful and grateful of the sacrifices made by giants like Fannie Lou Hamer so that persons like me have the opportunity to serve and con-tribute to the greatness of our country. I ask the House to observe a moment of si-lence in memory of Fannie Lou Hamer on the 100th anniversary of her birth. Happy birthday Fannie Lou, you made a dif-ference; you made America better. 
f 
HONORING DARLENE TOOLEY ON THE OCCASION OF HER RETIRE-MENT 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, October 6, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Darlene Tooley, as she retires from Northern Circle Indian Housing Authority (NCIHA) after 39 years of exemplary service. NCIHA was formed in 1978, with Ms. Tooley as its founding Executive Director, to provide affordable housing to native families in North-ern California. Under her leadership, the orga-nization has worked with member tribes to ac-quire and place into trust over 1,000 acres of land, created 371 affordable homes, and re-placed over 30 dilapidated homes in native communities. Ms. Tooley also created First Time Homebuyer Down Payment Assistance and Tenant Based Rental Assistance pro-grams, which have helped numerous individ-uals secure housing. The breadth of Ms. Tooley’s civic contribu-tions include her service as a founding mem-ber of Indian Dispute Resolution Services, treasurer of the Nevada/California Indian Housing Association, and member of the board of directors of the Southwest Indian 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Oct 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06OC8.014 E06OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1345 October 6, 2017 
Housing Association. She was selected by the Secretary of HUD to be a member of the first two negotiated rulemaking committees to de-velop regulations to implement Native Amer-ican Housing legislation. Darlene Tooley has led a career of service, dedicated to providing affordable housing to the Native American community. Please join me in congratulating her on her retirement and expressing our deep appreciation for her out-standing contributions to the tribes of Lake and Mendocino Counties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:53 Oct 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06OC8.016 E06OCPT1
D1063 Friday, October 6, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 10:30:05 a.m. in pro forma ses-sion, and adjourned at 10:30:40 a.m. until 9:15 a.m., on Tuesday, October 10, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 6 public bills, H.R. 3989–3994; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 561 were introduced.
                                       Pages H7891–92 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H7892 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Meadows to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H7891 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Phillip Ganir, SJ, Gonzaga Jesuit Community, Washington, DC.
            Page H7891 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10:30 a.m. and adjourned at 10:33 a.m. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on S. 585, the ‘‘Dr. Chris Kirkpatrick Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Oct 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06OC7.REC D06OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1064 October 6, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:15 a.m., Tuesday, October 10 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE 9:15 a.m., Tuesday, October 10 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Biggs, Andy, Ariz., E1342 Cummings, Elijah E., Md., E1341 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1339, E1342 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1344 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1344 Lewis, John, Ga., E1341, E1343 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1343 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1342 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E1343 Rosen, Jacky, Nev., E1343 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E1341 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1342 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:33 Oct 07, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D06OC7.REC D06OCPT1