Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H6633 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 2017 No. 142 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Ms. F
OXX). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, September 5, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable V
IRGINIA  F
OXXto act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Dear Lord, we give You thanks for giving us another day. In the wake of a great American holi-day, we ask Your special blessing on American workers: those fortunate to have jobs during these difficult eco-nomic times, and those desiring work. May they know and be confident of the nobility and sacredness of their labor. Lord, the task facing the Nation’s Congress is a difficult one, which will call upon each Member to consider what is best for American workers first. It is the challenge facing all Americans. Give the Members wisdom in their work, that our economy might con-tinue to rebound, and our countrymen and -women throughout these United States be able to provide for their fam-ilies to build lives we have all come to expect for our citizens. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House her approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. GAETZ led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
DACA (Mr. GAETZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GAETZ. Madam Speaker, I take to the floor of the House today to sup-port President Trump’s decision as it relates to DACA. America must be a nation of laws, and those laws must be passed by the Congress. This is the promise made in our Constitution and ensured by our enduring liberty. President Obama was incorrect to unilaterally act in this program; President Trump is correct to put the power back in the hands of the people’s representatives. America must also be a nation of bor-ders, and we erode the virtue and value of those borders when we draw people across those borders illegally. There is nothing compassionate about telling the rest of the world that, so long as a child arrives here, that child will be treated as if they have the same vir-tues and values of American citizens, if they committed the criminal offense of unlawful entry into the country. Challenges we have seen with un-documented minors being sent has cre-ated humanitarian crises, and I believe that DACA and other programs that draw those across our borders illegally have contributed to those crises. I sup-port the President. We should end DACA. f 
DACA (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Madam Speaker, I rise today because I am fired up. I am angry about the decision that the President made today on DACA. I want to thank the thousands of peo-ple who have risen up across this coun-try—from Houston, to Philly, to Los Angeles, to Denver—to say that they are going to have their voices heard. They need to continue to sound that voice. What about the promise the govern-ment made to these young people that said: If you come forward and come out of the shadows, we are going to protect your information? What about that promise? I want every DREAMer to know that I stand with them and that I am going to fight like hell here in Congress to make sure that we protect them and to make sure that we honor the promise that we made. These people are our doctors, our teachers, our neighbors, and, in my case, my cousin. I call on Congress and my colleagues across the aisle who have been speak-ing up on this issue in support of DACA protections to do more than speak, and to act—to act now and to act fast. 
f 
CONGRESS SHOULD MAKE IMMIGRATION POLICIES (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Madam Speak-er, today President Trump delivered on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.000 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6634 September 5, 2017 
his promise to the American people. He said he would discontinue the DACA immigration program, which allows hundreds of thousands of illegal immi-grants to stay in the country and re-ceive work permits. By ending the unconstitutional DACA program, he has overturned the last of President Obama’s amnesty agenda and returned to the rule of law. President Obama, a former constitu-tional law professor, said many times that DACA was unconstitutional. Congress and the administration should strengthen our laws against il-legal immigration and ensure that our immigration policies put unemployed Americans first. The U.S. labor partici-pation rate is at a 40-year low. President Trump is right to dis-continue the DACA program and let Congress address immigration policies, including securing the border. 
f 
EDUCATION FUNDING (Mr. MARSHALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARSHALL. Madam Speaker, I rise today to discuss education: the building block to a successful future. As a father and, now, a grandfather for the second time, I know our edu-cation system is of the utmost impor-tance. Education is truly one of the pil-lars of my life. I am a strong advocate for limiting the scope of the Federal Government in education decisions. Our school boards and teachers understand what works best for these individual students, and providing them control to make their own decisions ensures the best results for our students. I am encouraged to see the House re-tain and increase many of the Federal funding levels for education, including funding for career and technical edu-cation State grants. I am very pleased to see Congress increase funding for IDEA, the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, by $200 million. I urge my colleagues to also talk to their local teachers, administrators, and students to see what works and what doesn’t. Educating the next generation is one of the most sacred responsibilities, and I thank those like I met with who dedi-cate their lives to that cause. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 5 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 8 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1700 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee) at 5 p.m. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. f 
RESTRAINING EXCESSIVE SEIZURE OF PROPERTY THROUGH THE EXPLOITATION OF CIVIL ASSET FORFEITURE TOOLS ACT Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1843) to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Revenue Service from carrying out sei-zures relating to a structuring trans-action unless the property to be seized derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of another criminal law or regulation, to require notice and a post-seizure hearing for such seizures, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1843 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Clyde-Hirsch- Sowers RESPECT Act’’ or the ‘‘Restraining Ex-cessive Seizure of Property through the Exploi-tation of Civil Asset Forfeiture Tools Act’’. 
SEC. 2. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE SEIZURE REQUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO STRUCTURING TRANSACTIONS. 
Section 5317(c)(2) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Any property’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any property’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) I
NTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE SEIZURE RE -
QUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO STRUCTURING  
TRANSACTIONS .— ‘‘(i) P
ROPERTY DERIVED FROM AN ILLEGAL  
SOURCE .—Property may only be seized by the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to subpara-graph (A) by reason of a claimed violation of section 5324 if the property to be seized was de-rived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the vio-lation of a criminal law or regulation other than section 5324. ‘‘(ii) N
OTICE .—Not later than 30 days after property is seized by the Internal Revenue Serv-ice pursuant to subparagraph (A), the Internal Revenue Service shall— ‘‘(I) make a good faith effort to find all per-sons with an ownership interest in such prop-erty; and ‘‘(II) provide each such person with a notice of the seizure and of the person’s rights under clause (iv). ‘‘(iii) E
XTENSION OF NOTICE UNDER CERTAIN  
CIRCUMSTANCES .—The Internal Revenue Service may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for one 30-day extension of the notice require-ment under clause (ii) if the Internal Revenue Service can establish probable cause of an immi-nent threat to national security or personal safety necessitating such extension. ‘‘(iv) POST-SEIZURE HEARING .—If a person with a property interest in property seized pur-suant to subparagraph (A) by the Internal Rev-enue Service requests a hearing by a court of competent jurisdiction within 30 days after the date on which notice is provided under sub-clause (ii), such property shall be returned un-less the court holds an adversarial hearing and finds within 30 days of such request (or such longer period as the court may provide, but only on request of an interested party) that there is probable cause to believe that there is a viola-tion of section 5324 involving such property and probable cause to believe that the property to be seized was derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of con-cealing the violation of a criminal law or regu-lation other than section 5324.’’. 
SEC. 3. EXCLUSION OF INTEREST RECEIVED IN ACTION TO RECOVER PROPERTY SEIZED BY THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE BASED ON STRUCTURING TRANSACTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting before section 140 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 139G. INTEREST RECEIVED IN ACTION TO RECOVER PROPERTY SEIZED BY THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE BASED ON STRUCTURING TRANSACTION. 
‘‘Gross income shall not include any interest received from the Federal Government in con-nection with an action to recover property seized by the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to section 5317(c)(2) of title 31, United States Code, by reason of a claimed violation of section 5324 of such title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 140 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 139G. Interest received in action to recover property seized by the Internal Revenue Service based on struc-turing transaction.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to interest received on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material for H.R. 1843, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, if a person deposits $10,000 or more into a financial institu-tion, that institution must submit a currency transaction report to the Treasury Department. Avoiding this reporting requirement by purposefully staying below the $10,000 limit is a Fed-eral crime known as structuring. Structuring was made illegal in 1986 to prevent large-scale criminal enter-prises, terrorists, and money launderers from hiding their illegally earned money from authorities by con-sistently depositing just shy of that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.003 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6635 September 5, 2017 
$10,000 limit. This makes complete sense. When structuring is believed to have occurred, the Internal Revenue Service can use its civil asset forfeiture au-thority to seize funds and force the owner of the funds to prove that they were obtained legally. Let me tell you, I am not laying awake at night, and neither are my colleagues here, wor-rying about terrorists and mobsters not being able to get access to their money. So far, so good. The law makes sense. But now let me tell you about some-body who had their money seized by the IRS. Andrew Clyde served three combat tours in Iraq, and then he came home and opened a store in Georgia. Mr. Clyde had an insurance policy that only covered up to $10,000 in off- premise losses. So, like any reasonable person, Mr. Clyde never brought more than $10,000 in cash with him when he made his nightly deposits. The IRS seized $950,000 from him. Now, just marinate in that for a minute, Mr. Speaker. Imagine trying to run your business, and one day the Federal Government comes in and takes away all of your money. You don’t know why, but it is just gone. You would assume that the IRS would then talk to Mr. Clyde, hear his ration-ale, and say: Well, it is my mistake. You are clearly not a mobster or a ter-rorist. Thank you for your service. Here is your life savings back. But that is not what happened. In-stead, the IRS threatened him with criminal structuring charges until he agreed to settle with the agency, and gave them $50,000, after he had spent nearly $100,000 in legal fees. Andrew Clyde lost $150,000 simply be-cause he wanted to make sure that his cash deposits were low enough to be in-sured. We are here today to make sure this never happens again. The RESPECT Act makes commonsense changes to civil asset forfeiture practices. First and foremost, the IRS would have to show probable cause that the funds they are seizing were derived from or connected to an illegal source. Additionally, it would provide pro-tections for taxpayers whose money was taken, requiring a hearing within 30 days of the money being seized. These commonsense steps prevent the Federal Government from acting with impunity and harassing the very citi-zens that they are supposed to protect. I want to thank a number of individ-uals for their work on this legislation. I would like to thank J
OHNLEWIS, the ranking member of the Oversight Sub-committee. I want to thank my lead sponsor, J
OECROWLEY , the lead Demo-crat on this legislation. I want to thank Mr. N
EALfor his leadership, and I want to thank Chairman B
RADY . We have been at this for a long time. We first started investigating this issue at an Oversight Subcommittee hearing in February of 2015, and we made some progress. IRS Commis-sioner Koskinen apologized to the vic-tims of this practice on behalf of his agency. In fact, a year later, he changed the IRS procedures to restrict the use of civil asset forfeiture cases in which the money was earned illegally, a commonsense decision that we will codify with this legislation. I am also heartened to say that in March of this year, the IRS finished its process of reviewing all 454 contested cases that occurred before the rule change. The agency either returned or recommended that the Department of Justice return approximately 80 per-cent of those funds. The IRS returned over $6 million to honest Americans who were victims of this government overreach. While the IRS returned over $6 mil-lion, they have also recommended that the Department of Justice return a whopping $16 million. Unfortunately, the Department of Justice still has a long way to go in tackling the backlog of undecided cases. We will be address-ing this issue with an amendment in the upcoming appropriations bill. Mr. Speaker, in closing, Americans deserve a government that they can trust. I look forward to working with my colleagues to pass this legislation to prevent future victims of abusive civil asset forfeiture practices, and fight for those who have been affected. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I stand today in support of H.R. 1843, the Restraining Excessive Seizure of Property through the Ex-ploitation of Civil Asset Forfeiture Tools Act—more simply, the RESPECT Act. Fundamentally, this legislation is about stopping abusive civil asset sei-zure practices. Too often, honest small business owners were treated like criminals and had their bank accounts seized by the Federal Government for making frequent deposits from cash sales. The law at issue today is the Bank Secrecy Act, which set up new report-ing requirements for certain activities, like depositing more than $10,000 in cash. The purpose of the law is to limit criminal business activity conducted in cash, money laundering, drug trans-actions, and criminal enterprises. Thus, systematically depositing amounts just short of this threshold, is deemed an illegal attempt to structure bank transactions to avoid the report-ing requirement. Over the past 2 years, a number of law-abiding small businesses with high volumes of cash sales testified before the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Oversight describing just how this law was being applied by the IRS and the Department of Justice to seize their bank accounts. Congressmen on both sides of the aisle immediately de-nounced this practice and sought to have the seized amounts returned. In October of 2014, the IRS changed its policy on enforcement. Now it only will seize funds of taxpayers where the money is being deposited from an ille-gal source. H.R. 1843 codifies this pol-icy change, excludes interest received by taxpayers on the return of seized property from tax, and provides notice and hearing rights to taxpayers. The IRS, however, is only one side of the issue. United States Attorney Gen-eral Jeff Sessions also must act to right this wrong against these small business owners. The IRS referred 255 petitions to the Department of Justice from small business owners seeking the return of their property. As of June 2017, the Department still had over 180 petitions to review. The Department of Justice should and must work faster. I thank Congressman ROSKAM , my friend; and the Democrat lead cospon-sor, my friend as well, Congressman J
OECROWLEY , for their hard work on this legislation; and also the ranking member of the Oversight Committee, J
OHNLEWIS, for his leadership on this issue. In closing, I want to take a look at how the position taken by the IRS and the Department of Justice affected a small bakery in Connecticut. For al-most 100 years—three generations—the Vocatura family has operated a bakery in Norwich, Connecticut. They sell sandwiches and fresh bread, lots of low- dollar purchases. Until recently, they didn’t accept credit cards; so most of their business was in cash. According to press reports, between March 2007 and April 2013, the Vocatura brothers made hundreds of deposits in amounts ranging from $7,000 to $9,900. The bank tellers told them that they had to fill out lots of extra paperwork for deposits over $10,000, so the Vocatura brothers made sure to deposit their receipts more often. They didn’t realize they were breaking the law by consciously avoiding making deposits over $10,000. In May of 2013, the IRS enforced the structuring laws and seized the bak-ery’s checking account with more than $68,000 on hand. The IRS held on to the Vocatura’s money for 3 years without ever bringing a case before a judge. The brothers filed a motion, demanding the return of their money; and in 2016, the IRS capitulated. This story is similar to others that we have heard. This legislation would ensure that no other small business is put in this position. I urge support on both sides of the aisle for this legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Geor-gia (Mr. C
OLLINS ). Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I appreciate the chairman yielding me the time, the ranking member for being here, and also Mr. R
OSKAM and Mr. C
ROWLEY , both for their sponsor-ship and cosponsorship of this legisla-tion. H.R. 1843, the Clyde-Hirsch-Sowers RESPECT Act is one of those things 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.005 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6636 September 5, 2017 
that you really, at times, have a hard time understanding why we are debat-ing on the floor of the House. It is that much common sense. And as my grand-mother used to say: Common sense is not common. So here we are. If anyone has any doubt about the need to restrain the forfeiture power of the IRS, they need to look no further than what happened to one of my constituents, as has al-ready been mentioned, Andrew Clyde, whose namesake is on the bill. He is a law-abiding small business owner who served multiple combat tours. He had and has a successful gun store in north-east Georgia when the IRS seized his business bank accounts under a little- known procedure called civil asset for-feiture. Now, we already talked a moment about just what that means, but let me go into a little bit more depth about that. What actually happened here is that Mr. Clyde was not charged with a crime when they seized his assets. In fact, he was never charged with a crime. In fact, the government’s only allegation against him was he regu-larly made large cash deposits. In other words, following what his own insurance would protect when he made those off-premise accounts, he was following good business practices. Despite this, the IRS had the audacity to negotiate with him about how much of his own money they would give back to him. The law, as it stands today, gives them the authority to do so; thus, the need for the legislation. Now, rules have been changed and put in place, but this needs to be codi-fied. I sat with Mr. Clyde on several oc-casions and talked about this case, and to hear the pain in his voice when he had to spend $100,000 in legal bills, plus, at the same time, to get the IRS to give back his money, he had to beg the government for his own property. No one should have had to go through this, and that is why I respect the au-thors of this legislation, and I appre-ciate their hearings and concern about this. Because whether it is a bakery, a gun store, or any business, no Amer-ican should have to face the IRS or the Justice Department when they have never been charged with a crime—they were never charged with a crime—and had their money taken from them. This is one that I am proud of to see an American who stood up and said: No, this is not right. Unfortunately, it cost him money, but today, this wrong is being righted. We are going to continue to see this pushed through. Mr. Speaker, I respect Andrew Clyde, his business, and all the others who stood up and said: This is not right. I applaud the authors, and I say: Now is the time to finish this. Let’s make sure that this never happens to another American citizen. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Before I introduce the primary co-sponsor of this legislation, I want to respond to something the previous speaker said. Commissioner Koskinen said a num-ber of times in testimony before the Ways and Means Committee that he doesn’t write the law. That is the ques-tion that is in front of us at this mo-ment. He says that the IRS follows the law, which we expect agencies to do at the behest of those who are duly elect-ed. So in this instance, I would suggest that while we don’t like what the IRS has done in these particular examples that have been correctly cited by both sides, we also have the obligation to alter, change, or amend the law so that this doesn’t happen to the innocent going forward. b1715 So this was not simply about the Commissioner or IRS agents waking up one day and saying: What kind of havoc and peril can we create today? It was instead the prescription for law that we have offered to them. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROW-
LEY), who is a primary cosponsor of this. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for yielding me this time, and I want to thank, as well, the cosponsor—actu-ally, the lead sponsor—Mr. R
OSKAM , for his work here today. Today is a good day for the American taxpayers as, hopefully, the House of Representatives will soon, once again, pass the Clyde-Hirsch-Sowers RE-SPECT Act to enact vital reforms to the Federal Government’s civil asset forfeiture process. Civil asset forfeiture is an important tool that the IRS and other Federal agencies use to go after ill-gotten funds from drug dealers, human traffickers, terrorists, and other criminals. This bill will not weaken that vital law en-forcement tool one iota, and that is an important point to make. But this leg-islation will codify into law much- needed reforms to the process to stop what we believe is an abuse of the asset seizures practiced, abusive seizures such as the government’s ability to take a person’s bank account without ever charging them with a crime. The Oversight Subcommittee on the Ways and Means Committee, under the guidance of Chairman P
ETER ROSKAM , undertook a painstaking, multiyear in-vestigation to get to the bottom of these abusive practices. This investiga-tion included holding a series of con-gressional hearings—that doesn’t al-ways happen anymore around here, P
ETER , as you know—meeting with of-ficials from a number of Federal agen-cies, including the IRS. I want to thank Commissioner Koskinen for his input and frankness as well, as the ranking member has just indicated. The subcommittee continued keeping pressure on the IRS and the Justice Department to proactively reach out and return any assets seized from peo-ple who were never, ever charged with a crime. These actions culminated in this bipartisan legislation that passed the Ways and Means Committee unani-mously. This bill, the Clyde-Hirsch-Sowers RESPECT Act, aims to take what we have learned and fix the system to bet-ter protect all law-abiding citizens. Specifically, it prohibits the IRS from taking any asset related to structuring unless the funds are from an illegal source or the funds were structured to conceal other criminal activity. Additionally, to provide due process to affected taxpayers, the bill requires the IRS to notify an account holder of a seizure within 30 days—fairly reason-able. Once an account is seized, the bill allows the person whose assets were seized to seek a hearing within 30 days. Now, we know that those engaged in il-legal activity and illegal actions will usually not contest the seizure. But for those who committed no crime, this bill simply levels the playing field for them. My colleague, Mr. ROSKAM , and I will continue to keep the pressure on the Federal Government to quickly return the assets of those innocent tax-payers—those who are not charged with any crimes but whose bank ac-counts and other items are still being held by their own government. But passage of this bill isn’t the last part of the fight on wrongful asset for-feiture. This bill is expected to pass this House unanimously, as it did last year, because we all recognize and be-lieve in the basic American judicial premise of innocent until proven guilty. However, I am concerned by the Trump administration’s statements and those of Attorney General Jeff Ses-sions, in particular, that the govern-ment intends to increase these asset seizures without any intention of charging affected Americans with crimes. Let me be clear: I support civil asset seizures when the government can make the case that the money was de-rived from illicit activity. As I said be-fore, nothing in this bill hinders the ability of the government to do just that. But we must fight any effort by the Trump administration to expand wrongful civil asset forfeiture and con-tinue to take innocent people’s own money without charging them with a crime. Finally, as I close, I want to remind my colleagues of the importance of a larger discussion on much-needed criminal justice reform and an issue I hope this Congress can begin to tackle this year. Just like the Clyde family, the Hirsch family, and the Sowers family who we named this bill after, far too many American families have seen the U.S. justice system unfairly work against them rather than for them. We need to address that issue of criminal justice reform in the same bipartisan way that Chairman R
OSKAM and the entire Ways and Means Committee dealt with this particular issue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.006 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6637 September 5, 2017 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I look for-ward to passage of this bill. I thank Mr. R
OSKAM , again, for the sponsorship of this legislation working together in a very bipartisan way to get this bill out of committee to the floor and pass the House. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, we have no remaining speakers on this side, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I think that this is a good step in the right direc-tion. I hope that we will also encourage the Department of Justice in addition to what we are attempting to do here. As Mr. R
OSKAM knows, they are part of the challenge in front of us as well, but I think this is a certain, forthright step on behalf of those who have been ma-ligned in terms of reputation and their business activities in this moment. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I think Mr. C
ROWLEY and Mr. N EALhit the nail on the head, as did Mr. C
OLLINS . Let me just sort of sum up then. This is a story about a citizen, a citizen who is scandalized by the Federal Govern-ment that is there to protect the cit-izen, and the citizen said: Do you know what? This doesn’t seem right to me. You don’t get to do this. You can imagine what it was like for these people who got caught up in this and were told by IRS agents and De-partment of Justice lawyers the nature of that intimidation and how heavy- handed and aggressive that is. Yet these people said: No, no, no. That is not right. That is not the way this country is supposed to work. So they brought it to people’s atten-tion, and, Mr. Speaker, people on both sides of the aisle were scandalized by what they heard about this and were troubled by it and said: We can do something about it. So as a result of this, you have got something that is moving through. Look, it is a tumultuous time in our public life, and there are many deep di-visions within this House and across the country about all kinds of issues. But do you know what? Nobody is here defending the status quo of how these people were treated. So the institution worked. The insti-tution heard what was going on, and now people have come together on both sides of the aisle to move forward on this basis. I want to echo Mr. N
EAL’s admoni-tion to the Department of Justice. It is not good enough for the Department of Justice to go into a passive-aggressive mode and to say: Well, we are just going to wait these people out. That is not good enough. We need to make sure that the Department of Jus-tice is acting forthrightly, is reviewing these cases, and is moving them with dispatch. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. N EAL, and Chairman B
RADY . I urge passage of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RATCLIFFE ). The question is on the mo-tion offered by the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) that the House sus-pend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1843, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FINANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL INSURANCE MEMBER CONTINUITY ACT Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3110) to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to modify the term of the independent member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3110 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Financial Stability Oversight Council Insurance Mem-ber Continuity Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUN-CIL. 
Section 111(c) of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5321(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) T
ERM OF INDEPENDENT MEMBER .—Not- withstanding paragraph (1), if a successor to the independent member of the Council serv-ing under subsection (b)(1)(J) is not ap-pointed and confirmed by the end of the term of service of such member, such member may continue to serve until the earlier of— ‘‘(A) 18 months after the date on which the term of service ends; or ‘‘(B) the date on which a successor to such member is appointed and confirmed.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) and the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3110, the Financial Stability Oversight Council Insurance Member Continuity Act. I am proud to sponsor this legislation, which is a technical, but extremely important, correction to the Dodd-Frank Act. I am very grateful for the support of my colleagues on the Financial Serv-ices Committee for helping advance this bill. I especially want to thank Ranking Member WATERS , the lead co-sponsor. In fact, we were able to unani-mously report this bill out of com-mittee 60 votes to zero when it was marked up in July. The bill amends the Dodd-Frank Act to allow the Financial Stability Over-sight Council’s independent member with insurance expertise to remain a voting member of the council beyond his or her term until a successor is ap-pointed. The extended term would con-clude at the earlier of either 18 months or until Senate confirmation of a suc-cessor. The Financial Stability Oversight Council, or FSOC, was created as part of the Dodd-Frank Act. The general purpose of this regulatory body is to provide a forum for discussion of our fi-nancial markets and coordination of fi-nancial regulations when appropriate. Under existing law, the 10 voting members of the FSOC include an inde-pendent member with insurance exper-tise who is appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate. The inde-pendent member is the only member appointed by the President to specifi-cally serve on the council and is the only voting member which is expected to have insurance expertise. Dodd-Frank established a 6-year term for the independent member whose term expires on September 30, 2017. Absent the appointment and con-firmation of a successor, the expiration of the independent member’s term would leave the council without a vot-ing member who has insurance exper-tise because Dodd-Frank did not make clear if the position can be filled by an acting official. My legislation is about ensuring that the FSOC is able to benefit from the perspective of a voting member with insurance expertise without any unnec-essary lapses, or to quote a letter that the National Association of Insurance Commissioners sent to the ranking member and me: ‘‘It is important that the council have members that have a deep understanding of the unique as-pects of the insurance industry and our State-based insurance regulatory sys-tem.’’ I couldn’t agree more. In the case of Illinois, we have a very robust insur-ance market because of the carefully crafted regulatory system we have de-veloped. This allows great companies to thrive and protects the interests of their policyholders. This might not be the case if the FSOC lacks sufficient understanding of our insurance mar-kets and regulatory system. What was not intended by Dodd- Frank is for the position to be vacant while the President and Senate work to confirm a new appointee. Other voting positions on the FSOC have the benefit of somebody being able to serve in an acting capacity until someone new is confirmed. In fact, the Dodd-Frank Act clearly states that positions on the FSOC can be filled by someone in an acting capacity. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:42 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.008 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6638 September 5, 2017 
My legislation would simply bring continuity with other FSOC voting members. This is especially timely given that the term of the individual currently filling this position, Roy Woodall, ends on September 30 of this year. Since President Trump has not yet an-nounced who should fill this role, and given that the Senate will not likely have sufficient time to react between now and the end of September, we must have this signed into law without delay. I understand that the Senate Bank-ing Committee will be marking up companion legislation later this week, and I am hopeful it can quickly ad-vance through this Chamber and the Senate Chamber so that this technical issue can be resolved before the end of Mr. W
OODALL ’s term. I again would like to thank Ranking Member W
ATERS and all of my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle for working with me. I urge support of this noncontroversial legislation, and I am hopeful it can move swiftly to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1730 Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank Mr. H
ULTGREN and, as he men-tioned, Ranking Member W
ATERS and a number of members of the committee who are supporting this. I, myself, am a cosponsor of the legislation. This is a bill that is quite simple: it makes a technical correction to Dodd- Frank to address an issue regarding the term of the independent member with insurance expertise on the Finan-cial Stability Oversight Council, or FSOC. The current term, as Mr. H
ULTGREN indicated, is set to expire on September 30, and it remains unclear as to whether a successor will be con-firmed in a timely fashion. Dodd-Frank does address how to fill a vacancy, pending the appointment of an agency head, but it does not address the question as it relates to the insur-ance member. As such, this bill would allow the current independent insur-ance member to remain a voting mem-ber of the FSOC for the earlier of ei-ther 18 months or the appointment of a successor. Of course, this will ensure that FSOC continues to have a member that can bring important insurance ex-pertise to the discussions and that the entire roster of voting members on the FSOC is complete. This legislation, I think, is a really good example of the cooperation that we can see across the aisle in order to make commonsense corrections to im-prove Dodd-Frank. Perhaps this is something that can form the basis of further work. As my friend, Mr. H
ULTGREN , said, the bill passed the Financial Services Committee by a unanimous 60–0 vote. So I thank him for bringing this bill up. I thank the many Democrats and Republicans who have joined us in co-sponsoring this legislation, and I look forward to swift enactment. Mr. Speaker, in closing, noting the bipartisan nature of this bill, I suppose I ought to learn to quit while we are ahead. This is good legislation. It is common sense. It fixes a problem. It continues the continuity of the FSOC and makes sure we have a full member-ship of that committee, including in-surance representation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I echo much of what my good friend from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) has said. Again, I want to thank the ranking member for her work on this legisla-tion with me. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speak-ers, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3110. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
BOB DOLE CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1616) to award the Congres-sional Gold Medal to Bob Dole, in rec-ognition for his service to the nation as a soldier, legislator, and statesman. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1616 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bob Dole Congressional Gold Medal Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Bob Dole was born on July 22, 1923, in Russell, Kansas. (2) Growing up during the Great Depres-sion, Bob Dole learned the values of hard work and discipline, and worked at a local drug store. (3) In 1941, Bob Dole enrolled at the Univer-sity of Kansas as a pre-medical student. Dur-ing his time at KU he played for the basket-ball, football, and track teams, and joined the Kappa Sigma Fraternity, from which he would receive the ‘‘Man of the Year’’ award in 1970. (4) Bob Dole’s collegiate studies were inter-rupted by WWII, and he enlisted in the United States Army. During a military of-fensive in Italy, he was seriously wounded while trying to save a fellow soldier. Despite his grave injuries, Dole recovered and was awarded two Purple Hearts and a Bronze Star with an Oak Cluster for his service. He also received an American Campaign Medal, a European-African-Middle Eastern Cam-paign Medal, and a World War II Victory Medal. (5) While working on his law degree from Washburn University, Bob Dole was elected into the Kansas House of Representatives, serving from 1951–1953. (6) Bob Dole was elected into the U.S. House of Representatives and served two Kansas districts from 1961–1969. (7) In 1969, Bob Dole was elected into the U.S. Senate and served until 1996. Over the course of this period, he served as Chairman of the Republican National Committee, Chairman of the Finance Committee, Senate Minority Leader, and Senate Majority Lead-er. (8) Bob Dole was known for his ability to work across the aisle and embrace practical bipartisanship on issues such as Social Secu-rity. (9) Bob Dole has been a life-long advocate for the disabled and was a key figure in the passing of the Americans with Disabilities Act in 1990. (10) After his appointment as Majority Leader, Bob Dole set the record as the na-tion’s longest-serving Republican Leader in the Senate. (11) Several Presidents of the United States have specially honored Bob Dole for his hard work and leadership in the public sector. This recognition is exemplified by the following: (A) President Reagan awarded Bob Dole the Presidential Citizens Medal in 1989 stat-ing, ‘‘Whether on the battlefield or Capitol Hill, Senator Dole has served America hero-ically. Senate Majority Leader during one of the most productive Congresses of recent time, he has also been a friend to veterans, farmers, and Americans from every walk of life. Bob Dole has stood for integrity, straight talk and achievement throughout his years of distinguished public service.’’. (B) Upon awarding Bob Dole with the Pres-idential Medal of Freedom in 1997, President Clinton made the following comments, ‘‘Son of the soil, citizen, soldier and legislator, Bob Dole understands the American people, their struggles, their triumphs and their dreams . . . In times of conflict and crisis, he has worked to keep America united and strong . . . our country is better for his cour-age, his determination, and his willingness to go the long course to lead America.’’. (12) After his career in public office, Bob Dole became an active advocate for the pub-lic good. He served as National Chairman of the World War II Memorial Campaign, help-ing raise over $197 million to construct the National WWII Memorial, and as Co-Chair of the Families of Freedom Scholarship Fund, raising over $120 million for the educational needs of the families of victims of 9/11. (13) From 1997–2001, Bob Dole served as chairman of the International Commission on Missing Persons in the Former Yugo-slavia. (14) In 2003, Bob Dole established The Rob-ert J. Dole Institute of Politics at the Uni-versity of Kansas to encourage bipartisan-ship in politics. (15) Bob Dole is a strong proponent of international justice and, in 2004, received the Golden Medal of Freedom from the Presi-dent of Kosovo for his support of democracy and freedom in Kosovo. (16) In 2007, President George W. Bush ap-pointed Bob Dole to co-chair the President’s Commission on Care for America’s Returning 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.011 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6639 September 5, 2017 
Wounded Warriors, which inspected the sys-tem of medical care received by U.S. soldiers returning from Iraq and Afghanistan. (17) Bob Dole was the co-creator of the McGovern-Dole International Food for Edu-cation and Child Nutrition Program, helping combat child hunger and poverty. In 2008, he was co-awarded the World Food Prize for his work with this organization. (18) Bob Dole is co-founder of the Bipar-tisan Policy Center which works to develop policies suitable for bipartisan support. (19) Bob Dole is a strong advocate for vet-erans, having volunteered on a weekly basis for more than a decade on behalf of the Honor Flight Network. (20) Bob Dole serves as Finance Chairman of the Campaign for the National Eisenhower Memorial, leading the private fundraising ef-fort to memorialize President Dwight D. Ei-senhower in Washington, DC. (21) Bob Dole was acknowledged by many organizations for his achievements both in-side and outside of politics, including being awarded the ‘‘U.S. Senator John Heinz Award for Outstanding Public Service By An Elected Official’’, the Gold Good Citizenship Award, the American Patriot Award, the Survivor’s Gratitude Award, the U.S. Asso-ciation of Former Member of Congress Dis-tinguished Service Award, a Distinguished Service Medal, the French Legion of Honor medal, the Horatio Alger Award, the U.S. Defense Department’s Distinguished Public Service Award, the National Collegiate Ath-letic Association’s Teddy Roosevelt Award, the Albert Schweitzer Medal ‘‘for out-standing contributions to animal welfare’’, the 2004 Sylvanus Thayer Award, and hon-orary degrees from the University of Kansas, Fort Hays State University, and the Univer-sity of New Hampshire School of Law. (22) Throughout his life-long service to our country, Bob Dole has embodied the Amer-ican spirit of leadership and determination, and serves as one of the most prolific role models both in and outside of politics. 
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL. 
(a) A WARD AUTHORIZED .—The Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Presi-dent pro tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the award, on behalf of Congress, of a gold medal of appro-priate design to Bob Dole, in recognition for his service to the nation as a soldier, legis-lator, and statesman. (b) D
ESIGN AND STRIKING .—For the purpose of the award referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall strike a gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions to be determined by the Sec-retary. 
SEC. 4. DUPLICATE MEDALS. 
The Secretary may strike and sell dupli-cates in bronze of the gold medal struck under section 3 under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, at a price suffi-cient to cover the cost thereof, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses, and the cost of the gold medal. 
SEC. 5. STATUS OF MEDALS. 
(a) N ATIONAL MEDALS .—The medals struck under this Act are national medals for pur-poses of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. (b) N
UMISMATIC ITEMS .—For purposes of sections 5134 and 5136 of title 31, United States Code, all medals struck under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) and the gentle-woman from California (Ms. M
AXINE  W
ATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 3 minutes. Mr. Speaker, statesman, member of the Greatest Generation, lifetime pub-lic servant—these are fitting words as we consider S. 1616, unanimously passed legislation to honor Senator Bob Dole with a Congressional Gold Medal. The Congressional Gold Medal is the highest expression of national appre-ciation for distinguished achievements and contributions that the Congress can bestow upon one of our fellow citi-zens. I would like to thank Congress-woman L
YNNJENKINS and the 86 bipar-tisan cosponsors for coming together to introduce this legislation to honor Bob Dole. Recipients of the Congressional Gold Medal ‘‘have performed an achieve-ment that has an impact on American history and culture that is likely to be recognized as a major achievement in the recipient’s field long after the achievement.’’ For Bob Dole’s lifetime of public service—as a soldier wounded in battle; State legislator; United States Rep-resentative; United States Senator; nominee for both President and Vice President; tireless advocate for the dis-abled, our veterans, and the hungry— awarding this great American with a Congressional Gold Medal is the least we can do today. I encourage all of my colleagues to join me in supporting this. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to say a word about Mr. H
ULTGREN , who just took up the previous bill, H.R. 3110, the Financial Stability Oversight Council Insurance Member Continuity Act. I enjoyed working with him. It was a wonderful experience. I think we can do a lot more of that. Mr. Speaker, having said that, I am pleased to rise today in support of S. 1616, legislation to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal to former Senator Bob Dole in recognition of his distin-guished service to the Nation. In his younger years, Bob Dole made clear that he truly exemplified the best of the Nation’s Greatest Generation. When his studies were interrupted by World War II, he enlisted in the United States Army, where he risked his own life to save a fellow soldier. In recogni-tion of his brave service, which left him badly wounded by machine-gun fire and with a permanent disability, he was awarded two Purple Hearts and a Bronze Star with an Oak Cluster, among other honors. Following his service in the U.S. Army, Senator Dole began a long and distinguished career in public office, serving first in the Kansas House of Representatives, followed by multiple terms in the U.S. House of Representa-tives. In 1999, Dole was elected to the United States Senate, where he served for 27 years and rose to be majority leader before running for President. Over the course of his political ca-reer, Senator Dole developed a reputa-tion as an outspoken and pragmatic leader who was willing to work across party lines to advance the health and welfare of the American public. For example, in speaking about the importance of Social Security and the need to protect Medicare for America’s senior citizens, Dole said in a speech at the 1996 Republican National Conven-tion: ‘‘And I have learned in my own life, from my own experience, that not every man, woman, or child can make it on their own. And that in time of need, the bridge between failure and success can be the government itself. And given all that I have experienced, I shall always remember those in need. . . .’’ In addition to working to safeguard important programs like Social Secu-rity and Medicare, former Senator Dole was also a strong advocate for the dis-abled, and he played a central role in passing the landmark Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Nation’s first comprehensive civil rights law to protect people with disabilities from discrimination in employment, public services, and public accommodations. Although he was not elected Presi-dent, as the nominee of the Republican Party, he made clear that he would not accommodate racial or religious intol-erance, stating that if anyone had ‘‘mistakenly attached himself to our party in the belief that we are not open to citizens of every race and religion . . . the exits, which are clearly marked, are for you to walk out of. . . .’’ After leaving the Senate in 1996, former Senator Dole continued to dedi-cate himself to a range of causes, par-ticularly those aimed at helping those in need. For example, Senator Dole served as co-chair of the Families of Freedom Scholarship Fund, which raised more than $100 million for the educational needs of the families of victims of 9/11, and he served as the co- creator of the McGovern-Dole Inter-national Food for Education and Child Nutrition Program, which aimed to al-leviate child hunger. While Senator Dole and I have had our share of policy differences over the years, it was always possible to have a civil disagreement that didn’t lead to disrespect. A true gentleman, states-man, and legislator, Senator Dole could debate the issues with the best of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.004 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6640 September 5, 2017 
us, all while maintaining a good sense of humor. For all of these reasons, it comes as no surprise that the legislation before us today has already garnered the unanimous support of the United States Senate, and it is fitting that the House today is doing its part to give the highest honor this body can bestow to former Senator Bob Dole. I urge all of my colleagues to join me in quickly passing this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, first, I would like to thank my friend, the ranking member, M
AXINE WATERS , for her kind words. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
EN-
KINS), sponsor of the House companion legislation. Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Bob Dole Congressional Gold Medal Act, which recognizes Senator Dole’s service to this great Nation as a sol-dier, legislator, and statesman. As a kid growing up in rural Kansas, there were many times I could be found wearing a Styrofoam cap and a sand-wich board in support of my Senator. I introduced this legislation, which calls for the Secretary of the Treasury to strike a single gold medal of appro-priate design in honor of Senator Bob Dole, and I am humbled to have the op-portunity to honor him for his lifetime of service on the floor of the United States House of Representatives. Throughout Senator Dole’s life, he has consistently exemplified humility, hard work, and leadership. He was born and raised in a small town, Russell, in north-central Kansas. As a young man, he served heroically in the Army dur-ing World War II, where he was gravely wounded while trying to save a fellow soldier during a military offensive in Italy. Senator Dole later went on to carry out one of the most storied careers in politics, where he set the record as the Nation’s longest serving Republican leader in the United States Senate. He is seen as a political statesman who reached across the aisle for the good of the country. To this day, Senator Dole continues to serve his country and fel-low man by fighting for our veterans and working to help curb child hunger and poverty. Senator Dole’s passion, dedication, and service to our country is a testa-ment to his character and a great blessing to the State of Kansas and our Nation. He is not only an American hero, but a role model, mentor, and a dear friend of mine. There is no person I would rather see be honored with the Congressional Gold Medal than Senator Bob Dole. Please join me in supporting this leg-islation to honor Senator Dole for his unwavering service to our country. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kan-sas (Mr. Y
ODER ). Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois for yield-ing. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleague, Ms. JENKINS , and I appreciate her support in leading this legislation as we sup-port S. 1616, a bill to award the Con-gressional Gold Medal to Senator Bob Dole. Service, sacrifice, and statesman-ship—these are the words that describe Senator Bob Dole, one of Kansas’ proudest native sons and one of the greatest men to serve and walk the Halls of Congress. Born and raised in Russell, Kansas, Senator Dole attended my alma mater, the University of Kansas, where he ex-celled as a three-sport varsity athlete for the Jayhawks. His college career was interrupted by World War II, when he answered his country’s call and enlisted in the U.S. Army. He would distinguish himself in the service, earning several decora-tions and becoming seriously wounded in combat in Italy. Although those wounds would cause a lifelong disability for him, Senator Dole did not shy away from the chal-lenges they presented. He instead used that personal experience to help oth-ers, becoming a fierce advocate for dis-ability rights and the father of the Americans with Disabilities Act. His career in public service spanned over 46 years, with his first election to the Kansas House of Representatives in 1951 and ending with his Presidential campaign and retirement from the Senate in 1996. His legislative and po-litical accomplishments during that time are almost too many to count. His top priority has always been service to others, whether it is people with disabilities, Kansas farmers, or his fellow veterans. Senator Dole has always put his country ahead of him-self, and he stayed grounded in his strong Kansas roots. I can think of no one more fitting to be recognized with a Congressional Gold Medal. As a member of the Kansas delegation, I am truly honored to fol-low in the footsteps of Senator Dole by serving our great State and our great country in Congress. He is an inspira-tion to me and an enduring example of what statesmanship and public service should look like. I ask my colleagues in the House to support this bill and to join me in working daily to uphold Senator Dole’s legacy of service and civility in Con-gress. b1745 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ). Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the legislation my col-league, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. J
ENKINS ), has introduced that would give Bob Dole the Congressional Gold Medal. I am a liberal from Massachusetts, but Bob Dole is one of my heroes. I ad-mire him not only for his statesman-ship and for his civility, but I particu-larly admire him because he has led the effort in this country and around the world to end hunger. Nobody that I can think of, other than George McGovern, who worked with Bob Dole during the 1970s, did more to try to strengthen our nutrition programs and to make sure that no-body in this country, the richest coun-try in the history of the world, went hungry. And he worked in a bipartisan way and ensured that these programs were strengthened so that we were making great progress toward ending hunger in America. And then he joined with George McGovern in the formation of the McGovern-Dole International Food for Education Program. Essentially, this is a program that expands school feeding initiatives all around the world, and millions and millions and millions of children are not only getting fed and getting a nutritious meal, but they are getting fed in a school setting. So they are getting the nutrition they need, and they are getting the education that they need so they can be literate and hopefully lead their countries out of poverty. The developing world cannot develop with an illiterate population, and Sen-ator Dole understood the importance of education but also the importance of nutrition in helping people develop to their potential. And this McGovern-Dole program has also been incredible in getting more young girls into schools. In some coun-tries where education isn’t valued for girls, all of a sudden parents are send-ing their girls to school because they will get fed, and they will get the nu-trition that they need. So Senator Dole, in my opinion, not only deserves this, but he deserves the respect and admiration of everybody in this Chamber, Democrat and Repub-lican alike. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, he should be an example and an inspira-tion to us all. These are very difficult times for our country, and these are very tumultuous times in Washington, but you look at the example of Senator Dole and you realize how good this place can be, how good Congress can be, and how effective Congress can be. You don’t have to agree on every-thing to agree on something, and I think that was Senator Dole’s guiding principle. Where he could agree with people on the other side of the aisle, he reached across and got things done. Where there were disagreements, you know, he fought passionately for his point of view. But he represents the kind of civility and the kind of decency that we need more of in Washington, and so I am 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.014 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6641 September 5, 2017 
proud to support this legislation. I con-gratulate my colleague, Congress-woman J
ENKINS , for leading this effort, and I urge all my colleagues to support it. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kan-sas (Mr. E
STES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a true American hero and one of Kansas’ most treasured sons. I am pleased the House is acting today to award Bob Dole with our Na-tion’s highest civilian honor, the Con-gressional Gold Medal. Bob’s life and legacy stands strong, constant remind-ers of the fundamental values that are at the very core of Kansas and our Na-tion: honor, hard work, sacrifice, and a constant yearning to preserve our lib-erty and many blessings for future gen-erations. When Bob was wounded by enemy fire in the mountains of Italy while trying to save a fellow soldier, his brothers in arms didn’t know if he was going to make it. Bob, of course, wouldn’t give up. He spent years recovering in hospitals and continued putting his life in service to others. He did so with distinction right here in this House and in the United States Senate. He also served in the Kansas House of Representatives and as chair of the Republican National Committee. Through it all, Bob Dole, a true serv-ant leader, has stood as an example of how things are when our politics are at our best, when mutual respect is never lost, and when joy and good humor al-ways have a seat at the table. Today, as Republicans and Demo-crats, we come together to honor Bob, not because we always agree, but be-cause, like Bob, we agree that there are greater causes than ourselves. Addressing the Republican National Convention as Presidential candidate in 1996, Bob closed his remarks by say-ing: ‘‘My life is proof that America is a land without limits. And with my feet on the ground and my heart filled with hope, I put my faith in you and in the God who loves us all. For I am con-vinced that America’s best days are yet to come.’’ Thank you, Bob, for your faith, for your most honored service to Kansas and to our country, and for all you sac-rificed to bring America closer to her best days. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support this. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kan-sas (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Kansas’ favorite son, a hero and mentor of mine, and the former occupant of the congressional office I now hold, Robert J. Dole. Sen-ator Bob Dole never forgot where he is from, Russell, Kansas. Perhaps that is what made him so effective and so be-loved by his constituents. Now at 94 years young, Senator Dole continues to work every day for the causes he supports. He continues as a shining example of international lead-ership, whether it is in the causes he still champions or the work he did in Congress to help feed millions of people around the world. All this work, he does with humility and wit that en-deared him to the Nation and that has been engrained in him as a Kansan. Many weekends, he can still be seen greeting our Nation’s veterans at the World War II Memorial, which he helped build, and he works today on promoting the national memorial to President Eisenhower, his hero and an-other great Kansan. I cannot think of one living Amer-ican more deserving of Congress’ high-est civilian award, which is why I am thrilled that tonight, this very night, the House will join the Senate in pass-ing the Bob Dole Congressional Gold Medal Act. I encourage the President to quickly sign this. I look forward to this vote as much as any I have taken. I am hon-ored to call him friend. I am honored to participate in this vote. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I also have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1616. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DIRECTING THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION TO ALLOW CERTAIN ISSUERS TO BE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2864) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to allow certain issuers to be exempt from reg-istration requirements, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2864 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. APPLICATION OF EXEMPTION. 
The Securities and Exchange Commission shall amend— (1) section 230.251 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to remove the requirement that the issuer not be subject to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) immediately before the offering; and (2) section 230.257 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, with respect to an offering de-scribed in section 230.251(a)(2) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to deem any issuer that is subject to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as having met the periodic and current reporting requirements of section 230.257 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, if such issuer meets the reporting requirements of section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Il-linois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) and the gentle-woman from California (Ms. M
AXINE  W
ATERS ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2864, the Improving Access to Capital Act. I want to start by thank-ing the Democrat and the Republican who are the chief sponsors of this bill, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ) and the gentleman from Indi-ana (Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH ). It is always a pleasure to bring good bipartisan leg-islation to the House floor, especially when the bill is sponsored by my col-leagues on the Financial Services Com-mittee. To continue this job growth and en-sure that we have a stronger and healthier economy with opportunities for all Americans, we must encourage small business growth, and this starts with ensuring that they have access to the capital and credit that they need to grow. This bipartisan bill will help the American economy. It will make it easier for companies, particularly small businesses, to access capital. This is incredibly important because small businesses are the heart and soul of the American economy. In fact, they help to create more than 60 percent of the Nation’s net new jobs over the past 2 decades. This bi-partisan bill before us today carries forward the mission of another bipar-tisan bill, the JOBS Act of 2012, to in-crease capital formation in our U.S. markets so more American workers would be able to find good paying jobs. As part of the JOBS Act, the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission was di-rected to expand something called Reg-ulation A, which is a critical tool for companies that are trying to raise small amounts of money. And the aptly named ‘‘Regulation A-Plus’’ the SEC came up with has been effective. With Regulation A-Plus, prospective issuers have publicly filed 147 offerings seeking up to $2.6 billion in financing. As a comparison, in the 12 months leading up to Regulation A-Plus, there were only about 50 filings seeking to raise $159 million. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.016 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6642 September 5, 2017 
As we are seeing, Regulation A-Plus has opened up an avenue for these small companies to seek financing through the capital markets that will help grow their businesses. And according to the SEC, these companies are small, early-stage busi-nesses with median assets of $100,000 in limited collateral, which often re-stricts their ability to obtain a bank loan or other financing. Unfortunately, not all are able to benefit from Regulation A-Plus. As part of its final rule implementing the JOBS Act, the SEC excluded some small companies. This was contrary to the intent of Congress when we ap-proved the JOBS Act. As a result of the SEC’s final rule, some smaller and midsize companies have been shut out from the benefits of Regulation A-Plus. Additionally, smaller investors also suffer by not having the opportunity to participate in the public markets for early-stage companies and share in their growth. H.R. 2864 is a simple bill that fixes the problem I just described. H.R. 2864 would amend Regulation A-Plus to di-rect the SEC to include companies that are fully reporting under the Securities Exchange Act. This will help more small businesses gain access to capital so they can grow and hire more work-ers. At the same time, it will give small investors greater investment op-portunities. H.R. 2864 was approved by the Finan-cial Services Committee with the over-whelming support of both Republicans and Democrats. In fact, the vote in committee to favorably report H.R. 2864 was 59–0. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of H.R. 2864, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to start off by thanking Representative S
INEMA  and Representative H
OLLINGSWORTH for working together to craft bipartisan legislation that will help smaller pub-lic companies raise the funds necessary to grow and thrive. Specifically, H.R. 2864, the Improving Access to Capital Act, would narrowly expand the relief that we provided in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, the JOBS Act, to allow public companies to raise money under Regu-lation A-Plus. Currently, Regulation A-Plus allows private companies to raise up to $50 million in capital by selling unregis-tered but freely tradable stock to the public as a quicker and less expensive alternative to a fully registered securi-ties offering. Extending Regulation A-Plus eligi-bility to public companies would pro-vide them with an additional efficient method of raising a small fixed amount of capital. To be eligible to use this faster and cheaper fundraising alter-native, public companies must be up to date in their public filings with the Se-curities and Exchange Commission. In addition, public companies must comply with all of the other regulatory requirements in Regulation A-Plus, in-cluding SEC approval or qualification of the offering, disclosure of the offer-ing information to investors, and limi-tations on sales per investor. Importantly, bad actors who have committed certain felonies, mis-demeanors, or other misconduct within the past 5 years are disqualified from using Regulation A-Plus. These restrictions help ensure that investors in Regulation A-Plus offer-ings are informed about their pur-chases and protected from fraud. Mr. Speaker, I support H.R. 2864 for providing targeted relief to public com-panies that balances their need to raise capital with the protection of their in-vestors. b1800 I remain concerned that the Finan-cial Services Committee has adopted a piecemeal approach to private and pub-lic market regulation. Going forward, I hope that we thoughtfully review the securities laws to ensure that our legislative efforts appropriately incentivize companies to become public. Again, I want to thank the bill’s sponsors, especially Ms. SINEMA , for their work on this bipartisan piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my col-leagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2864, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Indi-ana (Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH ), a sponsor of this legislation and a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I spent the last 30 days traveling Indi-ana’s best district—that is the Ninth District—and I had many memorable conversations with many Hoosiers. But one thing came through, and that was we need to work together right here in D.C. in order to get better outcomes for our businesses back home. Nowhere is this better exemplified than this bill, the Improving Access to Capital Act. It is about getting small businesses engaged and empowered with the capital that they need in order to grow, in order to hire, in order to invest. That is exactly what we want them to do. And on the second point, it is excit-ing to me to be able to reach across the aisle and work with Representative S
INEMA , who has been nothing but great in her leadership in her fervent desire to help small businesses all the way across this country. The Improving Access to Capital Act sounds like it might be something eso-teric, and sounds like it might be something that isn’t immediately prac-tical to the small businesses across the Ninth District and across this country, but, in fact, it is something that they can use tomorrow. This creates an-other avenue for small businesses across the country to be able to raise the money that they need in order to innovate, in order to grow, in order to expand, in order to hire more Ameri-cans. This is just simply another arrow in the quiver for them to be able to grow and develop. Small businesses account for the bulk of hiring across this country, they account for the bulk of innovation across this country, and we need to be doing everything we can to continue to promote them. That is exactly what Representative SINEMA and I have done with this particular legislation, is work hard to develop a bipartisan solu-tion, one that was supported unani-mously out of the Financial Services Committee in order to provide those companies with more options and more opportunities to be able to grow. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to vote in favor of this legis-lation and let’s get America back to work again. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, again, I would like to thank the cosponsors for their vision, for their work, and for the bipartisan effort that they so successfully put to-gether. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ), the lead sponsor of this bill. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairmen H
ULTGREN and H ENSARLING , Ranking Member W
ATERS , and Con-gressman H
OLLINGSWORTH for working with me on this bipartisan legislation to improve our capital markets and help more small companies succeed. As part of the JOBS Act, Congress di-rected the Securities and Exchange Commission to amend Regulation A to allow small companies to raise up to $50 million in offerings exempt from full SEC registration. These amend-ments, known as Regulation A-Plus, exclude certain potential issuers, in-cluding Exchange Act reporting compa-nies. As a result, thousands of companies that already meet the SEC’s high dis-closure requirements are ineligible to use Regulation A-Plus to cost-effec-tively raise the funds they need to grow and hire employees. That is why I have introduced this legislation with Congressman H
OL-
LINGSWORTH to allow SEC reporting companies access to Regulation A- Plus. It is a valuable pathway for small businesses to raise money in an effi-cient, public, and transparent manner. I am committed to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to ensure that Arizona’s innovative small businesses have every opportunity to thrive, and I hope that Members will join us today in support of this bipar-tisan legislation. Again, I thank Congressman H
OL-
LINGSWORTH for working with me on this commonsense, bipartisan bill. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I re-serve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:49 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.019 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6643 September 5, 2017 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank Congresswoman S
INEMA and Congressman H
OLLINGSWORTH for their great work on this. This is an impor-tant step that will help our small busi-nesses access the capital that they need to grow and to hire more workers. Mr. Speaker, I encourage support on this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2864, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 5 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H.R. 3110, by the yeas and nays; H.R. 2864, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The second electronic vote will be conducted as a 5-minute vote. 
f 
FINANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL INSURANCE MEMBER CONTINUITY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3110) to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to modify the term of the independent member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 407, nays 1, not voting 25, as follows: 
[Roll No. 439] YEAS—407 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Gohmert 
NOT VOTING—25 
Bonamici Bridenstine Carter (GA) Costa Cummings DeGette DeLauro Garrett Gianforte Gonzalez (TX) Grijalva Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Meng Messer Napolitano Olson Poe (TX) Renacci Scalise Shea-Porter Shimkus Suozzi 
b1852 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 439. 
f 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING SERVICEMEMBERS LOST ON THE USS ‘‘JOHN S. M
CCAIN’’ (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, on August 21, the USS John S. McCain collided with an oil tanker near 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.020 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6644 September 5, 2017 
Singapore, taking the lives of 10 of our sailors: Electronics Technician 2nd Class Kenneth Aaron Smith of Cherry Hill, New Jersey; Electronics Technician 1st Class Charles Nathan Findley, St. Joseph, Missouri; Interior Communications Electrician 1st Class Abraham Lopez, El Paso, Texas; Electronics Technician 2nd Class Kevin Sayer Bushell, Gaithersburg, Maryland; Electronics Technician 2nd Class Jacob Daniel Drake, Cable Township, Ohio; Information Systems Technician 2nd Class Timothy Thomas Eckels, Jr., Manchester, Maryland; Information Systems Technician 2nd Class Corey George Ingram, Pough-keepsie, New York; Electronics Technician 2nd Class Dustin Louis Doyon, Suffield, Con-necticut; Electronics Technician 3rd Class John Henry Hoagland III of Killeen, Texas; My constituent from Decatur, Illi-nois, Interior Communications Elec-trician 3rd Class Logan Stephen Palm-er. Although I never had the chance to meet Officer Palmer, his parents and his friends remember him as a com-mitted sailor, a loving son, and a brother. The service and sacrifice of these brave men is not lost on this House and will always be remembered by the country they dedicated their lives to serve and protect. This accident is a grave reminder of the risks our service-members and their families take on for our country and all of us each and every day. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to join me in a moment of silence to honor these sons, brothers, fathers, and patri-ots for their service to our Nation and to pray for their family and friends during this difficult time. 
f 
DIRECTING THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION TO ALLOW CERTAIN ISSUERS TO BE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of Georgia). Without objection, 5- minute voting will continue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2864) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to allow certain issuers to be exempt from reg-istration requirements, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 403, nays 3, not voting 27, as follows: [Roll No. 440] YEAS—403 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hastings Heck Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—3 
Hartzler Jones Vela 
NOT VOTING—27 
Aguilar Bonamici Bridenstine Cooper Costa Cummings DeGette DeLauro Garrett Gianforte Gonzalez (TX) Grijalva Gutie´rrez Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Meng Messer Napolitano Olson Poe (TX) Posey Renacci Scalise Shea-Porter Shimkus Suozzi 
b1907 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present due to the funeral of my mother. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall votes No. 439 and No. 440. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend Floor votes due to the expected birth of my child. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 439, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 440. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF THE CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR THE DIS-TRICT OF COLUMBIA SPECIAL OLYMPICS LAW ENFORCEMENT TORCH RUN Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the concurrent resolu-tion (H. Con. Res. 69) authorizing the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.024 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6645 September 5, 2017 
use of the Capitol Grounds for the Dis-trict of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee). Is there objec-tion to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 69 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. AUTHORIZATION OF USE OF CAPITOL GROUNDS FOR D.C. SPECIAL OLYM-PICS LAW ENFORCEMENT TORCH RUN. 
On October 6, 2017, or on such other date as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Adminis-tration of the Senate may jointly designate, the 32d annual District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘event’’) may be run through the Capitol Grounds to carry the Special Olympics torch to honor local Special Olympics athletes. 
SEC. 2. RESPONSIBILITY OF CAPITOL POLICE BOARD. 
The Capitol Police Board shall take such actions as may be necessary to carry out the event. 
SEC. 3. CONDITIONS RELATING TO PHYSICAL PREPARATIONS. 
The Architect of the Capitol may prescribe conditions for physical preparations for the event. 
SEC. 4. ENFORCEMENT OF RESTRICTIONS. 
The Capitol Police Board shall provide for enforcement of the restrictions contained in section 5104(c) of title 40, United States Code, concerning sales, advertisements, displays, and solicitations on the Capitol Grounds, as well as other restrictions applicable to the Capitol Grounds, in connection with the event. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 1697 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
USH) be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 1697, as his name was added in error. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. 
f 
SUPPORT DREAMERS (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, the tragic announcement made by the Trump administration to kill the DACA program is heartbreaking, reck-less, and wrong. This decision means that our country is turning its back on 800,000 young, hardworking immigrants who only know America as their home. Each of these DREAMers has a compel-ling story and a desire to pursue their educational and professional opportu-nities, while strengthening our Nation. Mr. Speaker, that is why I am proud to have introduced the DREAM Act along with my good friend, Congress-woman LUCILLE ROYBAL -ALLARD , to give these young individuals the cer-tainty to plan for a future in our great country, their great country. For too long, their dreams have been put on hold and they have been living under constant fear. I call on each one of my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, to come together so that we can pass a legisla-tive solution that is humane. This is long overdue, Mr. Speaker. Let’s not wait months for a vote. The lives of hundreds of thousands of bright, tal-ented, and patriotic young men and women are at stake. Mr. Speaker, let’s show now that Congress does indeed have a heart. 
f 
HURRICANE HARVEY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, to all of my colleagues and the American people, thanks so much for the out-pouring of love from volunteers, first responders, and so many rescuers that came to Hurricane Harvey. Let me thank my mayor, Mayor Tur-ner; the county judge, Judge Emmett; all of the commissioners and council members. Let me thank, most of all, our first responders and all of those who sacrificed their lives; some who died, an officer who died. Let me thank the Marines, the Navy, the Army, and the Texas National Guard. Let me thank the people who suffered through and are still suffering through this dis-aster, the most significant historic natural disaster in the history of the United States. They are needing food and shelter still. They are needing the help of this great Congress. They are needing love and prayers, and I am prayerful that we will go together, walking together, and providing the money that these victims need. Let me give you a sad story. As I left Houston today, announcements were coming to those in apartments: You are evicted, with no place to go. Yes, the apartments were destroyed, but there is no place to go. We need a continuing effort to be able to help them. We need the EPA to inspect the various chemical plants, and we need FEMA to be staffed more, and to be able to address some of the funding needs that we have. The debris is unbelievable; maybe $200-plus billion, but all I can say is that the lives were lost, but we are still prayerful. To the Saldivar family who lost four children in a drowning: My prayers are with you. We continue to lift them up, and work as Americans to make sure they are whole. God bless the people in the southeast where Irma might come. Mr. Speaker, I conclude by simply saying: Please don’t let the DACA young people be thrown out in this dev-astating time. They, too, need to be embraced. f 
b1915 ANNUAL AUGUST BUS TOUR (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, each August, I conduct a bus tour of South Carolina’s Second Con-gressional District with my wife, Rox-anne, and dedicated staff members from all offices. I would like to specifi-cally recognize scheduler Emily Saleeby for this year’s very meaning-fully coordinated schedule. It was humbling and inspiring to meet with constituents and visit 30 lo-cations from small businesses and schools to local chambers of commerce and large employers. I took the oppor-tunity to thank employees for their service, and employers for creating jobs in all five counties I represent. Many of the businesses were multi-generation success stories, such as Form Tool Technology in Elgin found-ed by Mike and Roxann Robbins; The Marwin Company in West Columbia led by Andy Davis; Anovotek in Barnwell founded by Don Alexander; and Hansen International in Lexington led by Lisa Beebe. The pro-development policies of South Carolina were also highlighted by Kimberly-Clark corporation’s larg-est manufacturing facility in North America located in Beech Island with 2,000 employees. I am additionally grateful for Prin-cipal Anna Miller of Chapin Middle School; Dr. Sandra Jordan, chancellor of USC-Aiken; Director Sandra Sigmon of North Family Community School; and Principal Jacqualine Kasprowski of Cardinal Newman High School for their emphasis on proactive education across the district. A final stop was to thank Gary David of WVOC Radio in promoting relief ef-forts for the recovery of Hurricane Har-vey in Houston. Additional stops included BAE Systems hosted by Michael Eaton, Aiken Rotary Club hosted by John McMichael, Jr., Hubbell Power Systems hosted by Pete Swales, Ahh Sun-shine hosted by Jim Hanna, CVS Caremark 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.026 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6646 September 5, 2017 
Distribution Center hosted by Elizabeth Brooks, Frank Donaghy, and Tom Moriarty, Alley Downtown Taproom hosted by Norman Dunagan, Irmo Chamber of Commerce hosted by Kerry Powers, K2Tech hosted by Zach Minton, Cayce-West Columbia Rotary hosted by Marnie Robinson, Menchie’s Frozen Yogurt hosted by Jorge Gonzales, Mathnasium hosted by Annette Sudduth, Coca-Cola hosted by Alison Patient, FN America hosted by Greg Butler, South Carolina Vocations & Individual Advancement (SCVIA), a division of Goodwill Industries of Upstate/Midlands, SC, Inc. hosted by Mike Adams, Duck Donuts hosted by Katie McCanna, Brittons of Columbia hosted by Perry Lancaster, Shealy’s Bar-B- Que hosted by Tommy Shealy, and Ansaldo STS hosted by Joseph Eiseman. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
ENDING THE DEFERRED ACTION FOR CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS PRO-GRAM (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, from its earliest days, the Trump adminis-tration has embraced disastrous immi-gration policies. First was the uncon-stitutional Muslim ban rooted in fear rather than fact. Then came the obses-sion with an ineffective and expensive border wall. But today we have reached a new low. In our justice system, people are held responsible for their actions. With the announcement of the end of DACA, we are throwing aside this principle. In-stead, we are punishing youth who, through the actions of their parents, happen to be in the country without authorization. The average DACA re-cipient was barely 6 when she came to the U.S., yet the administration today has said that she should be deported to a land that she has never called home. DACA recipients—the students, workers, and servicemembers in Rhode Island and around the Nation—are our friends. They are our neighbors. We cannot and we must not abandon them. 
f 
RECOGNIZING U.S. FOREST SERV-ICE CHIEF TIDWELL ON HIS RE-TIREMENT (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the distinguished career of U.S. Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell, who has dedicated himself to public service for more than 40 years. Tom retired on Friday, September 1. Over the last four decades, Chief Tid-well climbed the ranks, starting as a firefighter and becoming a district ranger, then forest supervisor, before leading more than 30,000 employees of the U.S. Forest Service. Chief Tidwell worked on collabo-rative approaches to combat wildfires, maintain support for forests and grass-lands, and support community-based partnerships to reduce appeals and in-crease work. Since Tom was named chief in 2009, the Forest Service has enhanced treat-ments to improve and protect the health and strength of our forests and grasslands. Because of Chief Tidwell’s vision, we have seen an emphasis on ac-tive management, forest products, and clean water. Under Tom’s leadership, the agency has made strides in helping the eco-system remain sustainable while ad-dressing the many challenges threat-ening America’s forests, grasslands, and rural communities. We are deeply grateful for Tom’s 40 years of commitment and service. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chief Tidwell for his friendship and his service, and I wish him the best in his retirement. f 
PROTECTING DREAMERS (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, today the President made clear that he refuses to protect DREAMers. It is now imperative that Congress acts to protect DREAMers before DACA ends. This issue is personal for me because I, too, was brought to our country by my parents as a child. The hope for a better life which carried my parents here from oceans away was no different from that of the parents of DREAMers and generations of immigrants before. DREAMers play a vital role in our economy, and ending DACA would cost our country nearly half a trillion dol-lars over 10 years. But the contribu-tions of DREAMers go beyond any sin-gle statistic: DREAMers have built their lives here, started families here, built businesses here, and bled in uni-form for the only home they have ever known. I urge Speaker R
YAN and my col-leagues from both parties to come to-gether to defend DREAMers and to de-velop a comprehensive approach to im-migration built on American values. 
f 
HONORING SHERIFF THOMAS MILLS ON HIS RETIREMENT (Mr. FASO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor and congratulate Delaware County Sheriff Thomas Mills of Mere-dith, New York, on the occasion of his retirement from a 54-year career of service to his Nation and local commu-nity. A lifelong resident of Delaware Coun-ty, Sheriff Mills enlisted with the U.S. Marine Corps for 3 years after grad-uating from Franklin High School, and he was also deployed to Santo Domingo during the Dominican Civil War in 1965. Sheriff Mills attained the rank of corporal before returning to upstate New York, where he dedicated himself to protecting his local community through law enforcement at the State and local levels. Sheriff Mills retired on August 28, 2017, after more than 18 years of service as sheriff of Delaware County, during which time he built the new public safety building and jail as well as im-plemented the countywide 9/11 system. Sheriff Mills is a pillar of our Dela-ware County community, and I thank him and salute him and his family for their service, sacrifice, and never-end-ing desire to give back to their neigh-bors. f 
TERMINATING DEFERRED ACTION FOR CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, President Trump’s decision to end the DACA pro-gram is wrong. Today’s announcement impacts over 22,000 New Jerseyans and over 800,000 people across the country. The primary beneficiaries of DACA are young people who were brought here to this country by no decision of their own. In New Jersey, most DACA recipients are in the group of 18 to 21 years of age. At that age, they should be focused on college, developing trades, and overall sharpening their skills that will ulti-mately benefit our Nation. Unfortunately, their future is now at the mercy of Congress. This issue tran-scends party, Mr. Speaker. Our deci-sions in the next 6 months will deter-mine the future of hundreds of thou-sands of young people. We must make the right decision to protect DREAM-ers. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 75TH ANNIVERSARY OF WHITNEY POINT LAKE AND DAM (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 75th anniversary of Whitney Point Lake and dam in Broome County, New York. A popular tourist destination, Whit-ney Point Lake welcomes more than 115,000 people annually. The 4,578-acre lake offers fishing, swimming, trails, playgrounds, and more than 100 picnic sites. As an important fixture in our com-munities, Whitney Point Lake and dam brings more than $3 million annually to our local economy and plays a piv-otal role in limiting flooding. Unfortunately, as we have seen this year, our region is also subject to dev-astating floods. While it is impossible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.010 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6647 September 5, 2017 
to prevent all floods, we can see some mitigation from the effects of flooding due to Whitney Point Lake and dam this year. Since Whitney Point Lake was com-pleted in 1942, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ project has prevented more than $717 million in potential flood damage. For its continued benefits both to the local and downstream communities, as well as the hundreds of thousands that enjoy its recreational opportunities, it is an honor today to recognize the 75th anniversary of Whitney Point Lake and dam. 
f 
RECOGNIZING 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF SIXTH MOUNT ZION BAPTIST CHURCH (Mr. M
CEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of a pillar of the Richmond community. This year, Richmonders and parishioners cele-brate the 150th anniversary of Sixth Mount Zion Baptist Church. Sixth Mount Zion Baptist Church has been a central institution in our com-munity since its founding in 1867 by Reverend John Jasper. The church was founded in an abandoned Confederate horse stable on Brown’s Island and, since then, has been a pillar of our community. The long history of supporting the community has continued under the leadership of six distinguished leaders, including the current pastor, Reverend Tyrone Nelson. Reverend Nelson is a fellow alumnus of Virginia Union University’s Samuel DeWitt Proctor School of Theology, a member of Henrico County Board of Supervisors, and a longtime friend. Sixth Mount Zion Baptist Church has addressed the social concerns of the city’s residents and was one of the first Black churches to have an organized charity with a staff social worker available to help our community. Mr. Speaker, Sixth Mount Zion Bap-tist Church continues to assist commu-nity members with resources necessary to overcome life’s obstacles. I pray that Sixth Mount Zion Baptist Church will thrive in our community for another 150 years. 
f 
FIRES IN THE WEST (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, appro-priately and necessarily, we will be ad-dressing the issue of Hurricane Harvey and its devastating effects on Texas, Louisiana, and our American col-leagues down there. But also we have a crisis going on in the West. Tens of thousands of acres of our forests are going up in smoke this year just like every year. The inability of the Forest Service to act due to lawsuits and lack of will is inexcusable. Our people are suffering in the West as well: Montana, tens of thousands of acres; northern California and many other areas. It ruins the habitat, it ruins the air quality, it ruins the water quality, and it ruins the people’s assets of what they own in their Federal land and the Forest Service. It eliminates jobs. It is harmful to our part of the country. We need to do something about this crisis that hap-pens every year and is happening right now to the people of the West, to the habitat of the West, and to our natural lands. Mr. Speaker, we must take action very soon on this and not continue to ignore it. It is hardly even in the news of what a devastating effect this is of wildfire every year in our forests in our Western States. f 
FIRES IN OREGON (Mr. BLUMENAUER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I support my friend from California in urging that this body focus on this cri-sis in the West. With the outrage that has happened with the DACA students and with the tragedy in Houston, there are lots of things to occupy our time. But the firefighting in the West has impacted thousands of people. I have people who are forced to evacuate in my community. We have 24 large fires in Montana, 19 in Oregon, and 17 in California. But what is really outrageous is that the Republican leadership in the House re-fuses to treat these disasters the same way we would treat Hurricane Harvey or Hurricane Katrina being able to put disaster funding on the table. We are going to completely exhaust those resources in a matter of days, and then we are going to cannibalize the Forest Service budget that could be used to strengthen forest protections, put people to work, and avoid problems in the future. That is outrageous. We have bipartisan legislation that would pass if the Republican leadership would allow it on the floor of the House. But at a minimum, we should not have any disaster relief that doesn’t have money for these tragic fires in the West. 
f 
LET US VOTE ON DACA (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, today the Trump administration announced that it in-tends to crush the hopes of 800,000 DREAMers and cause them to live in fear each and every day, because that is what ending the DACA program will do. Despite his many promises and say-ing that he has a heart, the President is persecuting young people who have done nothing more than come to this country in their parents’ arms. They know no other language. They know no other country. Ending the DACA program is opposed by the leadership of both parties and by the majorities in both Chambers. It is opposed by the clear majority of the American people. But this Congress can do something to fix this. I am confident that if we put the BRIDGE Act, the American Hope Act, and the American Dream Act on the floor, if the Republican leaders would allow a vote, then it would pass. DACA is in our court now. Let’s have a vote and keep this lifeline to the American Dream alive. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. f 
b1930 LCWR ASSEMBLY STATEMENT ON U.S.-DPRK CRISIS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, during World War II, a wise admonition from our military read: ‘‘Loose lips sink ships.’’ In other words, beware of un-guarded talk. Of late, our world has witnessed an unprecedented escalation in tension with North Korea and its deranged ty-rant, including North Korea’s recent firing of a missile over Japan. Yet President Trump’s reaction to the on-going North Korean crisis has been an unguarded yielding of dangerous words of war. His improvised remarks have stunned experts, allies, and even his own advisers. Instead of thorough diplomatic pres-sure and international consensus build-ing, President Trump has done the op-posite. His unpredictable rhetoric lacks strategic thought. It puts American troops stationed in South Korea and our regional allies at greater risk. This administration is understaffing the State Department, weakening its ability to handle the sort of diplomacy I am speaking of. In the President’s 2018 budget, the State Department is really an afterthought, with major ac-counts cut to the bone. Thankfully, there are voices of rea-son, including the respected Leadership Conference of Women Religious. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD their statement against fear-mongering and advising dialogue is more productive than rhetoric, and connection more transformative than threats of destruc-tion. 
LCWR A SSEMBLY STATEMENT ON THE US— DPRK C
RISIS  This week, while tensions between the gov-ernments of the United States and the Peo-ple’s Republic of Korea quickly escalated, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.031 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6648 September 5, 2017 
approximately 650 members of the Leader-ship Conference of Women Religious meeting in Orlando, FL issued a public statement im-ploring President Donald J. Trump to engage in dialogue and negotiation: At this critical moment for our country and global community, we—the approxi-mately 650 members of the Leadership Con-ference of Women Religious gathered in as-sembly—have discerned the Gospel call to embody love for the sake of the world. We believe that love is more powerful than fear, dialogue more productive than rhetoric, and connection more transformative than threats of destruction. We call on President Trump to engage in constructive dialogue and negotiation to re-solve the current crisis between the govern-ments of the United States and the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea in a man-ner that guarantees the peace and security that all people seek. We commit ourselves to promote non-violence and a compassionate response to the thirst of the world for integrity and com-munion. f 
DACA TERMINATION (Ms. CLARKE of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my strong opposition to the administra-tion’s cruel and inhumane decision to terminate the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA. President Obama first implemented DACA in 2012, to ensure that the hun-dreds of thousands of immigrant chil-dren, many of whom are young adults and have lived in the United States for years and known no other home other than the United States, have a place here in America. This program was rooted in the best of our political tradi-tion and intended as a temporary fix until Congress chose to take action. In 2013, the Senate rose to the chal-lenge and passed a bipartisan reform proposal. However, this Chamber cal-lously refused to even consider the Gang of Eight proposal and instead let it die a slow and painful legislative death. We are now being called upon to re-sume the fight, and we must not squan-der this opportunity. What my col-leagues need to understand here and now is that this is not a game. The fate of nearly a million people hangs in the balance. Today’s coldhearted decision will impact their health, wellness, fam-ilies, and earning potential for years to come. DREAMers are generally begin-ning the most productive years of their lives. This is not a hypothetical question. It is real. We need to get to work, Mr. Speaker, right away. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OHRABACHER ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, before I get into a rather elongated dis-cussion about one fundamental issue that we are having to decide in the next few days, I would like to just men-tion that we have just heard severe criticism of our President. Let me just note about President Trump and his rhetoric supposedly making things worse in Korea. The rhetoric of our President has not made the situation worse in Korea. What made the situation in Korea a major threat to our country and to our people and to the world was that, dur-ing the Clinton administration, Presi-dent Clinton pushed through this Con-gress a package of aid for North Korea. Yes, we gave billions of dollars of aid in the form of energy and other types of issues and things that they needed. We gave them billions of dollars of aid under the agreement that North Korea would not be developing their nuclear weapons. At that time, Chris Cox, a Member of the House of Representatives at the time, and myself fought aggressively against that deal. The North Koreans ended up being the recipient of billions of dollars of aid, even though they were the most antidemocratic institution, the greatest threat, and the greatest tyrants in that part of the world. Yes, they knew that they didn’t have to worry about the United States of America. That is when they, again, slowly but surely, after receiving bil-lions of dollars from us, pushed through by President Clinton, that is how they have gotten to this point now where they are exploding weapons and launching rockets. They are blaming that on our Presi-dent, who just recently became Presi-dent, and they are blaming it on his rhetoric rather than his policy? It is ri-diculous. The other thing we have heard about our President again is how heartless he is because he is not permitting young people who have been designated as DREAMers to stay here in the United States, even though they are in this country illegally, and they were brought here illegally. Now, what is the impact? What will be the impact to those young people, who are probably wonderful young peo-ple? Most of them, I am sure, are won-derful young people. But the bottom line is, our interests and our moral ob-ligation must be to the well-being of American young people. That includes American young people who are of every race and every religion and every ethnic group. Approving the people who have come here illegally will hurt American young people, especially American-His-panic young people. The DREAMers will be competing with their jobs and, yes, bidding down the wages of our own young people and our other people who are trying to struggle right now to get by. No, what the President has done is watch out for the right young people: Americans. Yes, we have had millions of people— in fact, for the last few years, over a million people—legally immigrate into our country. We have nothing to be ashamed of, nothing to apologize for. We are the most generous when it comes to legal immigration into our society of any country in the world. In fact, at times recently, the amount of legal immigration we have been allow-ing into our country represents more than all the other countries of the world in what they have permitted to legally immigrate into their society. We all feel for young people through-out the world who deserve a better life. But if we permit people to come here as young people illegally, and then legal-ize their status, every parent in the world will see that decision. Every par-ent in the world will say: Oh, my gosh, that young person who comes from Guatemala, or wherever it is, made it to America. He went in illegally, and now he is going to a junior college. He has had some health problems. The American taxpayers have paid for it. Why can’t I bring my children there? Well, it will dawn on them that mil-lions of people—hundreds of millions, perhaps—that if they are going to come to the United States illegally, you bet-ter bring the kids, because Americans think more of those kids than they do their own kids. I applaud the President for what he has done to slow down this betrayal of American young people by allowing young people to come in here illegally and thus expect that they are going to get legal status by wearing us down and appealing to our emotions. One thing we have to note, in closing on this issue, those young people, if they are legalized, that is not the end of the game. At that point, when they are legalized, they have a right to make applications so that their par-ents can have their status legalized. They can bring in family that they left back in their home countries. Now they can apply to have them come in under family reunification. This isn’t just about a group of young people who came in. Even to legalize their status would be wrong. Other-wise, millions of other people will come here. Remember the trainloads of young people who were put on trains headed to the United States? Yes, we can expect more of that. Why not? If you love your children and you live anywhere else than the United States and you are living a poor life, of course you want to bring your kids here. We should not be encouraging that, and we should not be attacking the President of the United States for standing up for our own young people, rather than trying to bring a massive flood of illegal immigrant children into our society and pay for their education and their healthcare, et cetera. With that said, the issue that I am hoping to discuss in detail tonight is something on a totally different level, in terms of issue. This is an issue, whether you are Republican or Demo-crat, you go across the board; whether 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.014 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6649 September 5, 2017 
liberal or conservative, there should be a close look at what is happening right now in the House of Representatives. A decision will soon be made by the House Rules Committee—they are meeting tonight and tomorrow—that will have a dramatic and direct impact on the lives of millions of Americans. Although the issue will have such se-vere consequences on so many people, Members of Congress may or may not have had the opportunity and may not have the opportunity in the future to vote on the provision that is being dis-cussed tonight. What I am talking about at issue is an amendment submitted to the Rules Committee. For those who don’t know, the Rules Committee is a committee here in Congress that decides what will come to the floor for a vote—what bills—and what will be included; what amendments will be permitted, what amendments won’t, and if there will be any. That is their job. They do a good job of it, but it is important that they do a job that reflects the American people and the interests of the American peo-ple. So what we have is an amendment that has been submitted to the Rules Committee for consideration with this week’s appropriations bill. What I am talking about is an amendment which prohibits any of the money or re-sources in the appropriations bill for the Department of Justice; it prevents that money or the resources that come from the Department of Justice, pur-chased by that revenue; it says that the Department of Justice can’t use that money that is being given to them in the appropriations bill to supersede a State law when that State has legal-ized the medical use of marijuana. Now, that is my amendment. That amendment has been around. As many of my colleagues know, this amend-ment has a long history. The House has considered this issue numerous times since former Representative Maurice Hinchey of New York introduced the first amendment of this nature in 2001. I joined him and supported that provi-sion. Eventually, I became the lead spon-sor of the amendment when Mr. Hin-chey left. That year, in 2012, my amendment failed in the House by a vote of 162–262. So, in 2012, my amendment, which would have legalized medical mari-juana—basically, saying that you can’t have the Federal Government super-sede States when they have legalized medical marijuana—lost by 162–262. Two years later, I teamed up with Representative Sam Farr, who is also now retired, and saw the amendment pass—the very same amendment we were able to reach out to our col-leagues and say that we do not want any of the money that is being allo-cated for the Department of Justice to be used to supercede States’ rights. That cannot supersede a State that has legalized the medical use of marijuana. The passage of the amendment in 2004 led to the inclusion of this provi-sion in last year’s omnibus appropria-tions bill, which was signed into law December 2014. The following year, the amendment passed by an even larger margin. Let me note that the last time it came here for a vote on the floor, it passed by 242–186. What we are talking about is that the people of the United States, over these years, over and over again, have expressed themselves to the Federal Government by passing laws in their own States to legalize the medical use of marijuana. b1945 And now we have a move to try to prevent those reforms that we put into place for the last 6 years that insisted that the Federal Government respect the State laws that have been changed so that the State laws that have given their own people permission to use medical marijuana for medical pur-poses, now what we see is an effort to try to prevent that from happening. In other words, the status quo for 4 years has been the Federal Government will not interfere because the Depart-ment of Justice is not permitted to use its resources to supersede a State that has legalized the medical use of mari-juana. And the States, in these 4 years, over and over and over again, have re-affirmed and have sometimes put in place brand-new law that permits their people to use medical marijuana. Changing the status quo here by not adding that amendment that has been in the bill for the last 4 years, we are changing the status quo in a way that undermines the rights of the States and the people therein to make their policy, a right that we had acknowl-edged for the last 4 years. Since it was first enacted into law, the provision has been updated and ex-tended through a series of continuing resolutions. That is the bill that says we will respect State marijuana laws and omnibus appropriations bills, the last of which was signed into law by President Trump on April 5. So, on April 5, we signed the omnibus bill. In that bill was the amendment that said the Justice Department will not use its resources to supersede State law. And since the first vote in 2014, the Senate Appropriations Committee has taken up the issue and has adopted this amendment on a bipartisan basis every year for the last few years. As a result of this provision, the Fed-eral Government has been prohibited from arresting or attacking those pro-viding cannabis for medical purposes in the States that have passed such laws through their State legislature or through a direct vote of their own peo-ple. So, to date, what are we talking about? We are talking about 46 States that have legalized some form of can-nabis for medical purposes. Yet we see, today, this Republican Congress is seriously considering what? Superseding those States, 46 States that have actually said: We will deter-mine what is good for our people, and our people have voted overwhelmingly to permit medical marijuana to be used by the people of this State. We are considering changing the sta-tus quo tonight by not permitting the amendment that always gave the rights to the States to make that deci-sion. With this movement by the States, we have witnessed the emergence of a new and a major industry in America. Billions of dollars now are being in-vested in the exploding cannabis indus-try, an industry where now marijuana is being grown to provide clinics, which then they work on the cannabis itself. They put it into and they catalog it in terms of strength and in terms of dos-age, and they work with doctors to make sure that this can be used for helping people with their maladies. Those involved, all who are doing this, the ones who are providing the cannabis, the guys who are processing it, the people who are selling it, the people who want to make sure that ev-erything is designated right, the strength and the character of what is being sold, and, of course, a book-keeping system that makes sure every-body knows, total, who is doing what, all those involved in this new industry, billions of dollars’ worth of industry, are respectable businessmen and -women. Yes, they are seeking profit, but these are men and women who are eager to be, yes, seeking profit and to be responsible and transparent; and just like any other member of the busi-ness community, they want to do a business efficiently, and they want to be held accountable for what they are doing. Money should be accounted for, yes. Ingredients of products must be verified and labeled. Standard business practices ought to be applied, and, of course, taxes and regulations are part of that equation. Well, throughout the country, this industry is taking the public away from gangsters, away from criminal drug dealers. Now, who is being helped? But first let me note on that. If we eliminate this right of the States to basically legalize the medical use of marijuana and put it in the hands of those people whom I have just described, honest businessmen who are going to be held accountable and held with transparent types of operations, no, they will be replaced by whom? They will be replaced by drug dealers. They will be replaced by the Mexican drug cartel. That is who is being helped if we eliminate this provision that has been part of the appropriations bill for the Department of Justice for the last 3 years. So why are we thinking about help-ing, not only just superseding what the people locally have voted for—why aren’t we thinking about that?—but worse than that, why are we thinking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.036 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6650 September 5, 2017 
about transferring those billions of dol-lars now in this industry directly into the pockets of the drug cartels? That is what the vote is. The vote is not, oh, we are going to stop anybody from using marijuana be-cause marijuana is bad. That is not the vote. That is not the result of the vote. The result of the vote will be billions of dollars immediately transferred into the pockets of the drug cartel. That is what will happen. So I implore my colleagues to look closely with this vote. I hope that the Rules Committee will see the error of its ways and permit a vote on the floor on this issue. If not, I will be calling on my colleagues to join me in opposing the rule that is coming to the floor that prohibits us from voting on this issue. If we vote on the issue, let’s all vote on the issue and let the voters hold us accountable for our vote, but don’t just let nobody have a vote on it and hide behind anonymity. No, let’s let the people know what side we are on. Do we want to have drug cartels being handed billions of dollars? That is what this is about. Oh, yes, we are going to say, well, fewer people will use marijuana. No, I do not believe that for an instant. And especially people who are using it for medical purposes, there won’t be fewer of them. Those people still need med-ical marijuana, and they have arthritis and all kinds—the Vietnam—actually, not Vietnam vets, but the vets coming back from the Gulf. The veterans are coming back, and they know that this can help them. We are now turning off the supply of medical marijuana to people who can be helped, and then what are we doing? We are giving the money that is being made by honest businessmen now in a transparent way, trying to run some-thing where taxes are paid and every-body is held accountable, anything they sell is labeled—no, no. All of that is out the window because someone thinks marijuana, itself, is evil. Children, especially those who are af-flicted by seizures, have been treated through the use of CBD oils. That is a derivative of cannabis, and it appears to be effective. Senior citizens are both physically and psychologically assisted in dealing with some of the challenges that often come with old age. Alzheimer’s, arthri-tis, chronic pain, these are things that our seniors, when they are sitting in old folks homes or wherever, they suf-fer, and we say: No, you can’t try mari-juana; no, we are not going to let you legally be able to obtain that as some-thing that might help you with your suffering. How ridiculous is that? All Americans who suffer from dis-eases ranging from Crohn’s disease to cancer, the potential to receive med-ical benefit from cannabis is clear. And the wounded American soldiers coming home from the Middle East, they have come to our offices. They have been in my office, and I am sure they have been in other people’s offices to explain the positive effects of can-nabis in dealing with PTSD. In fact, the American Legion, an or-ganization chartered in the aftermath of World War I to represent veterans, adopted a resolution last month urging the Federal Government to allow VA physicians to discuss and to rec-ommend the use of medical marijuana in accordance with State laws. My goodness, I will just have to say that for us to turn our back on these seniors, to say that these people who have young children who had seizures and they couldn’t stop them and to turn our back on those people, to turn our back on our veterans, that is what this vote is all about. This isn’t about, oh, well, somebody can just go smoke marijuana. And, by the way, if an adult is smok-ing marijuana in their backyard, yes, I don’t think that we should waste police resources and billions of dollars of law enforcement money to try to stop an adult from using marijuana in his backyard. But that is not the issue. The issue is whether States that have legalized the medical use of it should be superseded by us here, by the vote that we are going to have here in the next few days. Let me tell you something about how I didn’t know how the public would re-spond to the fact that I am one of the leaders in this whole effort to legalize the medical use of cannabis. You know, I was Ronald Reagan’s speechwriter, and I have been a Repub-lican all my life. I get the top score on conservative groups that, you know, are giving you a score of how you voted and everything. I have received very high marks in all of those groups, and I have been a conservative voter. I have a conservative, libertarian background. I was Ronald Reagan’s speechwriter for 7
1⁄2years in the White House. I got elected in 1988, the last year of Reagan’s term in the White House, and I sort of slipped into this issue because it is a principled issue to me. The prin-ciple is freedom, liberty, justice, and if you are not hurting somebody else; but especially we should let people who are suffering, at the very least give them some leeway when it comes to medical uses. Well, I knew that I was getting a lot of publicity on this, and a fellow came into my office to talk to me about a to-tally different issue, about an aero-space issue. I am one of the senior members of the Science Committee, and I said—now, this guy represents, to me, my typical voter, my conservative voter in Canton, California. The conservative voter was a guy who has been a commander or a cap-tain in the U.S. Navy, a pilot. He was now in aerospace, and I am sure he al-ways voted Republican. And so I asked him, I said: Look, what do you think about the fact that the guy you have been voting for all this time is now the leader in the fight to legalize medical marijuana for the people of this State and this country? He looked at me, and he said: DANA, you really don’t know me very well. I said: Well, I know you are a former pilot in the Navy and you are now in aerospace and you are a conservative vote. And he says: Yeah, but you don’t know that I have three sons—three sons—and the day after 9/11, they all marched off and joined the military. And then what you don’t know also is, a few years later, two of them came back, but the third one who came back wasn’t my son anymore. The third one that came back was on the floor in sei-zures because he had been in some kind of an explosion that had rattled his brain, and he was on the floor over these seizures and they wouldn’t stop. How would you feel about your child on the floor having seizures that you can-not stop? And now when I tell these people: We don’t care about that; you are not going to get to try medical mari-juana—well, this guy said he tried ev-erything. He took him to the VA, and it didn’t help. After about a year, this guy said one of the guys at the VA hos-pital pulled him aside and said: Hey, you want to help your son? See me off campus. They saw him in his office off the VA hospital, and the guy said: Look, your son needs marijuana. Here is the pre-scription. Here is how to use it. Go do it. And do you know what the guy said to me there in my office? He said: My son hasn’t had a seizure since that day. You wonder what I want to do about you being the point man on legalizing medical marijuana? I want to go over and give you a big hug. That is what he said. b2000 Now, I hope that my colleagues take this seriously because there are chil-dren on the floor having these seizures. There are veterans waiting there in sei-zures. There are old folks who are hav-ing arthritis and they can’t move their hands, or they have lost their appetites in these senior citizen homes. There is nothing wrong with us using cannabis to help alleviate their pain. We have been doing that for 3 years, and now the Rules Committee may not even permit us to have a vote on it, and they will take it out of this bill. We will be taking this away, without even having our people have to vote on it or not. Well, I say if you disagree with me, that is fine. If you don’t think the drug cartels will be enriched, fine. Come up and make your arguments. When I lost this vote on a number of occasions, before we won 3 or 4 years ago, I lived with it. I said: Fine; I lost the vote. I respect those people’s opin-ion, and they beat me. Well, I expect that is what a democ-racy is supposed to be all about. That is what it is supposed to be all about. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.037 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6651 September 5, 2017 
Let people be held accountable for this. Don’t take it out of the bill. If they take it out of the judiciary appropria-tions bill, I am asking my colleagues to stand up and vote against a rule that is shielding us from accountability, shielding us from having to have, basi-cally, responsibility for handing bil-lions of dollars over to the drug car-tels. Now the argument, of course, is: Oh, there is an opiate—you know, some kind of, what do they call it, an epi-demic. An epidemic that is crossing America is opiates. Well, yes, there is. When young people, or old people, are given opiates by their doctors, that is what happens: they get addicted to the opiates. If their doctors have no alter-native, like cannabis, to provide their patients with something that might help them with their challenge, well, then you are going to get opiates, and that is what has happened. Our doctors have been passing out opiates as if they are candy. It is the legalization of medical mari-juana that makes it more likely that we will defeat the opiate epidemic and get our people back to a point where they can actually control their own lives. No one has ever died from an overdose of marijuana. Now, I can tell you this. I understand that people really want to help young people, and others, not to get addicted to drugs. And I will say, no one has ever overdosed on cannabis. Yes, there are some serious concerns of why you don’t want young people, in particular, using cannabis. But to make it illegal, to put people in jail for using this, for basically leav-ing the distribution of marijuana in the hands of criminals, is far worse in what happens than any of the things that happen if young people—or, well, if anybody—start smoking a joint. And let me just say, I think young people, we need to talk to them seri-ously. When we tell them we don’t even think marijuana should be used for medical purposes, they tune out. But if we say, we know there are some legiti-mate uses for this, but when you are 20 years old, it is going to hurt your mind development, do not use marijuana until at least you are over 20 years old, and we are only making it legal now in this bill, or if you have some medical problems. Well, the fact is that young people can understand that. That is one of the reasons why we have got to have re-search into cannabis, other than just leaving these opiates as the easy an-swer for doctors. In fact, one of the greatest sins, I believe, committed against the American people in the last 100 years has been really a lack of re-search into cannabis as a potential healthcare device or, shall I say, entity so that, instead of doing research into cannabis for the last 100 years, re-search has been suppressed. There could be some really wonderful things, and we are learning about them now. A few years ago, for example, Israel had to lead the way on this and introduce a major research effort into cannabis, and their results have been spectacular. Why does that happen in Israel and not here? Don’t we care about whether those things that they discovered there that affects their people will help our people as well? No, no. We couldn’t do that because we have people who are still living in the 1960s when to them cannabis—marijuana—means every-body growing their hair long, smoking dope in the park, and fornicating in the park, and failing in life, becoming hip-pies, and all of that. The bottom line is that image is de-stroying the well-being of millions of Americans today. We have got to get over that image because that is not what medical cannabis is all about. And as I say, young people under 20 years of age, I have no problem out-lawing it for them and having some kind of severe penalty for people sell-ing that to them. We need to protect them because it does impact negatively on kids who are under 20 years of age, or in that age group. But let me also note: those kids shouldn’t be drinking as well. The same studies that show that marijuana will really hurt the development of their brains and affect their electrical system also says that when they overdrink at an early age it has that same type of impact. So those trying to protect us Ameri-cans from ourselves are well-inten-tioned. They certainly understand these negative impacts, and there are negative impacts of everything. There are negative impacts of too much sugar; there are negative impacts of eating the wrong things, or not getting any exercise, or sitting down in front of your computer, or only sitting and watching TV. But if we go down the road and we let the government just protect us from ourselves, and that we are saying the government needs to just control our lives for us, no, that is not going to happen. That is not what our Founding Fathers were all about, and that is not what this country is all about. Yes, there are things that we don’t want young people to be involved with when it comes to cannabis. It is true with so many other things. And, also, we can’t control that if we leave the drug cartels as the major player. Perhaps the most serious downside of using cannabis over the last 50 years has been the financing of these drug cartels in Mexico and developing coun-tries. But now, with the continued en-actment of Rohrabacher-Farr, the vast majority of States have charted an-other course, rather than what we have had before, before our things passed. Well, the billions of dollars, this multi-billion-dollar industry has been taking shape, and it is taking a huge market share away from the cartels and the gangs. Number one, it is important that we make sure young people, veterans, older people, people who need this, peo-ple who are infirmed and need this help with cannabis and it can help them, first and foremost, let’s let the States decide whether or not that is going to be a right for people to try to treat themselves with cannabis in those States. Okay, that is number one. But, number two, let’s make sure that the money that is now being spent and organized to try to provide those people with their supply, and doing it in a very professional way with how much and what strength they are get-ting, et cetera, and people held ac-countable, let’s not turn that off and eliminate that and just send these peo-ple to the drug cartels. It is ridiculous. And, finally, for me and many of my conservative colleagues, this has al-ways been an issue of federalism and freedom. This has always been an issue that goes right back to the fundamen-tals. Our Founding Fathers did not expect that the Federal Government would as-sume such a prominent role when it comes to policing our lives. Rather, they intended the States to take the lead when exercising police powers. The 46 States have, thus far, sought a different course when it comes to med-ical cannabis. These States should not be stymied by an all-powerful Federal Government dictating what we, and the citizens of this country, shall do in our private lives. The States, and the people therein, should be left to make these decisions and to regulate these activities, or not regulate them, as they see fit. What has happened now, because we have gotten away from this idea that Federalism will decide, the issue of Federalism, the 10th Amendment, what we have now are situations where we have different armies, like the DEA and others, who have had raids taking place throughout our country. This was not what our Founding Fathers had in mind. This effort to try to put in jail any-body who is even using marijuana for anything, what we have done is in the Black and Chicano communities, in particular, minority communities who have less money, they have suffered the most because if their children— let’s say a 20-year-old young man gets arrested in the ghetto, well, he is not going to have a lawyer like that, like people who live in more affluent areas. So that record will stick with him for the rest of his life. We have wasted billions of dollars of their lives that they could be having better jobs 10 years down the road by hanging this on their back. We wonder why people can’t get jobs. Well, some-body from a more affluent home, there is a lawyer waiting for them at the po-lice station if he is ever caught with a baggy of marijuana. Well, that is not good to have that young man in the ghetto, or anywhere else, or even in the affluent commu-nities, to have to have a criminal record for something that, yes, might 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.039 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6652 September 5, 2017 
have a negative impact on him. We should instead—let me just offer this as a solution. Let’s go forward with some positive programs, rather than superseding State law with a heavy- handed, iron-fisted enforcement of laws controlling people’s private behavior and their private consumption of what they want to consume. Let’s put our ef-fort into offering a positive alter-native. For example, in high schools and col-leges, and even in grade schools, we can have drug testing. In our military, we can have drug testing. But it is not drug testing to put someone in jail. If you do it that way, you can’t do that legally. You can’t force someone to tes-tify against themselves. But if you say: We want to see if you have a problem, and you are not going to get a driver’s license if you don’t pass drug free; and you can be given a drug test in high school at any time, and if your test comes back negative, you talk to the family of a young person who has been tested and has been using some kind of drug. We can do those types of things. We can do those things that aren’t aimed at obliterating someone’s future by giving them a felony conviction for having a little bit of marijuana on them. That is ridiculous. And we don’t need to give the drug cartels all the money in making sure that people in the old folks’ home down the street don’t get to smoke mari-juana to take care of their arthritis. That is all ridiculous. Now we are facing this challenge here. This will be a vote this week. I would ask my colleagues: Please, let us have the amendment that we have had for 3 years, keep the status quo of let-ting the States handle this issue, let the States do that. This is a States’ rights issue. Thomas Jefferson would be for us. At the same time, if we do not get a vote on this and they try to hide be-hind it—we are not even going to get a chance to vote on it, thus we are not going to be held accountable for elimi-nating this freedom that we have and this federalism that we have—if we don’t get that vote, I am asking my colleagues, especially my Republican colleagues—and I ask the public to pay attention to how people vote—a vote for the rule if this amendment, if the Rohrabacher-Blumenauer amendment is not permitted, then a vote for the rule is a vote for giving money to the drug cartels, it is a vote for elimi-nating the law as it is today, which is leaving it up to the States and bringing the Federal Government back to our local and State areas in an enforce-ment mode. We don’t need that. If we don’t get this, if my amend-ment, the Rohrabacher amendment, is not permitted, I would hope that my colleagues would join me in voting against the rule, which sends that bill back to the committee, to the Rules Committee, where they will then either add it or not, but at least gives us a chance to have a direct vote on it again if we defeat it the first time. So I say strike a blow for freedom, make sure we have reaffirmed the idea of federalism, personal responsibility, not government controls over our lives, let’s do what our Founding Fathers did, let’s strike a blow for liberty. That is what this is about: liberty. And it is not about having power in the hands of the Federal Government to come down and tell us how to run our lives and centralizing power in Wash-ington, D.C. So I ask my colleagues to join me in voting for my amendment if it is per-mitted on the floor and, if it is not, to vote against the rule on the appropria-tions bill for the Justice Department. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. L
EWIS of Minnesota). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 15 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b2347 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ) at 11 o’clock and 47 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3354, DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIA-TIONS ACT, 2018; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES; AND WAIVING A REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(A) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS RE-PORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–295) on the resolution (H. Res. 500) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropria-tions for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules; and waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions re-ported from the Committee on Rules, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. L
AMBORN (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of flight delays. Mr. CUMMINGS (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and the balance of the week on account of medical leave. Mrs. N
APOLITANO (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of husband’s health. Mr. S
UOZZI (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of moth-er’s funeral. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 11 o’clock and 48 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, September 6, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2348. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; Louisiana; Vola-tile Organic Compounds Rule Revision and Stage II Vapor Recovery [EPA-R06-OAR-2013- 0167; FRL-9965-62-Region 6] received August 18, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2349. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Vir-ginia; Major New Source Review [EPA-R03- OAR-2016-0052; FRL-9966-78-Region 3] re-ceived August 18, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2350. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Airspace Designations; Incorpo-ration by Reference [Docket No.: FAA-2017- 0798; Amendment No.: 71-49] received August 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 2351. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Amendment of Class D and E Airspace; Hilo, HI [Docket No.: FAA-2017- 0222; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AWP-8] re-ceived August 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2352. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Incorporation by Ref-erence of ICAO Annex 2; Removal of Out-dated North Atlantic Minimum Navigation Performance Specifications [Docket No.: FAA-2016-9154; Amdt. No.: 91-348] (RIN: 2120- AK88) received August 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2353. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class D 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE7.040 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6653 September 5, 2017 
and E Airspace; Mosinee,WI [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0355; Airspace Docket No.: 17-AGL- 12] received August 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2354. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Establishment of Class E Air-space, Hawthorne, NV [Docket No.: FAA- 2017-0297; Airspace Docket No.: 16-AWP-4] re-ceived August 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2355. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Vivian, LA [Docket No.: FAA-2017- 0298; Airspace Docket No.: 17-ASW-7] re-ceived August 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2356. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-9575; Product Identifier 2016- NM-168-AD; Amendment 39-18992; AD 2017-17- 02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2357. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Wayne, NE [Docket No.: FAA-2017- 0287; Airspace Docket No.: 17-ACE-6] received August 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2358. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Amendment of VOR Fed-eral Airways V-7 and V-67; TN [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0109; Airspace Docket No.: 16-ASO- 13] received August 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 2359. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0477; Product Identifier 2016- NM-112-AD; Amendment 39-18990; AD 2017-16- 13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2360. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31145; Amdt. No.: 3757] received August 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2361. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31146; Amdt. No.: 3758] received August 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2362. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31148; Amdt. No.: 3759] received August 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2363. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Standard Instrument Ap-proach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Mis-cellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31149; Amdt. No.: 3760] received August 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 2364. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Bell Helicopter Textron Canada Lim-ited [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0174; Directorate Identifier 2014-SW-059-AD; Amendment 39- 18973; AD 2017-15-13] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received August 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 2365. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Implementation Plans; AK: Adoption Up-dates and Rule Revisions [EPA-R10-OAR- 2017-0184; FRL-9966-80-Region 10] received Au-gust 18, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2366. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Mary-land; Permits, Approvals, and Registrations [EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0576; FRL-9966-79-Region 3] received August 18, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 2367. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval and Quality Designation; TN; Redesignation of the Knoxville 2006 24-hour PM2.5 Nonattain-ment Area to Attainment [EPA-R04-OAR- 2017-0086; FRL-9966-93-Region 4] received Au-gust 18, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 1843. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Inter-nal Revenue Service from carrying out sei-zures relating to a structuring transaction unless the property to be seized derived from an illegal source or the funds were struc-tured for the purpose of concealing the viola-tion of another criminal law or regulation, to require notice and a post-seizure hearing for such seizures, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–286, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 3115. A bill to provide for a land exchange involving Federal land in the Superior National Forest in Minnesota acquired by the Secretary of Agriculture through the Weeks Law, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–287). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 2316. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act and the Energy Pol-icy Act of 1992 to repeal provisions relating only to the Allegheny National Forest (Rept. 115–288). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 2083. A bill to amend the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 to reduce predation on endangered Columbia River salmon and other nonlisted species, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–289). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 2611. A bill to modify the boundary of the Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–290). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 2768. A bill to designate certain mountain peaks 1n the State of Colo-rado as ‘‘Fowler Peak’’ and ‘‘Boskoff Peak’’ (Rept. 115–291). Referred to the House Cal-endar. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 2864. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to allow certain issuers to be exempt from reg-istration requirements, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–292). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 3110. A bill to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to modify the term of the independent member of the Fi-nancial Stability Oversight Council (Rept. ll5–293). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3388. A bill to provide for in-formation on highly automated driving sys-tems to be made available to prospective buyers; with amendments (Rept. 115–294). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. COLE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 500. A resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the Department of the In-terior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes; providing for consider-ation of motions to suspend the rules; and waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions reported from the Committee on Rules (Rept. 115–295). Referred to the House Calendar. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Financial Services dis-charged from further consideration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L05SE7.000 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH6654 September 5, 2017 
H.R. 1843 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H.R. 3672. A bill making supplemental ap-propriations for disaster relief requirements for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 3673. A bill to impose a ban on the im-portation of certain petroleum products from Venezuela; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 3674. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to allow small business concerns, homeowners, or nonprofit entities to use cer-tain Superstorm Sandy grant funds or other disaster assistance received to repay certain disaster assistance provided by the Small Business Administration, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Small Business, and in addition to the Committees on Finan-cial Services, and Transportation and Infra-structure, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. COOPER (for himself, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. C
OSTA ): H.R. 3675. A bill to provide that Members of Congress shall be paid last whenever the Treasury is unable to satisfy the obligations of the United States Government in a timely manner because the public debt limit has been reached; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. JONES: H.R. 3676. A bill to provide that human life shall be deemed to exist from conception; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. NORCROSS: H.R. 3677. A bill to designate the Peter J. McGuire Memorial and Peter J. McGuire Gravesite located in Pennsauken, New Jer-sey, as a National Historic Landmark, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 3678. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to designate the District of Columbia as an empowerment zone; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. P
AS-
CRELL ): H.R. 3679. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide tax relief for major disasters declared in any of calendar years 2012 through 2015, to make certain tax relief provisions permanent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 3680. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to make permanent the author-ity of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide financial assistance for supportive services for very low-income veteran fami-lies in permanent housing; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. VEASEY: H. Res. 501. A resolution expressing support for designation of the month of September as ‘‘National Voting Rights Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. f CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H.R. 3672. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of ar-ticle I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropria-tions made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific con-stitutional provisions establish the congres-sional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to deter-mine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and con-ditions governing their use. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 3673. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 states that ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to regu-late commerce with foreign Nations, and among several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey: H.R. 3674. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. COOPER: H.R. 3675. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sections 8 and 9 of the Constitu-tion of the United States. By Mr. JONES: H.R. 3676. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Actile I, Section 8, and Article III, Section 1 which give the Congress power to establish and limit the jurisdiction of lower federal courts as well as Article III, Section 2 which gives Congress the power to make exceptions to Supreme Court regulations. By Mr. NORCROSS: H.R. 3677. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 3678. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. REED: H.R. 3679. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I and Amendment XVI of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 3680. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Mrs. W AGNER . H.R. 154: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. D ONOVAN , and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 203: Mr. R
ICHMOND and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 246: Mr. W
OMACK , Mr. W ENSTRUP , and Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 252: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 265: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 350: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 365: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 384: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 389: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 392: Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. R
OSS, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. C
ORREA , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. L ONG. H.R. 398: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, and Mr. S
COTT of Virginia. H.R. 453: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 548: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 681: Mr. B
ABIN and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H.R. 747: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 772: Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 785: Mr. D
UNN. H.R. 807: Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. C
OOK, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 819: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 845: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 919: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 980: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 982: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 1017: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. R USH, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, and Ms. C LARKE of New York. H.R. 1038: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. T
ROTT , and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 1041: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 1057: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1065: Mr. L
IPINSKI and Mr. D ONOVAN . H.R. 1111: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 1148: Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. P
OSEY , and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 1150: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 1155: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 1164: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 1222: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 1223: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 1232: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 1241: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1251: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas, Mr. S ABLAN , and Mr. V
EASEY . H.R. 1266: Ms. L
OFGREN and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 1360: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, Mr. S
TIVERS , and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 1368: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1406: Mrs. L
OWEY and Mr. G OTTHEIMER . H.R. 1456: Mr. C
UMMINGS and Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas. H.R. 1465: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 1468: Mr. L
ANCE and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.012 H05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H6655 September 5, 2017 
H.R. 1519: Ms. D EGETTE . H.R. 1542: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 1555: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 1563: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 1575: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1651: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania and Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 1661: Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. Y
ODER , and Mr. E STES of Kansas. H.R. 1664: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1676: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia and Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 1686: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 1731: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 1749: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 1759: Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. K
HANNA , and Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1789: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 1817: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. N
ORTON , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 1819: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 1824: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 1825: Mr. L
OEBSACK and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 1840: Mr. L
ANCE . H.R. 1861: Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. M EEHAN , and Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 1896: Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsyl- vania. H.R. 1897: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut and Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1898: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1899: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 1939: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 1953: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri and Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 2000: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. K
HANNA , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2001: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. L ARSON of Con- necticut, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2037: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 2044: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 2092: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER and Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 2121: Mr. H
UIZENGA . H.R. 2123: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 2147: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California and Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 2149: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 2150: Mr. F
ASO, Mr. T IBERI , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. T ED L
IEUof California. H.R. 2167: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 2186: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia. H.R. 2197: Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. E VANS , and Ms. L
EE. H.R. 2224: Mr. C
HABOT , Mrs. B LACKBURN , and Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 2259: Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. C
ICILLINE , and Mr. L AMALFA . H.R. 2260: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 2262: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 2293: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 2318: Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 2319: Mr. B
UDD, Mr. L AWSON of Flor- ida, and Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 2321: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2334: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 2340: Mr. R
EICHERT . H.R. 2375: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 2397: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 2412: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 2421: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2428: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 2465: Mr. BARLETTA and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 2501: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2519: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. C OL-
LINS of Georgia, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. V ELA, Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. T HOM-
ASJ. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. L
ONG, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. R OSS, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. M AR-
SHALL , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , and Mr. R USH. H.R. 2540: Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 2566: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 2598: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2641: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Ms. M
OORE , and Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2642: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2657: Mr. K
INGof Iowa. H.R. 2658: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2712: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 2736: Mr. J
ONES . H.R. 2740: Mr. N
EAL, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 2747: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 2790: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 2797: Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. R OSEN , and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2821: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 2840: Mr. P
ETERS , Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2851: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 2855: Mr. S
ABLAN . H.R. 2856: Mr. P
ALAZZO , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. R
OTHFUS , and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 2871: Mr. O
LSON , Mr. B ARR, Mr. L
AHOOD, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. C
OFFMAN , and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 2899: Mr. S
ARBANES . H.R. 2915: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2925: Mr. M
ASTand Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 2943: Mr. S
MITH of Washington and Ms. M
CCOLLUM . H.R. 2948: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. P
ETERS , and Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 2968: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 2976: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. G
AETZ , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. M
CNERNEY , and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 2997: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 3029: Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 3032: Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. K
IHUEN , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY . H.R. 3048: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 3059: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 3067: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 3079: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3101: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 3174: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 3212: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 3236: Mr. D
EFAZIO and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 3248: Ms. L
EEand Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 3274: Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. F ASO, Mr. D
ELANEY , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ROWN of Mary- land, Ms. M
ENG, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. W
ELCH , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. P INGREE , Mrs. W ATSON COLE-
MAN, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. T ROTT , Ms. G
ABBARD , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. C
RIST, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. K ILDEE , Mrs. HANDEL , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER , Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. G ALLAGHER . H.R. 3282: Mr. C
HABOT and Mr. P ETERSON . H.R. 3304: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 3305: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3320: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 3332: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. D
ELANEY , and Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 3342: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. M EEHAN , and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . H.R. 3356: Mr. W
ALKER . H.R. 3365: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 3378: Mr. C
OLEand Mr. S MITH of Mis- souri. H.R. 3380: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 3388: Mr. H
ARPER , Mr. U PTON , Mr. W
ALDEN , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. K
INZINGER , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. F LORES , Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. C ARTER of Geor- gia, Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. B
URGESS , Mr. R USH, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. P ALLONE , Mrs. D
INGELL , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 3394: Mr. H
ARPER , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 3395: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 3484: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 3497: Mr. L
AMALFA and Mr. B UCSHON . H.R. 3503: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 3533: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 3536: Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. K
APTUR , and Mr. C UMMINGS . H.R. 3550: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 3551: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 3570: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 3576: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3605: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 3611: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 3638: Mr. M
AST, Mr. W EBSTER of Flor- ida, and Mr. B
UCHANAN . H.R. 3641: Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 3671: Mr. E
LLISON and Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY . H.J. Res. 74: Mr. R
ASKIN . H. J. Res. 75: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. N
ORTON , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi- nois, Mr. L
AHOOD, and Mr. L EWIS of Min- nesota. H. Con. Res. 25: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H. Con. Res. 27: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Ms. L EE, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. E LLISON . H. Con. Res. 73: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H. Res. 69: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H. Res. 129: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H. Res. 443: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H. Res. 464: Miss R
ICEof New York and Mr. P
AULSEN . H. Res. 479: Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. P
ALLONE . H. Res. 486: Mr. G
OSAR and Mr. M CGOVERN . H. Res. 495: Ms. L
EE. H. Res. 496: Mr. M
OULTON . f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: H.R. 1697: Mr. R
USH. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:18 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE7.018 H05SEPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4917 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 5, 2017 No. 142 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal and sovereign God, the Earth in its fullness belongs to You. Teach us to live by Your precepts and follow Your plans. Guide our lawmakers in the challenging decisions they face. May they build up rather than tear down, using their powers to keep dreams from becoming nightmares. Give them the wisdom to know that history will judge them by whether they act with courage or cowardice. Lord, lead our Senators in their ef-forts to guide our citizens to the better angels of our nature. May our law-makers make the commitment to stand for right though the heavens fall. And, Lord, we pray for those affected by Hurricane Harvey and for those bracing for Hurricane Irma. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The majority leader is recognized. 
f 
MEASURE PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—S. 1757 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk that is due for a second reading. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 1757) to strengthen border secu-rity, increase resources for enforcement of immigration laws, and for other purposes. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to further proceedings. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objec-tion having been heard, the bill will be placed on the calendar. 
f 
HURRICANE HARVEY DISASTER RELIEF AND OTHER ISSUES BE-FORE THE SENATE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I want to begin by extending the Sen-ate’s heartfelt sympathies to those af-fected by Hurricane Harvey. We have seen the devastation across Texas, Louisiana, and the gulf coast. We know the recovery will not be easy, nor will it be quick. We also understand the Federal Gov-ernment’s important role in assisting impacted communities. Last week, the President submitted a supplemental emergency funding request that will allow this critical work to continue. It will also allow our country to be better prepared for future natural disasters. It is especially important, given the po-tential for another major hurricane to strike our country this very week. As I said when the President sub-mitted his emergency funding request, the Senate will work closely with his administration and the House of Rep-resentatives to deliver that much need-ed relief. I am glad to see the House Appropriations Committee has already taken important steps to get us there, and I look forward to the House send-ing over legislation so the Senate can act on it as soon as possible. I know that securing this emergency funding is very important for the President, and I know that preventing a default or shutdown amidst such a historic natural disaster is also very important to him—and even more so now with another major hurricane on the way. These are the President’s immediate priorities: pass disaster relief, prevent a default, and fund the government. These are my immediate priorities as well, and I am sure all of our col-leagues feel the same way. We have to get all three of these things done, and we have to do it very quickly. In the case of the debt limit, we need to act quickly, given the new uncer-tainty from the large costs of storm re-covery. As the President’s Budget Di-rector wrote in his letter to Congress last week, ‘‘Given the need for addi-tional spending as a result of disaster response and initial recovery from Hur-ricane Harvey, the Administration con-tinues to urge Congress to act expedi-tiously to ensure that the debt ceiling does not affect these critical response and recovery efforts. Otherwise it may not be possible to get those critical re-sources to Americans who desperately need them.’’ Here is why. As Treasury Secretary Mnuchin explained, ‘‘[O]ur first pri-ority is to make sure that the state gets money, it is critical, and to do that we need to make sure we raise the debt limit. So if Congress appropriates the money, but I don’t have the ability to borrow more money and pay for it, we’re not going to be able to get that money to the state.’’ He called for Congress to ‘‘put poli-tics aside’’ and get these things done as quickly as possible. That was the Sec-retary of the Treasury. I look forward to continuing to dis-cuss these important issues with the President’s team and congressional leaders of both parties at the White House tomorrow. I look forward to dis-cussing other important and shared priorities as well. Nominees, for instance. It was good to see the Senate clear a large package 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.000 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4918 September 5, 2017 
of nominees before we left for the State work period. Now our work continues. There are other vacancies to fill. There are nominees, for instance, for posi-tions that are critical to recovery from Hurricane Harvey. We have to work to-gether to get those nominees confirmed quickly, and we have to keep working together to fill other vacant positions in the Federal Government as well. Another issue of extraordinary im-portance is tax reform. We will actu-ally have another meeting at the White House today on that issue specifically. It is clear the President is very en-gaged on this issue. As he wrote in an op-ed over the weekend, ‘‘Our self-de-structive tax code costs Americans millions of jobs, trillions of dollars and billions of hours spent on compliance and on paperwork. . . . We owe it to the American people to fix this broken system. American businesses want to prosper on our shores, and middle-class families are ready for more growth, more jobs, and higher pay.’’ That is the aim of tax reform, and that is the message I hope the Presi-dent will continue to take around the country, including his trip this week to North Dakota. In the meantime, work will continue among Members and committees in both Chambers to keep moving forward on this important issue. In addition to these issues, I also look forward to tomorrow’s discussion about the national security challenge that is before us. Administration offi-cials will be coming to Congress later that day to give a briefing on chal-lenges like North Korea and Afghani-stan. I am looking forward to that im-portant meeting. These are com-plicated issues, and they will require smart responses from both the admin-istration and from Congress. Here in Congress, we will have an op-portunity to address some of them soon as we work to pass related legislation such as the annual Defense authoriza-tion bill. The chairman of the Armed Services Committee, Senator M
CCAIN, will take the lead on that legislation. We have kept Senator M
CCAINand his family in our thoughts over the State work period. We are glad to have him back with us. We know he will again manage this year’s legislation with skill and dedication. There are obviously other important issues before us as well. There are many goals we share with the adminis-tration. There is a lot we want to get done, and we have three critically im-portant things before us right now that we need to do quickly: pass disaster re-lief, prevent a default so those emer-gency resources can actually get to Americans who need them, and keep the government funded. Those are the three important things before us now. We will continue working with the administration and our friends on both sides to accomplish those things. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. TILLIS ). The Democratic leader is rec-ognized. 
f 
HURRICANE HARVEY DISASTER RELIEF AND OTHER ISSUES BE-FORE THE SENATE Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, I welcome the Presiding Officer and every other Senator back from the dis-trict work period. As we all know, much has happened since we last were here. North Korea has tested several bal-listic missiles and reportedly tested a nuclear weapon, alarming well-mean-ing nations around the world. In Charlottesville, neo-Nazis and White supremacists marched through the streets, reminding us we are not done fighting the darkest elements of American society—racism, bigotry, hate. Right now, large parts of the fourth largest city in our country remain un-derwater. I extend my most heartfelt sympathies to the people of Houston and to those across parts of Texas and Louisiana who are just beginning a long road to recovery from Hurricane Harvey. Having lived through Hurri-cane Sandy in my home State of New York, I remember the agonies of fami-lies who lost their homes, lost their businesses, and, particularly in the first month, had a sense of helplessness about what had happened to them. Our thoughts and prayers are with every-one in Houston. We thank all the first responders and the rescue organizations—the police and fire departments—that are on the scene, as well as those everyday Amer-ican heroes. Americans always rise to the occasion to lend a hand, such as the folks who drove to Houston with boats hooked to their cars to help res-cue stranded families. In rough times, Americans pull together, and Congress will do its part to provide relief and aid to the people of Houston this month. Needless to say, we have a busy work period ahead of us. In addition to a re-covery package for Houston, we have to pass appropriations to keep the gov-ernment open, raise the debt ceiling, protect the Dreamers, provide cer-tainty on the cost-sharing program that helps keep healthcare premiums down, and much more. The to-do list is lengthy. Nearly all the items I men-tioned will require votes from Senators from both sides of the aisle. The best way to tackle and ultimately pass leg-islation on those issues is for us to work in a bipartisan way this month. Mr. President, on taxes, unfortu-nately, we are off to a very bad start because President Trump has scheduled a meeting on tax reform today with only Republican legislative leaders. Just as they did with healthcare, Re-publicans seem to be excluding Demo-crats from the legislative process from the very beginning. The majority leader announced prior to the break that he would likely pur-sue changes to the Tax Code on rec-onciliation, meaning the Republicans would only need the votes of their own party. Now they are meeting about the issue without even inviting Democrats to join in preliminary discussions. Very simply, if Republicans hope to avoid the same pitfalls that ultimately brought down their effort to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, they ought to abandon the misguided idea that one party can enact major changes to the Tax Code. An effort such as this requires two parties, and the result for the American people will be better if we all work together. The American people understand clearly that if Democrats were included in the debate, tax reform would be much more likely to help the middle class. If Re-publicans are the only ones in the room on tax reform, the vast majority of the benefits are likely to go to those at the very top. That is what the Republican Party has stood for for years. Mr. President, on another matter, over the past 6 weeks, North Korea has repeatedly tested the resolve of the United States with the launch of sev-eral ballistic missiles. The rogue re-gime has threatened to launch a mis-sile in close proximity to Guam, a U.S. territory, and has, in fact, fired a mis-sile over the territory of our ally Japan. The United States must respond to these increasingly bellicose actions with firmness and levelheadedness. The President of the United States has to lead the way. The President of the United States should be firm, level, and above all else, credible. The President’s words matter—especially on issues of national security—but thus far, Presi-dent Trump has responded to North Korea with bluff and bluster, hyperbole and exaggerated language: ‘‘fire and fury like the world has never seen.’’ That is the kind of language we typi-cally hear from the North Korean re-gime, not from the President of the United States. The harsh fact is that because Presi-dent Trump bluffs and blusters, he will be much less effective in dealing with North Korea in the long run. Foreign leaders—especially our allies—don’t know whether they can trust his words when there is so much hyperbole in-volved, and it undermines his ability to lead in a geopolitical crisis. I urge the President to speak with caution, to speak with prudence, and to always speak credibly as well as strongly. It is paramount that North Korea understand the position of the United States and that when the Presi-dent of the United States makes a statement, it believe we are prepared to act accordingly. Mr. President, finally, on the DACA Program, today the administration an-nounced it would terminate the pro-gram after a period of 6 months. Most Americans know how heartless this DACA decision is, ripping families 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05SE6.001 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4919 September 5, 2017 
apart, telling people who worked so hard for years to become Americans that they now have to leave the coun-try. These are folks who were brought here as children through no fault of their own. They may have known no other country but ours and have volun-tarily registered themselves with the government in order to live, work, and give back to our great country. Make no mistake—they contribute greatly to our country. These hard-working peo-ple and their contributions are vital to our economy, vital to our commu-nities, schools, and institutions, such as the military. They are also vital to tens of thou-sands of businesses, small and large, that will be hurt if the administra-tion’s order stands. Ninety-one percent of DACA recipients are employed, pay-ing taxes and paying into Social Secu-rity. A study by the Center for Amer-ican Progress earlier this year found that ending DACA would drain $433 bil-lion from our national GDP over 10 years. Even the Libertarian Cato Insti-tute estimated that ending DACA would cost employers nearly $2 billion over 2 years. The human and economic toll of rescinding DACA will be far- reaching. It is telling that Attorney General Sessions—not President Trump—made the announcement today that the ad-ministration would be ending DACA, and he did it without taking a single question. It shows that President Trump is not proud of what the admin-istration has done today; otherwise he would have come forward himself. It shows that he is probably ashamed of this decision. It was with unbelievable hypocrisy that both Attorney General Sessions and the White House Press Secretary said today that the decision was about upholding the rule of law. If this White House had such reverence for the rule of law, the President would not have fired Jim Comey or attacked the Fed-eral judiciary for ruling against the travel ban or pardoned Sheriff Joe Arpaio for no reason other than he was a political ally. Congress now has an ability and an obligation to act. Democrats will do everything we can to prevent President Trump’s terribly wrong order from be-coming reality. I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business until 5 p.m., with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. 
f 
H.J. RES. 76 The PRESIDING OFFICER. For the information of the Senate, pursuant to the order of August 3, 2017, the Senate received H.J. Res. 76 from the House of Representatives on August 4, 2017, and the joint resolution was passed, and the motion to reconsider was consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The Senator from Texas. f 
HURRICANE HARVEY Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I just returned from Texas, where, as the world knows, Hurricane Harvey has devastated the gulf coast and now ranks among the costliest natural dis-asters in American history. Today I want to share with you what my State has experienced in the wake of this storm that has battered so many homes and broken so many hearts. The storm calamitously resulted in the loss of at least 60 lives, with probably more to come as the water recedes and as people’s bodies are discovered. Of course, we mourn with those families who have lost loved ones. You have seen the pictures, but let me describe what my fellow Texans have experienced firsthand. It started when Harvey ran into a patch of warm water in the Gulf of Mexico the week before last. As Harvey rumbled toward Texas, the ocean churned and the storm grew in size and strength. By the time it made landfall in the Coastal Bend region south of Houston, the hur-ricane was a Goliath—Category 4. The rain fell, the wind howled, and the water rose in towns like Rockport, Port Lavaca, and Aransas Pass. Streets became swamps, and homes filled up like bathtubs. First were those smaller coastal com-munities that I just mentioned, but then one of the largest cities in the Na-tion, Houston, and nearby areas were hit. Third, let’s not forget places like Port Arthur, Beaumont—where I was yesterday with Majority Leader M
CCARTHY from the House of Rep-resentatives and my other colleagues— as well as other parts of Jefferson and surrounding counties that were hit when the storm barreled east and then finally abated. Five days and 50 inches of rainfall— every known record was shattered. The National Hurricane Center was awed by the storm that it called ‘‘relentless.’’ The Washington Post appropriately called it ‘‘merciless’’ because it was. Sunday, August 27, was the wettest day ever in Houston, where nearly a third of the yearly rainfall came in 24 hours. A third of our annual expected rainfall in Houston came in 24 hours. Not only that, we now know Harvey was the most extreme rain event in the history of the continental United States, a ca-tastrophe so unheard of that it comes perhaps only once in 1,000 years. Let that sink in for a moment—a 1,000-year rain event. The storm’s intensity easily could have overwhelmed first responders. Medical, law enforcement, and rescue personnel easily could have said: You know, I am exhausted. I haven’t slept for days. I haven’t been able to change my clothes. I can’t do this anymore. They could have easily said all of those things, but instead they kept wading into the water—the Harris County sheriff’s water rescue team, the Texas National Guard, the U.S. Coast Guard, people like Sergeant Steve Perez, a 34-year veteran of the Houston Police Department who drowned in his patrol car during the storm. His wife told him not to go to work on that day, but Sergeant Perez’s response was ‘‘We’ve got work to do.’’ He drove for over 2 hours trying to find a safe route to allow him to report for duty and to protect the community he loved. I hope Sergeant Perez’s sacrifice will serve as an example to the rest of us to strive to serve others indiscriminately, no matter the potential cost. Texas’s neighbors could have easily stayed home too—after all, our friends in Louisiana learned tough lessons of their own from Hurricane Katrina—but they did not. They quickly mobilized. Calling themselves the Cajun Navy and the Cajun Coast Search and Rescue, they hitched their fishing boats to their pickup trucks and said: ‘‘GTT,’’ ‘‘gone to Texas’’—gone to Texas to join the other rescuers, both uniformed and volunteers. What did they all do? They saved people who were floating on air mattresses, the few belongings they could carry that were stuffed into garbage bags, and people who were stranded on rooftops. They navigated around submerged trees and stop signs and cars, working with little to no sleep, dripping wet with sweat pouring from their faces, and smelling like the murky water that surrounded them. It seems that I heard about these stories over and over and over again during my trips to Corpus Christi, Rockport, Austin, and all around the State. These are the stories I heard in Houston, Beaumont, and other cities—all of them devastated, but in none of them was their spirit destroyed. My State and our Nation have re-sponded to this terrible natural dis-aster. As I did a small part in loading bags of ice and water and serving spa-ghetti to evacuees in Austin, I was struck by how many people—public of-ficials, volunteers, businesses, and non-profits, great and small—had offered and given their support, and I want to say that we are grateful to all of them. In particular, Governor Greg Ab-bott’s leadership has been critical. He and his team of emergency manage-ment personnel, led by Chief Nim Kidd, were well prepared in advance, and they moved swiftly following the state of emergency being declared in more than 50 of the 254 Texas counties. Yet it was not just State and local officials who acted with such dispatch. The Fed-eral Government stepped up, too, start-ing with the President of the United States, who personally, along with the First Lady, made two trips to the af-fected region. He brought members of his Cabinet, who had previously called 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05SE6.003 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4920 September 5, 2017 
me and my other colleagues from the Texas delegation over and over and over again, asking: What more can we do? I thank the President and the Vice President, who also came personally, clearing brush in Rockport, TX, in a demonstration of how to be a good neighbor and in his concern and com-mitment to the affected region. I want to say that FEMA, the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency, also deserves recognition as part of this effort. Throughout the storm and in the days following, Administrator Brock Long has been a steady hand at the helm in his support of State and local teams with strategy, equipment, and personnel. Yet it was not just FEMA. It was the Small Business Ad-ministration, HUD, and the Depart-ment of Homeland Security. All of the heads of those agencies were there in person in Texas, asking over and over again: What more can we do? It is not just government and govern-ment officials. It is organizations like the Red Cross, which ran shelters around the State, faith-based organiza-tions, and people who just wanted to be good neighbors, doing anything and ev-erything they could to volunteer—to serve food, provide dry clothes, and a safe place to sleep. Now we know that FEMA’s flood in-surance programs, while they are being implemented, are about to run out of money by the end of this week. In the wake of Hurricane Harvey, the inspec-tions have begun, and recovery housing teams are on the ground. Countless others—local, State, and Federal ac-tors—are working around the clock to aid rescue and recovery efforts. Yet, as I said in Texas last week, the road ahead is going to be long and winding. In many ways, once the TV cameras leave and the waters recede, as people are just now coming home, the depth of their losses will just be sinking in with their places of business gone, all of their possessions destroyed, their cars inoperable. People are hurting. Hous-ing and food, water and electricity, and transportation are a few of the things people have lost that most of us take for granted but not those who suffered at the hands of Hurricane Harvey. This is why I am working with Sen-ator C
RUZ and the entire Texas con-gressional delegation on an appropria-tions request for disaster recovery. The many communities that have been im-pacted by this massive storm will need our help and need it quickly. As I said, FEMA, literally, will run out of funds at the end of this week. Unless we act with dispatch to appropriate an emer-gency supplemental this week, as the House will do tomorrow, and unless we raise the debt ceiling, there will not be any way that Congress will be able to actually appropriate that emergency funding and get it to the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency in order to help those who are in so much need. But working together, we are going to deliver that help. As President Trump said last week, ‘‘Texas can handle anything.’’ I think the President is pretty much right. We have seen our share of catastrophes, and we have always bounced back. Tex-ans are tough and resilient, and we al-ways, always band together. A few years ago, after another trag-edy in West Texas that took the lives of a number of first responders in a ter-rible explosion, I remember running into a county commissioner who said: Texas doesn’t just describe where you are from; it describes who your family is. I know we all love our States, and we love our country, but I am particularly proud of how my State and Texans have stepped forward to help each other in this time of need. I know that all of my colleagues in this Chamber have spent time with their families and their friends this past weekend in honor of Labor Day. As the summer now draws to a close, let’s remember that many in Texas were not cele-brating that holiday. They are strug-gling in shelters, not knowing what is left of their homes that they have been forced to flee. With August now behind us, our work, like theirs, is just beginning. To-morrow, as I said, the House will vote on a, roughly, $8 billion aid package— the first of several steps toward deliv-ering relief to Texans. I appreciate House Majority Leader KEVIN MCCAR-
THY, who traveled with me yesterday to Houston and Beaumont to survey the damage in Texas. He had pre-viously been with me and the Governor in Austin and talked about coordi-nating the Federal and State response. I look forward to working with Leader M
CCARTHY and all of my colleagues in both Chambers of the Congress on ad-dressing the needs caused by this ter-rible storm. By the way, I appreciate all of the texts, the phone calls, and the emails that I have received from colleagues on both sides of the aisle throughout this terrible storm, expressing their con-cerns and offering their prayers and their help. I appreciate it. My colleagues, I will just say this. Let’s remember Sergeant Steve Perez, the police officer who died in Houston, whom I described earlier, the officer who could have stayed home. As his wife said: It is just too dangerous to go out there amidst the flood. Like him, let’s do our duty and look for a way to work together. Friends, let’s get to work and do our job, not only in providing relief for the victims of Hurricane Harvey, but there is so much more that we need to do, working together. I will close because I see the distin-guished Democratic whip here, who I know has made the condition of the Dreamers—the children who came with their parents when they came to the United States in violation of our immi-gration laws. Of course, children are not responsible for what their parents have done. I actually believe that the President has given us an opportunity by what he did today. After all, what President Obama did, no matter how much we understand it, was essentially declared illegal by a Federal court. The President has no authority to do this unilaterally. That is what the Federal courts told President Obama, so Presi-dent Trump has appropriately now said: Congress, you do your job. And we will. I look forward to the debate. I look forward to working on this important issue, but I dare say that just address-ing DACA and the Dreamers by them-selves is not acceptable. We are going to do as much as we can to address our broken immigration system, to restore public confidence in our border secu-rity and the enforcement of our laws, and, once again, become a nation that is, yes, a nation of immigrants but also a nation of laws. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, at the outset, let me say that I share the feel-ings of so many across the Nation who really try to understand and appreciate the immensity of the tragedy that struck Texas, Louisiana, and nearby places with Hurricane Harvey. We followed the news. I have family in Texas who, through emails, kept us informed as to what was occurring and the horrible stories of people who lost their homes, their businesses, their lives. There is the story that Senator CORNYN has told about Officer Perez, who lost his life in service to the peo-ple whom he represented as a law en-forcement officer. It touched us. It touched us dearly. We know that there have been extraordinary cases of her-oism and bravery by individuals across the board. Many of them will never be reported and will be known only to a handful of people, but it really was an endorsement of the American spirit— the Texas spirit—when it comes to fighting this disaster. So I say to the Senator from Texas that I am not one of those Senators who picks and chooses natural disas-ters only in my State to support. I have supported Federal assistance for natural disasters all across the United States because I know what happened when they hit Illinois and when I need-ed others to stand by me. I am pre-pared to stand by Texas, stand by Lou-isiana, stand by all of those who are victims of Hurricane Harvey. I believe that, as an American family, we have a responsibility to stand together, and I thank the Senator from Texas for his statement. 
f 
DACA Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I want to tell a story about one of the great volunteers in Texas. His name is Jesus Contreras. He is a young man who has a great story, who was one of the he-roes of Hurricane Harvey in his own small way. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05SE6.004 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4921 September 5, 2017 
At the age of 6, Jesus was brought from Mexico to the United States by his parents. It was not a family deci-sion. His mom and dad made the deci-sion and brought him to Houston, TX, where he grew up and got good grades in school. He wanted to go to college. He went to the Lone Star College in Houston and became a paramedic—a paramedic who responded to Hurricane Harvey. He spent 6 straight days out there, helping people who were in desperate need. Because of his training as a para-medic, he was able to give them emer-gency first aid and insulin when they were suffering from the impact of dia-betes, and he did it day after day after day. He would go home, take a shower, and go right back out again. He finally took a day off and got some rest, and he went back and did it all over again. The important part of this story is that Jesus Contreras is a paramedic be-cause of the DACA Program, which you have just heard described on the floor by the Senator from Texas. It was President Obama’s DACA Program that allowed him to stay in the United States, after having been brought here as a 6-year-old, and to go to school and become a paramedic. The DACA Pro-gram did that because it protected him from deportation, and it allowed him to legally work here in the United States as a paramedic. It was only be-cause of DACA that this young man was able to step up and be part of that huge group of people who came forward in Houston, TX, and other cities and made such a difference in the lives of so many people. So when I hear the DACA Program dismissed as just overreach by a Presi-dent, illegal, and unconstitutional, I beg my colleagues: Take a look at the human side of this story for a moment. Take a look at the human side of 780,000 people, just like Jesus, who have been protected from deportation, and what they have done with their lives. He didn’t vote to leave Mexico. His par-ents did. He didn’t vote for them not to file papers once he arrived in the United States. His parents did. That is what the Dream Act and DACA are all about. If I am speeding down the highway and a patrolman pulls me over and gives me a speeding ticket, they don’t give a ticket to my grandson sitting in the backseat. He wasn’t driving the car. In this situation, the Dreamers and those protected by DACA were young people brought to this country and who know no other country. For year after year, he stood up in the classroom and pledged allegiance to the only flag he knew. He believes himself to be American. Listen to what he wrote to me. This is what Jesus Contreras wrote to me: 
Houston is my home and these are my peo-ple. I love my career—it’s given me an oppor-tunity to help people in ways I never imag-ined I could. DACA means everything to me—I would lose my license and certifi-cations without it. I would be sent back to a country I don’t know and would lose every-thing. Is that what we want to see happen here? Do we want to set up a cir-cumstance where this young man doesn’t have a chance to continue to serve people as he did during Hurricane Harvey in Houston, TX? Of course not. The announcement by the President today that he is going to bring an end to DACA, I guess, came as no major surprise, but I listened carefully to what President-Elect Trump and what President Trump said about DACA and Dreamers over the months. He said to me personally—he looked me in the eye and said: Don’t worry about these kids. We are going to take care of the Dreamers. He said publicly: We love the Dreamers. Well, now we have a chance to do something about it. I just had a press conference with Senator L
INDSEY GRAHAM , Republican, of South Carolina. He and I have come together to introduce the Dream Act, which says, once and for all, that we need permanent law to protect these young people. It is not a new concept. I introduced the bill 16 years ago. If you said someone was a Dreamer 16 years ago, they would have said: Is he with the British rock group? People didn’t know what a Dreamer was. They know today. It is people like Jesus, brought to this country as kids and who are just asking for a chance to be part of America—and they are willing to sacrifice. When he went through Lone Star College, as an undocumented student, Jesus Contreras didn’t qualify for one penny of Federal assistance—no gov-ernment loans for him. He had to work his way through school. It takes that kind of determination to make it through school and to become an im-portant part of America. So today I am disappointed by what has happened—the announcement by Attorney General Sessions, who has never ever, in my time in the Senate, supported any immigration reform. He has never voted for the Dream Act. The fact that he was the first public voice saying that he was going to rescind— that the administration would re-scind—DACA was no surprise. That is where he has been for as long as I have known him, publicly and politically. But I hope that the President now, be-cause of the good things he said in the past about the Dream Act and DACA, will be part of the solution and will help us in the 6 months to pass some-thing that makes a difference. I listened to the Senator from Texas stack up a whole list of things we need to have before we can help people like Jesus. There are a lot of things we need to do. Comprehensive immigration re-form is one of them. I was one of the persons who put it together and voted for it when it had 68 votes in the Sen-ate a few years ago. We need that. But, for goodness’ sake, we have a time-sen-sitive issue now with the Dreamers and DACA. We need to do something about it and do it quickly. That is why Sen-ator GRAHAM and I are calling for pass-ing the Dream Act in this September session. We know it is there. We have heard positive things said about it by Speaker R
YAN, the Republican Speaker of the House, and even by Senator M
CCONNELL , Senator H ATCH , and many who cosponsored it. We have to bring this measure up and get it done, once and for all. In the meantime, 780,000 young peo-ple in America protected by DACA heard the news today, and their hearts were broken. They know now that the clock is running. It is the deportation clock. If we don’t act—and act in a timely fashion—young people like this man here, who risked his life and helped the people in Houston during Hurricane Harvey, may be deported, and he will certainly lose any oppor-tunity he has to continue to be a li-censed paramedic. Will America be better if Jesus Contreras has to leave the United States? Would Houston have been bet-ter during this crisis if he had not been there? I don’t think so. We know bet-ter. We know that these young people really care and really want to be a part of our Nation. They are willing to turn in all their family information, go through background checks, and pay a filing fee under DACA. You know they want to be a part of this country. They want to serve in the military. They want to be of service to the people they live with in their communities. Now it is up to us. So let’s not make excuses. Let’s make some law. Let’s do it the right way. Let’s pass the Dream Act now. Let’s make this a priority as we return this September. Let’s get it done with the other priorities we need to consider this month. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session for the con-sideration of the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Timothy J. Kelly, of the District of Columbia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Columbia. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there will be 30 minutes of debate equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Arkansas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05SE6.005 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4922 September 5, 2017 
HURRICANE HARVEY AND THE AMERICAN SPIRIT  
Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, today I join my colleagues and all Arkansans in support of and in prayers for the people of Southeast Texas and all of the victims of Hurricane Harvey. I also want to express our thanks on behalf of a grateful nation. All of you reminded us of the American spirit at a time when we needed it pretty badly. August was not an easy month for our country. First, in Charlottesville, then in Berkeley, we saw some pretty disgusting things—racism, anarchism, mob violence. If all you knew about America was what you saw on cable news and social media, you might think it was disintegrating into two armed camps of Communists and neo- Nazis. Images reminiscent of dark days in the last century appeared on our screens—torchlight marches, black- masked thugs, political violence in the streets, beatings, and even a murder— but none of these contemptible people represent America, certainly not what is best about America. They cannot even begin to understand what makes this country great because this coun-try’s destiny was always to be more than a new battleground for old hatreds. It was meant to be a mighty fortress for the rights of all Americans. Our destiny is to be the home of man-kind’s aspiration for freedom, not the twisted delusions of grandeur of pa-thetic losers. The vast majority of Americans—whatever color, faith, age, or region—celebrate this creed, and they welcome this destiny. That is exactly why we should not amplify irrelevant, fringe voices. It creates the illusion that a trivial, im-potent minority is, in fact, a large and powerful movement against the dic-tates of common sense and experience. To my knowledge, I have never met a neo-Nazi, a White supremacist, or a leftwing anarchist, nor have the Ar-kansans with whom I spoke in the last month, but while watching TV or surf-ing the web in the last month, you would think they number in the tens of millions. The drive for ratings and clicks seemed to leave a lot of Ameri-cans wondering, Is this America? Is this whom we have become? Then Hurricane Harvey made land-fall. The stories and the images that followed, once again, proved the old maxim: Adversity does not teach char-acter; it reveals character. What it re-vealed is an American spirit as strong, as brave, and as loving as ever. Law enforcement and other first re-sponders performed bravely and skill-fully, as always, but what was striking was how ordinary citizens answered the call to duty. There was Jim McIngvale, better known as Mattress Mack. Any-one who has ever lived in Houston knows that you cannot watch TV with-out seeing a Mattress Mack commer-cial, but Mack was not selling mat-tresses that day—he was saving fami-lies. He turned two furniture stores into relief centers and opened his doors to anyone who sought shelter. Soon, he had 400 people at each store, sleeping on recliners, sofas, love seats—you name it. He gave out his personal cell number for people to call for help. If they could not reach his store because of the flooding, he sent his delivery trucks to go get them. When asked about his generosity, Mattress Mack replied: ‘‘I’m a big believer that it’s better to give than to take.’’ But not everyone had a Mattress Mack to go to. Some people had to call their local Chick-fil-As. Jeffrey Urban went to work just to make sure that everything was all right when he no-ticed a familiar phone number flashing across the caller ID. It was J.C. Spen-cer, a regular customer, who called that morning to place a once-in-a-life-time order: two grilled chicken burritos with extra egg—and a boat. Urban called the owner, Cindy Smith, who sent her husband with his boat to the Spencers’ home, but there was not enough room in the boat for both of them and their possessions. Luckily, two heroes on jet skis arrived—Keith Christensen and Winston Savice, Jr. When J.C. took a photo of his wife Karen sitting atop a jet ski while Win-ston sped her to safety, an internet sensation was born. After weeks of our living rooms being filled with the sounds and imagery of hatred, we were suddenly overcome by stories of bravery and self-sacrifice. There was local reporter Brandi Smith, who flagged down a rescue crew to help a truckdriver who was trapped in his vehicle. There was Houston SWAT Offi-cer Daryl Hudeck, who carried a young mother, Catherine Pham, and her 13- month-old son Aiden to dry land. There was Catholic priest David Bergeron, who kayaked around his neighborhood and offered to say Mass for anyone in town. Then there was an unknown man from Texas City, who said, when asked what he was doing with his boat under a flooded underpass, that he and his friends were there to save some lives. So many of these images have al-ready become iconic: Sheriff’s Deputy Rick Johnson carrying two children through the floodwaters and the Cajun Navy from Louisiana being lined up like soldiers on a highway, as far as the eye could see, readying for battle. Yet perhaps the most telling image of all was the human chain. When Andrea Smith went into labor in her flooded apartment, her neighbors formed a human chain to help her reach a dump truck that had come to take her to the hospital. There was no pride of place, no rank, no distinction—just humble, selfless Americans who joined hands to help a neighbor in time of need. You could say that human chain was a symbol because, when you step back and soak it all in, you realize this is America, that this is who we are as a nation, not those ideological zealots, not racists and Communists. Their blinded eyes cannot see the dignity and love in that unbroken human chain. We have never lost this spirit of America, but we do occasionally lose sight of it, which is why we ought to pay tribute to these normal, public- spirited Americans—the people in that human chain, the people who heeded the call, who put their stranded coun-trymen first. They do not mistake mal-ice for power, and they understand that the greatest power of all is love. They are an inspiration to all of us in this Chamber and, indeed, to all the world. They are the reason we can look to Houston, a city much embattled though not embittered, and take pride in what we see—not human devastation but human valor. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. J
OHNSON ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, today I am pleased to support the nom-ination of Tim Kelly to be a judge on the DC district court. Tim serves as my chief counsel for national security, sen-ior crime counsel, and majority staff director for the Caucus on Inter-national Narcotics Control. That is quite a professional title, isn’t it? And he has done an excellent job serving not only this chairman of the Judici-ary Committee but all of the Judiciary Committee. Tim’s career boasts a wide range of legal experience. After Tim graduated from Georgetown University Law Cen-ter in 1997, he served as a law clerk to Judge Buckwalter of the Eastern Dis-trict of Pennsylvania. He worked as an associate at Arnold & Porter, and he dedicated 6 months of his career to work for the Legal Aid Society. Tim spent a significant portion of his career serving as a Federal prosecutor, includ-ing several years as an assistant U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia, where he prosecuted a wide range of criminal cases in the very court for which he is being considered today. He also served as trial attorney in the Public Integrity Section of the Depart-ment of Justice, where he prosecuted public corruption cases. He has tried approximately 30 cases during his ca-reer, as well as negotiated dozens of guilty pleas. Tim is a very talented attorney and is well liked by everyone—by staff and Members on both sides of the aisle. His collegiality and ability to get along with folks will serve him well on the bench. I know he will show proper re-spect to the litigants and attorneys who appear before him, as well as the staff who will serve his court. Tim’s counsel and advice have served the members of the Judiciary Com-mittee well. Just to point to one exam-ple of his work on behalf of this com-mittee, I would note he was the lead Senate Republican Judiciary staffer on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05SE6.007 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4923 September 5, 2017 
the Comprehensive Addiction and Re-covery Act of last year, which hap-pened to be signed into law by Presi-dent Obama. This bill will help count-less numbers of folks struggling with drug addiction. Tim’s vast legal experiences and his thoughtful approach to his work will help him be an excellent Federal judge. I believe he has the temperament to hear any case that will come before him with a fair mind, seeking to do jus-tice for all. Of course, others have recognized Tim’s merits as well. The American Bar Association gave him a unanimous ‘‘well qualified’’ rating, which is the highest rating the ABA gives, and he has received awards for his work from the Department of Justice, the Depart-ment of Energy, and the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation. Tim will make an excellent judge, and I am honored to support his nomi-nation today. I urge all of my col-leagues to vote in favor of his nomina-tion. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that all time be yielded back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. All time is yielded back. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Kelly nomina-tion? Mr. RUBIO. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) and the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 94, nays 2, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 188 Ex.] YEAS—94 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young NAYS—2 
Gillibrand Warren 
NOT VOTING—4 
Cochran Menendez Moran Shaheen 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The majority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that with re-spect to the nomination of Timothy Kelly, the motion to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–32, concerning the Navy’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Thailand for defense articles and services estimated to cost $24.9 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, G
REGM. K AUSNER  (For Charles W. Hooper, Lieutenant General, USA, Director). Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–32 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: The Government of Thailand (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $23.2 million. Other $ 1.7 million. Total $24.9 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Five (5) RGM–84L Harpoon Block II Sur-face Launched Missiles. One (1) RTM–84L Harpoon Block II Exer-cise Missile. Non-MDE includes: Also included are con-tainers, spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, publications and technical documentation, personnel training and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor representatives technical assist-ance, engineering and logistics support serv-ices, and other related elements of logistics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Navy (XX–P– AKR). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: TH–P–AKP. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: August 9, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Government of Thailand—RGM–84L Harpoon Surface Launched Block II Missiles The Government of Thailand has requested the possible sale of up to five (5) RGM–84L Harpoon Block II Surface Launched Missiles and one (1) RTM–84L Harpoon Block II Exer-cise Missile. Also included are containers, spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, publications and technical docu-mentation, personnel training and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor representatives technical assistance, engi-neering and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistics and pro-gram support. The estimated cost is $24.9 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to strengthen the U.S.-Thai strategic relationship and to im-prove the security of an important partner. The proposed sale will provide enhanced capabilities in effective defense of critical sea lines. Thailand intends to use the mis-siles on its DW3000 Class Frigate. The pro-posed sale of the Harpoon Block II missiles 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05SE6.008 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4924 September 5, 2017 
and support will increase the Royal Thai Navy’s maritime partnership potential. Thailand has purchased Harpoon missiles previously and will have no difficulty ab-sorbing these missiles into its armed forces. The proposed sale will not alter the basic military balance in the region. The principal contractor will be the Boeing Company, St. Louis, MO. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connec-tion with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require annual trips to Thailand involving U.S. Government personnel and contractor representatives for technical reviews, sup-port, and oversight for approximately five years. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–32 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(I) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The RGM–84L Harpoon Surface Launched Block H missile system, to include publications, documentation, operations, supply, maintenance, and training to be con-veyed with this proposed sale have the high-est classification level of CONFIDENTIAL. The Harpoon Block II missile is a non-nu-clear tactical weapon system currently in service in the U.S. Navy and in 29 other for-eign nations. It provides a day, night, and adverse weather, standoff surface-to-surface capability and is an effective Anti-Surface Warfare missile. The RGM–84L incorporates components, software, and technical design information that are considered sensitive. 2. The following components being con-veyed by the proposed sale are considered sensitive and are classified CONFIDENTIAL: a. The Radar Seeker b. The GPSANS System c. Operational Flight Program Software d. Missile operational characteristics and performance data These elements are essential for the Har-poon Block II missile to selectively engage hostile targets under a wide range of oper-ational, tactical and environmental condi-tions. With respect to GPS, Thailand has been approved for Precision Positioning Service (PPS). 3. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures or equivalent systems which might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 4. A determination has been made that the Government of Thailand can provide sub-stantially the same degree of protection for the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This proposed sale is necessary to the furtherance of the U.S. for-eign policy and national security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. More-over, the benefits to be derived from this sale, as outlined in the Policy Justification, outweigh the potential damage that could result if the sensitive technology were re-vealed to unauthorized persons. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Thailand. D
EFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–36, concerning the Army’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Romania for defense articles and services estimated to cost $1.25 billion. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, CHARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–36 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Romania. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $.900 billion. Other $.350 billion. Total $1.250 billion. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Fifty-four (54) High Mobility Artillery Rocket Systems (HIMARS) Launchers. Eighty-one (81) Guided Multiple Launch Rocket Systems (GMLRS) M31A1 Unitary. Eighty-one (81) Guided Multiple Launch Rocket Systems (GMLRS) M30A1 Alter-native Warhead. Fifty-four (54) Army Tactical Missile Sys-tems (ATACMS) M57 Unitary. Twenty-four (24) Advanced Field Artillery Tactical Data Systems (AFATDS). Fifteen (15) M1151A1 HMMWVs, Utility, Ar-mored. Fifteen (15) M1151A1 HMMWVs, Armor Ready 2-Man. Non-MDE includes: Fifty-four (54) M1084A1P2 HIMARS Resup-ply Vehicles (RSVs) (5 ton, Medium Tactical Cargo Vehicle with Material Handling Equip-ment). Fifty-four 54) M1095 MTV Cargo Trailers w/ RSV kit. Ten (10) M1089A1P2 FMTV Wreckers (5 Ton Medium Tactical Vehicle Wrecker with Winch). Also included are thirty (30) Low Cost Re-duced Range (LCRR) practice rockets, sup-port equipment, communications equipment, sensors, spare and repair parts, test sets, bat-teries, laptop computers, publications and technical data, facility design, training and training equipment, systems integration support, Quality Assurance Teams and a Technical Assistance Fielding Team, U.S. Government and contractor technical, engi-neering, and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistics and pro-gram support. (iv) Military Department: Army. (v) Prior Related Cases. if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission. Fee. etc. Paid. Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: August 17, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Romania—High Mobility Artillery Rocket Systems (HIMARS) and Related Support and Equipment The Government of Romania has requested the possible sale of fifty-four (54) High Mobil-ity Artillery Rocket Systems (HIMARS) Launchers, eighty-one (81) Guided Multiple Launch Rocket Systems (GMLRS) M31A1 Unitary, eighty-one (81) Guided Multiple Launch Rocket Systems (GMLRS) M30A1 Al-ternative Warhead, fifty-four (54) Army Tac-tical Missile Systems (ATACMS) M57 Uni-tary, twenty-four (24) Advanced Field Artil-lery Tactical Data Systems (AFATDS), fif-teen (15) M1151A1 HMIVIWVs, Utility, Ar-mored, and fifteen (15) M1151A1 HIMMWVs, Armor Ready 2–Man. Also included with this request are: fifty-four (54) M1084A1P2 HIMARS Resupply Vehicles (RSVs) (5 ton, Medium Tactical Cargo Vehicle with Mate-rial Handling Equipment), fifty-four (54) M1095 MTV Cargo Trailer with RSV kit, and ten (10) M1089A1P2 FMTV Wreckers (5 Ton Medium Tactical Vehicle Wrecker with Winch), thirty (30) Low Cost Reduced Range (LCRR) practice rockets, support equipment, communications equipment, sensors, spare and repair parts, test sets, batteries, laptop computers, publications and technical data, facility design, training and training equip-ment, systems integration support, Quality Assurance Teams and a Technical Assistance Fielding Team, U.S. Government and con-tractor technical, engineering, and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistics and program support. The total estimated program cost is $1.25 billion. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by helping to improve the security of a NATO ally that has been, and continues to be an important force for polit-ical stability and economic progress within Europe. The proposed sale of the HIMARS system will support Romania’s needs for its own self-defense and support NATO defense goals. The Government of Romania intends to use these defense articles and services to modernize its armed forces and strengthen its homeland defense and deter regional threats. This will contribute to Romania’s military goal of updating its capabilities while further enhancing interoperability with the United States and other NATO al-lies. Romania will have no difficulty absorb-ing this system into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractors will be Lockheed- Martin in Grand Prairie, Texas and Camden, Arkansas. There are no known offset agree-ments proposed in connection with this po-tential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require approximately the assignment of up to 10 U.S. Government or contractor rep-resentatives to travel to Romania for a pe-riod of up to one year for equipment de-proc-essing/fielding, system checkout, training, and technical and logistics support. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–36 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The High Mobility Artillery Rocket Sys-tems (HIMARS) is a highly mobile, all- weather indirect area fire artillery system. The HIMARS mission is to supplement can-non artillery to deliver a large volume of firepower within a short time against crit-ical time-sensitive targets. At shorter ranges, HIMARS complements tube artillery with heavy barrages against assaulting forces as well as in the counter-fire, or de-fense suppression roles. The highest level of classified information that could be dis-closed by a proposed sale, production, or by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.048 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4925 September 5, 2017 
testing of the end item is SECRET; the high-est level that must be disclosed for produc-tion, maintenance, or training is CON-FIDENTIAL. Reverse engineering could re-veal SECRET information. Launcher plat-form software, weapon operational software, command and control special application software, and command and control loadable munitions module software are considered UNCLASSIFIED. The system specifications and limitations are classified SECRET. Vul-nerability data is classified up to SECRET. Countermeasures, counter-countermeasures, vulnerability/susceptibility analyses, and threat definitions are classified SECRET. 2. The highest classification level for re-lease of the ATACMS Unitary M57 FMS Var-iant is SECRET, based upon the software. The highest level of classified information that could be disclosed by a sale or by test-ing of the end item is SECRET; the highest level that must be disclosed for production, maintenance, or training is CONFIDEN-TIAL. Reverse engineering could reveal CONFIDENTIAL information. Fire Direction System, Data Processing Unit, and special Application software is classified SECRET. Communications Distribution Unit software is classified CONFIDENTIAL. The system specifications and limitations are classified CONFIDENTIAL. Vulnerability Data, coun-termeasures, vulnerability/susceptibility analyses, and threat definitions are classi-fied SECRET or CONFIDENTIAL. 3. Guided Multiple Launch Rocket System Alternative Warhead (GMLRS–AW) M30A1. The GMLRS–AW, M30A1, is the next design increment of the GMLRS rocket. The GMLRS–AW M30A1 hardware is over 90% common with the M31A1 GMLRS Unitary hardware. Operational range is between 15–70 kilometers. Accuracy of less than 15 meters Circular Error Probability at all ranges, when using inertial guidance with Global Po-sitioning System (GPS) augmentation. Uses a proximity sensor fuze mode with a 10 meter height of burst. The Alternative Warhead carries a 200 pound fragmentation assembly filled with high explosives which, upon deto-nation, accelerates two layers of pre-formed tungsten fragments optimized for effective-ness against large area and imprecisely lo-cated targets. The GMLRS–AW provides an area target attack capability that is treaty compliant (no un-exploded ordnance). It pro-vides a 24 hour, all weather, long range at-tack capability against personnel, soft and lightly armored targets, and air defense tar-gets. The GMLRS–AW uses the same motor, guidance and control systems fuze mecha-nisms, and proximity sensors as the M31A1 GMLRS Unitary. The highest classification level for release of the GMLRS–AW is SE-CRET, based upon the software, sale or test-ing of the end item. The highest level of clas-sification that must be disclosed for produc-tion, maintenance, or training is CON-FIDENTIAL. 4. The GPS PPS component of the HIMARS munitions (GMLRS Unitary, Alter-native Warhead, and ATACMS Unitary) is also contained in the Fire Direction System, is classified SECRET, and is considered SEN-SITIVE. To that end, no GPS PPS design in-formation, including GPS software algo-rithms, will be disclosed in the course of this sale to country. Susceptibility of GMLRS to diversion or exploitation is considered low risk. GMLRS employs an inertial naviga-tional system that is aided by a Selective Availability Anti-Spoofing Module (SAASM) equipped GPS receiver. To that end, this sys-tem requires encryption keys controlled by, and issued by, the National Security Agency. 5. AFATDS is a multi-service (U.S. Army and U.S. Marine Corps) automated, expert decision support system used for Command, Control, Communications and integration and synchronization of fires on ground tar-gets during all phases of military conflict. AFATDS provides the automated tools that significantly augment the capability of fire support coordinators, fire support assets commanders, and their respective staffs at every echelon during the planning and execu-tion of fire support on the dynamic battle-fields in support of the Maneuver Com-mander and his plans. 6. The classification of the request for as-sistance and customized AFATDS with sani-tized and customized JMEM and LMM, and/ or with functionally compatible but UN-CLASSIFIED modular substitutes for COMSEC, JMEM, and LMM capabilities, is available for Foreign Military Sales (FMS) with the following restrictions and caveats. The software source code and design speci-fications are UNCLASSIFIED but considered highly sensitive and are not available for EMS. The following items, while they are unclassified they are not individually freely and openly releasable, however, they can be offered for FMS as individually and specifi-cally included items of complete system pro-curements: executable code, training manu-als, user manuals, and system documenta-tion such as external system architecture diagrams, high level internal software archi-tecture diagrams, the Version Description Document, and the System Administrator Manual as customized for each individual FMS customer. The highest level of informa-tion that is necessarily disclosed during maintenance of these sanitized systems and applications is UNCLASSIFIED/FOUO. The highest level of sensitive information that is necessarily disclosed by the sale of these sanitized systems and applications is UN-CLASSIFIED/FOUO. The highest level of in-formation that is necessarily disclosed to allow system administration of these sani-tized systems and applications UNCLASSI-FIED/FOUO. The highest level of informa-tion that is necessarily disclosed in training of these sanitized systems and applications is UNCLASSIFIED/FOUO. The highest level of information that could be revealed by re-verse engineering or testing of these systems is UNCLASSIFIED/FOUO. Through scanning or testing these sanitized systems and appli-cations, specific vulnerabilities could be dis-closed, and will be treated at UNCLASSI-FIED/FOUO. The identification of these vulnerabilities with U.S.-only systems is CLASSIFIED, per Section 6.3. Participants of the FMS process shall not make ref-erences to U.S.-only system maintenance, administration, or technical details because they could be considered SECRET. 7. Susceptibility of ATACMS Unitary M57 FMS Variant, GMLRS M30A1 and M31A1 to diversion or exploitation is considered low risk. Components of the system are also con-sidered highly resistant to reverse engineer-ing. Detailed knowledge of the technical ca-pabilities of the system could enable an enemy to tailor defenses and adjust tactics and procedures to minimize the effectiveness of the system. 8. Susceptibility of AFATDS to diversion or exploitation is considered low risk. Soft-ware of the system are also considered high-ly resistant to reverse engineering. Detailed knowledge of the technical capabilities of the system could enable an enemy to tailor defenses and adjust tactics and procedures to minimize the effectiveness of the system. Training and user manuals are unclassified but considered sensitive and not for general release to foreign nationals, except that they will be provided with the system when the system is procured through foreign military sales. Installation instructions are unclassi-fied but considered sensitive and not for gen-eral release to foreign nationals, except that they will be provided with the system when the system is procured through FMS. 9. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software, the information could be used to develop countermeasures, which might reduce weapon system effec-tiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabili-ties. 10. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the enclosed Military Policy Justification. Moreover, the benefits to be derived from this sale outweigh the po-tential damage that could result if the sen-sitive technology were revealed to unauthor-ized persons. A determination has been made that Romania can provide the same degree of protection for the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. 11. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for release and export to Romania. D
EFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–45, concerning the Navy’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of Australia for defense articles and services estimated to cost $360 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures: 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–45 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Australia (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $0 million. Other $360 million. Total $360 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): None. Non-MDE includes: Ten-year upgrade pro-gram for twenty-four (24) MH–60R Multi-Mis-sion Helicopters and associated training de-vices, spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, engineering and technical services, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and logistics support services, Engineering Change Proposals (ECPs), ECPs for training devices, classified software (JMPS/MDLs), Engineering Tech-nical Assistance (ETA), Logistics Technical Assistance (LTA), Other Technical Assist-ance (OTA), supply support, support equip-ment, and other related elements of logistics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Navy (AT–P– GRS). (v) Prior Related Cases. if any: AT–P–GXO, AT–P–SCF, AT–P–GTC. (vi) Sales Commission. Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: August 30, 2017 *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.050 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4926 September 5, 2017 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Australia—Upgrade Program for (24) MH–60R Multi-Mission Helicopters The Government of Australia has re-quested a follow-on case for a possible ten- year upgrade program for twenty-four (24) MH–60R Multi-Mission Helicopters and asso-ciated training devices, spare and repair parts, support and test equipment, engineer-ing and technical services, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, technical and lo-gistics support services, Engineering Change Proposals (ECPs), ECPs for training devices, classified software (JMPS/MDLs), Engineer-ing Technical Assistance (ETA), Logistics Technical Assistance (LTA), Other Technical Assistance (OTA), supply support, support equipment, and other related elements of lo-gistics and program support. The total esti-mated program cost is $360 million. This sale will support the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the security of a major non-NATO ally that continues to be an important force for political stability and economic progress in the Western Pacific. It is vital to the U.S. national interest to assist our ally in developing and maintaining a strong and ready self-defense capability. The proposed upgrades to the MH–60R heli-copters will improve Australia’s antisub-marine and surface warfare capability, pro-vide an improved search and rescue capa-bility, enhance its anti-ship surveillance ca-pability, and will help it carry out inter-national commitments for transport, surveil-lance, and search and rescue operations with the United States and other allies. The pro-posed upgrades will also provide Australia the resources necessary to properly maintain its multi-mission helicopters. Australia will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractor will be Sikorsky, a Lockheed Martin Company, Stratford, CT and Lockheed Martin, Owego, NY. There are no offsets proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to Australia. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–45 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The Commonwealth of Australia require-ment for spiral upgrades to the twenty-four (24) Multi-Mission MH–60R Helicopters could include: a. Mission Capability Areas: Surface War-fare/Surveillance/Flight Management, Navi-gation & Communication/Data Management & Fusion b. Mission Capability Areas: Anti-Sub-marine Warfare/Flight Management, Naviga-tion & Communication c. Mission Capability Areas: Flight Man-agement, Navigation & Communication/Data Management & Fusion d. Mission Capability Areas: Flight Man-agement, Navigation & Communication/Data Management & Fusion/Air Vehicle Service Life e. Mission Capability Areas for Develop-ment: Kinematic Performance/Airborne Sur-vivability f. Mission Capability Areas for Develop-ment: Obsolescence Management g. Mission Capability Areas: Surveillance/ Data Management & Data/Air Vehicle Serv-ice Life h. Software Lab i. USN Test Maintenance Cost 2. The spiral development case may con-tain sensitive technology; however, defined requirements are not known at this time and will be assessed on a case by case basis. 3. A determination has been made that Australia can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sensitive tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment. This sale is necessary in furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national secu-rity objectives outlined in the Policy Jus-tification. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal have been authorized for re-lease and export to Australia. f NATIONAL SENIOR CENTER MONTH Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, Sep-tember marks National Senior Center Month. More than 11,000 senior centers across the country serve more than 1 million older adults every day. For many older Americans, senior centers are the heart of their communities, of-fering a place for everything from meals to recreational activities to health and wellness programs. Senior centers also create a sense of comity and community, giving older Ameri-cans a place to connect while reducing the social isolation that often burdens our older citizens. This summer, as ranking member of the U.S. Senate Special Committee on Aging, I visited numerous senior cen-ters across the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, in rural, urban, and sub-urban areas, to discuss the issues on the minds of older Pennsylvanians. At each stop, older Pennsylvanians told me about the important role that sen-ior centers play in their daily lives, as a gathering place and a resource, pro-viding not only necessary nutrition programs, but also benefits counseling, employment assistance, volunteer op-portunities, transportation assistance, and so much more. Senior centers and senior center staff deserve our support. Communities piece together numerous sources to fund their senior center operations, in-cluding Federal, State, and local gov-ernment resources, private-sector do-nations and grants, and the man-hours of countless volunteers. Many of the county commissioners who joined me during these visits expressed their sup-port for the Community Development Block Grant, which regrettably is slat-ed for elimination by the administra-tion. Counties throughout Pennsyl-vania depend on the Community Devel-opment Block Grant program to fund important infrastructure in our com-munities. Now is not the time to scale back our investment in these needs. I stand with our community leaders in support of the Community Develop-ment Block Grant program, and I will fight to protect these vital resources from elimination. I am delighted to join with leaders from across the aging network in Penn-sylvanian and throughout the country in honoring the work of senior centers and recognizing September as National Senior Center Month. f 
30TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CAR-IBOU COMMUNITY-BASED OUT-PATIENT CLINIC Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, 30 years ago, Caribou, ME, served as the proving ground upon which America has built a nationwide system of com-munity-based outpatient clinics that delivers much improved access to med-ical services for America’s rural vet-erans. The anniversary celebration on September 7 recognizes the determined commitment of Cary Medical Center, the Department of Veterans Affairs, local veterans, and an entire commu-nity that transformed healthcare for the men and women who defend our Nation and our freedom. Our Nation’s first CBOC held its for-mal opening in Caribou, my hometown, on June 13, 1987. The impact was imme-diate—no longer would the veterans of Aroostook County have to endure an up-to 10-hour round trip to the nearest VA hospital for medical exams or to meet with a VA physician. Today the Caribou CBOC treats a veteran popu-lation of 3,500 men and women who served our country, with more than 9,000 care visits annually. The pio-neering work done in Caribou led to benefits for America’s 3.5 million rural veterans who now receive care closer to home at more than 950 CBOCs through-out the country. The story of the great advancement in healthcare began 8 years before that formal opening, when seven Aroostook County veterans devoted themselves to the mission of improving access to crit-ical healthcare services in this region. The original members of Aroostook County Veterans Medical Facility Re-search and Development, Inc.—Percy Thibeault, Meo Bosse, John Rowe, Ray Guerrette, Wesley Adams, Walter Corey, and Leonard Woods, Jr.—faced many obstacles along the way and overcame them all. These patriots ex-emplified a special quality of the American veteran: they continued to contribute long after their service in uniform was done. That great mission would not have been accomplished without the dedica-tion and expertise of Cary Medical Cen-ter and the involvement of Bill Flagg. As the American Hospital Association noted in its Award of Honor presen-tation in 2011, Cary Medical Center has made exemplary contributions in the critical area of veterans’ healthcare and has established a national model. In addition to playing a vital role in es-tablishing the VA’s first CBOC in Car-ibou, Cary Medical Center was one of five pilot sites for the highly successful Access Received Closer to Home, or ARCH, program. Maine’s program, led by Kris Doody and a tremendous team of professionals, has been called a standard bearer for how to provide 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.052 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4927 September 5, 2017 
rural veterans access to the care they need in their communities. Before he became VA Secretary, I had the oppor-tunity to join Dr. David Shulkin on a visit to both the Caribou CBOC and Cary Medical Center, where he praised the innovative work being done being done to provide veterans with top qual-ity healthcare close to where they live. Veterans in Aroostook County and throughout America are grateful for Cary’s leadership. Our State has long history as a lead-er in working to expand and improve veterans’ access to quality healthcare. One year ago, we celebrated the 150th anniversary of the very first national hospital for veterans: Togus, in Maine, which opened its doors in November of 1866. In 2014, we celebrated the opening of the women’s clinic at Togus in rec-ognition of the fact that more and more women serve our country in uni-form. I am determined to continue those early efforts on behalf of our rural vet-erans. The recent enactment of the VA Choice and Quality Employment Act of 2017, which I cosponsored with my Maine colleague Senator A
NGUS KING, is an important step toward keeping this obligation to our veterans, both urban and rural. As well as providing additional funding for healthcare ac-cess in the community, the legislation authorizes 28 leases for VA facilities across the country, including a much- needed CBOC in Portland. The result of this crucial legislation is increased ac-cess to quality care for all who have defended our freedom. Maine is home to more than 125,000 veterans. To put that in perspective, Maine has more veterans per capita than all but two of the other States in the country. We are proud of our State’s contributions to protecting our Nation and of Maine’s impressive record in caring for our veterans. President Abraham Lincoln signed the legislation establishing a national network of hospitals for Civil War vet-erans on March 3, 1865. The very next day, he concluded his second inaugural address with a commitment ‘‘to bind up our nation’s wounds, to care for him who shall have borne the battle. . . .’’ We must uphold that commitment. Our veterans have sacrificed so much for our country. We owe them all that we can do to ensure they receive the best care possible. The veterans and grateful citizens who fought for the Caribou CBOC knew that, and, on this 30th anniversary, we honor their dedi-cation by carrying on their work. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO LIEUTENANT GEN-ERAL FREDRICK B. ‘‘BEN’’ HODGES Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to a great leader and an exceptional Army officer, LTG Federick B. ‘‘Ben’’ Hodges who is cur-rently serving as the commanding gen-eral of U.S. Army Europe in Wiesbaden, Germany, as he prepares for his transi-tion and retirement from Active Duty. LTG Ben Hodges has served our Army and our Nation for more than 35 years. He has been a true professional and a dedicated soldier, leader, and of-ficer. Throughout his career, he has commanded our great soldiers at many levels, he has deployed to combat nu-merous times in defense of the Nation, and he has been assigned the most crit-ical positions in our Army. Lieutenant General Hodges continues to provide outstanding leadership, advice, and sound professional judgment on numer-ous critical issues of enduring impor-tance to the Army, Congress, and this Nation. A native of Quincy, FL, Lieutenant General Hodges graduated from the U.S. Military Academy in May 1980 and was commissioned as a second lieuten-ant of infantry. After his first assign-ment in an infantry unit in Germany, he commanded infantry units at the company, battalion, and brigade levels in the 101st Airborne Division and in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom during the initial invasion of Iraq as Bastogne 6, leading the 327th Infantry Regiment. Throughout his magnificent career, Lieutenant General Hodges has served in a variety of important positions within the U S Army, proving over and over again his exceptional leadership and staff skills. These positions include service as a tactics Instructor at the Infantry school, aide-de-camp to the Supreme Allied Commander Europe, and service as both the deputy chief and then chief of legislative, liaison for the U.S. Army in Washington, D.C. Lieutenant General Hodges’ assign-ments as a general officer include dep-uty commander for stability, Regional Command-South, International Secu-rity Assistance Force supporting Oper-ation Enduring Freedom in Afghani-stan from August 2009 until October 2010. Before arriving in Germany, Lieu-tenant General Hodges also held a lead-ership position at NATO, serving as the first commander of Allied Land Com-mand, Izmir, Turkey, from November 2012 to October 2014. For the past 3 years, Lieutenant Gen-eral Hodges has been the commanding general of United States U.S. Army Eu-rope. During this period of extraor-dinary change and challenge in Eu-rope’s security environment, Lieuten-ant General Hodges has improved rela-tionships with NATO allies and Euro-pean partners. Through his leadership, Lieutenant General Hodges has suc-cessfully led his command through some of the most complex issues our Army has faced in recent years with unparalleled results. While increasing the transparency of Army operations within Europe, Lieutenant General Hodges has led his command through the rapid growth in the frequency and complexity of multinational training exercises, thus increasing interoper-ability and strengthening NATO’s com-mitment to deter potential aggression. The foundations set by Lieutenant General Hodges will allow NATO and our Army to meet every mission re-quirement in Europe. On behalf of Congress and the United States of America, I thank LTG Ben Hodges, his wife, Holly, and their en-tire family for their continued commit-ment, sacrifice, and contribution to this great Nation. I join my colleagues in wishing him future success in all as-pects of life and I am sure that many so1diers will continue to emulate him as a role model for service, sacrifice, and leadership. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING PHYLLIS SCHLAFLY ∑Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, today I am proud to stand to honor Phyllis Schlafly, a woman who was not only an incredible Missourian, but an incred-ible American. She was a strong con-servative, engaged citizen, proud wife and mother, powerful speaker, pas-sionate lawyer, devout Catholic, and good friend of mine. We lost her a year ago, and I take this moment today to pay tribute to her and the impact she had on our Nation. There is no doubt that the name Phyllis Schlafly will be mentioned in the history of conservatism. Upon Phyllis’s receiving of the Women of Achievement Award in 1963, publisher of St. Louis Globe-Democrat Richard Amberg stated that ‘‘Phyllis Schlafly stands for everything that has made America great and for those things which will keep it that way.’’ Our late President, Ronald Reagan, said to Phyllis Schlafly, ‘‘Eagle Forum has set a high standard of volunteer participation in the political and legis-lative process. . . . You’ve been out front on so many of the most impor-tant issues of our time....  Your work is an example to all those who would struggle for an America that is pros-perous and free....  Our nation needs the kind of dedicated individual volun-teer service you and Eagle Forum have demonstrated over the last 20 years.’’ Phyllis was born and raised in St. Louis, MO. She attended college at Washington University and received her master of arts degree at Radcliffe College. She married John Fred Schlafly, Jr., in 1949 and had six chil-dren. In 1972, Phyllis established Eagle Forum, and her work to strengthen conservative principles flourished from there. Her voice became the conserv-ative conscience of the GOP, and she was never afraid to let me or any other member of the Republican Party know when she felt we were not true to those ideals. While I wish today to commemorate her upon the anniversary of her death, I would be remiss if I didn’t point out that her passing did not end her life’s work. Her legacy of strong conservative values continues today through organi-zations, books, and through the passion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05SE6.010 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4928 September 5, 2017 
she ignited in fellow conservatives. Whether or not one agrees or disagrees with her points of view, one must ac-knowledge her crucial part in the his-tory of American politics. When she began speaking publicly in the 1960s, Phyllis blazed a trail and en-couraged women and mothers every-where to step into American politics and issues of the day. She wasn’t afraid to voice the thoughts she had that oth-ers agreed with, yet were too afraid to speak; nor was she afraid to challenge those with whom she disagreed. Phyllis demonstrated to all of us that every voice matters and reminded us that a powerful voice lies not in whoever is talking the loudest but whoever sees potential for change. Phyllis was a pioneer for women in the world of politics, especially for conservative women, and simulta-neously encouraged all Americans to get involved in issues bigger than themselves. She advocated tirelessly throughout her life and never retired. She was one of the first conservatives to publicly endorse then-candidate Donald Trump. At her 2016 funeral, President Trump said, ‘‘Her legacy will live on every time some underdog—outmatched and outgunned—defies the odds and deliv-ers a win for the people.’’ Phyllis Schlafly lived a life of dedica-tion and perseverance. She continu-ously served our Nation through her inspiring speeches, encouraging atti-tude, and passion for the future. We miss her and thank her for all the work she has done. Today we honor her and her legacy and take a moment to rec-ognize the longstanding impact she has had on our Nation.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. JERRY C. DAVIS ∑Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to Dr. Jerry C. Davis, president of College of the Ozarks in Point Lookout, MO. Dr. Davis is the recipient of the prestigious E. Burr Gibson Lifetime Achievement Award, given by the Council for Ad-vancement and Support of Education, CASE. The lifetime achievement award hon-ors individuals in higher education who have made a significant and lasting im-pact in the field of institutional ad-vancement through their professional accomplishments. It also honors those who have earned the deep respect and admiration of their professional col-leagues. Dr. Davis is one of the longest sitting college presidents in the entire United States, serving for over 40 years. He be-came president of Alice Lloyd College in Kentucky in 1977 and served until 1988, when he became president of the College of the Ozarks, where he re-mains today. Throughout his tenure as president, he has transformed the College of the Ozarks into a unique higher education institution with an endowment over $500 million. Nearly every student graduates debt-free by working at on- campus jobs—a significant achieve-ment at a time when student loans are a major burden for many students and families around the country. Dr. Davis is also responsible for cre-ating the College of the Ozarks Patri-otic Travel Program. This program pairs veterans with college students to help instill appreciation for the sac-rifices of American servicemen and women by traveling back to the battle-fields of our Nation’s wars. To date, over 300 students have traveled to Viet-nam, Japan, and South Korea with over 150 veterans. Dr. Davis’s deep love for his country is also reflected by his work to honor those that have sacrificed for our Na-tion by building memorials on campus. Under Dr. Davis’s leadership, the col-lege built memorials honoring Missouri Vietnam veterans, the heroes of 9/11, and Missouri Gold Star families. In the spring of 2018, the college will dedicate a new memorial honoring the Korean war. Dr. Davis has received many awards and accolades for both his specific in-stitutions and in the realm of higher education. He has been active at mul-tiple levels of both the Southern and North Central Accrediting Agencies, serving on more than 50 accreditation teams and chairing over half of them. Dr. Davis also served two terms as president of the American Association of Presidents of Independent Colleges and Universities. In 2015, Dr. Davis and the College of the Ozarks received the National Free-dom Award. This award is the highest honor given by the U.S. Department of Defense to employers for support of Na-tional Guard and Reserve Employees. Dr. Davis’s leadership has truly transformed the College of the Ozarks, and there is no doubt why he was se-lected to receive this lifetime achieve-ment award. I know that the students, alumni, local community, and all those connected to the College of the Ozarks are grateful for his leadership, as am I. Thank you.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GAIL BATES ∑Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Gail Bates and not only wish her a happy birthday but also reflect on her years of service to the State of New Hampshire and our country. Gail Bates was born Gail Oberlin in Cleveland, OH, on June 10, 1917 and re-ceived a degree from Vassar College in Italian and art history, then was awarded her master’s in social work from Columbia University. When the United States of America joined the Allies and went to war in 1941, Gail answered her country’s call, serving in the American Red Cross from 1943 to 1945. She was stationed overseas to England with the Ninth Air Force, where she served with Red Cross Aero Clubs and worked long hours, sup-porting aircrews and soldiers from 6 AM to midnight As a member of the Aero Club, Gail worked to provide food, coffee, music, and other reminders of home to American soldiers stationed so far from our shores. On D-Day, Gail first heard of the Al-lied landings in Normandy while eating breakfast in a London cafe. She would soon join the Allied armies in conti-nental Europe, arriving in Sainte- Me´re-E´glise, France, in July, where she hosted a party for the children of Sainte-Me´re-E´glise, providing a brief respite from war for the first liberated town in France. Following Allied vic-tories in eastern France and Belgium, Gail accompanied General George Pat-ton and his Third Army into Germany and was one of only two women who served in the Red Cross Aero Club in Berlin. After the war, while working at the American Alpine Association, Gail met and then married Bob Bates, an educa-tor and mountaineer, and they traveled the world together. Both avid moun-taineers, they traveled to many remote areas around the world, including the Andes, the Himalayas, and the Karakorum Range. In 1962, Bob was re-cruited by Sargent Shriver to be direc-tor of the first group of Peace Corps volunteers in Nepal, and Bob and Gail lived together in Kathmandu, where they made many lifelong friends and invited a young Nepali woman, Tsering Yangdon, who is now a member of their extended family, to study at the Uni-versity of New Hampshire. As much as the world called to them, however, Bob and Gail never lost their attachment to and love for their local community. They protected historic New Hampshire buildings and pre-served our open spaces and beautiful, wild areas of nature. In 1996, Gail es-tablished an endowed fund to perma-nently support the Robert H. Bates Mountaineering Room at Phillips Exe-ter Academy in the Class of 1945 Li-brary. The collection contains many of Bob’s collected mountaineering books and memorabilia. As Senator for New Hampshire, I want to honor Gail’s lifetime of service and good citizenship. I join with Gail’s friends and family, as well as many, many people across the Granite State, in wishing her a very happy 100th birthday.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHANE DOAN ∑Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to honor a National Hockey League—NHL—legend, an Olympian, and a point of pride for Ari-zonans. After 21 seasons, 1,540 games, and 972 points scored, Shane Doan can now retire his skates with pride. A pil-lar in the Arizona community and a legend to hockey fans worldwide, Shane has left an indelible mark on the game, inspiring future generations of hockey players. Shane’s career started in 1992 in the Western Hockey League’s Kamloops Blazers—during which the team won 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05SE6.012 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4929 September 5, 2017 
back-to-back Memorial Cups. The 1995 Memorial Cup secured Shane the Staf-ford Smythe Memorial Trophy, hon-oring him as tournament’s Most Valu-able Player, MVP. Later that year, Shane was picked up by the NHL as a first-round draft pick with the Win-nipeg Jets. Shane excelled with the team, who played him in the Stanley Cup, eventually naming him ‘‘Rookie of the Year.’’ Shane moved with his team to Phoe-nix, AZ, where he would remain until the end of his career, the 2016–17 sea-son. Throughout his years as an Ari-zona Coyote, Shane accomplished many personal awards and franchise records, including selection for the 2006 Canadian Olympic Hockey Team, the King Clancy Trophy in 2009–10, the Mark Messer NHL Leadership Award in 2011–12, and selection for the NHL All- Star Team in 2003–04 and again in 2008– 09. In December 2015, Shane secured the franchise record for career goals, at 379 goals, and again in February 2016 for franchise points, at 929 points. Upon his retirement, Shane was the longest serving active captain in the NHL, hav-ing lead the Coyotes for 14 years. As an avid sports fan, I am honored to have had Shane playing for the Ari-zona Coyotes for 20 years. I have been privileged to get to know Shane over the course of his career and can con-fidently say that he is a model of lead-ership and sportsmanship to those around him, both on and off the ice. I join with hockey fans in Arizona and across the world in congratulating Shane on his illustrious career and wish him, his wife, Andrea, and his kids Gracie, Josh, Karys, and Carson all the best as they enter this new chapter of life.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on August 4, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the House has passed the following joint resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: H.J. Res 76. Joint resolution granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to enter into a compact relating to the estab-lishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on August 4, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ARRIS ) had signed the following enrolled bills: 
S. 114. An act to authorize appropriations and to appropriate amounts for the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, to improve hiring authorities of the Department, to authorize major med-ical facility leases, and for other purposes. H.R. 374. An act to remove the sunset pro-vision of section 203 of Public Law 105–384, and for other purposes. H.R. 510. An act to establish a system for integration of Rapid DNA instruments for use by law enforcement to reduce violent crime and reduce the current DNA analysis backlog. H.R. 873. An act to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to es-tablish the National Global War on Ter-rorism Memorial as a commemorative work in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. H.R. 2210. An act to designate the commu-nity living center of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs in Butler Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Sergeant Jo-seph George Kusick VA Community Living Center’’. H.R. 2430. An act to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the user-fee programs for prescription drugs, medical devices, generic drugs, and biosimilar biological products, and for other purposes. H.R. 3218. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled bills were signed on August 4, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on August 11, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the House agrees to the amend-ment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 339) to amend Public Law 941–241 with respect to the Northern Mariana Is-lands. The message also announced that the House agrees to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2288) to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to ap-peals of decisions regarding claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION  
SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on August 11, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. COMSTOCK ) had signed the following en-rolled bills and joint resolution: 
H.R. 339. An act to amend Public Law 94– 241 with respect to the Northern Mariana Is-lands. H.R. 2288. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and proc-esses relating to appeals of decisions regard-ing claims for benefits under the laws admin-istered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and for other purposes. H.J. Res. 76. Joint resolution granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to enter into a compact relating to the estab-lishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the en-rolled bills and joint resolution were signed on August 11, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, by the Act-ing President pro tempore (Mr. M
CCON-
NELL ). 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that pursuant to section 4003(e) of the 21st Century Cures Act (Public Law 114–255), the Minority Leader appoints the following indi-vidual on the part of the House of Rep-resentatives to the Health Information Technology Advisory Committee: Mr. Arien Malec of Oakland, California. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following bill was read the sec-ond time, and placed on the calendar: 
S. 1757. A bill to strengthen border secu-rity, increase resources for enforcement of immigration laws, and for other purposes. f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on August 7, 2017, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 114. An act to authorize appropriations and to appropriate amounts for the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, to improve hiring authorities of the Department, to authorize major med-ical facility leases, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2462. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Beta Cyclodextrin, Methyl Ethers; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05SE6.009 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4930 September 5, 2017 
Exemption from the Requirement of a Toler-ance’’ (FRL No. 9963–58) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–2463. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Cyclaniliprole; Pesticide Tolerances and Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9963–02) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Au-gust 1, 2017; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2464. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Ethaboxam; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9961–69) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–2465. A communication from the Senior Official performing the duties of the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Department of Defense 2017 Major Automated Information System (MAIS) Annual Reports (MARs) and an index of the 35 MARs; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–2466. A communication from the Sec-retary of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the export to the People’s Republic of China of items not det-rimental to the U.S. space launch industry; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2467. A communication from the Acting Assistant Administrator of the Office of Di-version Control, Drug Enforcement Agency, Department of Justice, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Des-ignation of Alpha-Phenylacetoacetonitrile (APAAN), a Precursor Chemical Used in the Illicit Manufacture of Phenylacetone, Meth-amphetamine, and Amphetamine, as a List I Chemical’’ ((RIN1117–ZA04) (Docket No. DEA–379)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 1, 2017; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–2468. A communication from the Acting Chief Privacy and Civil Liberties Officer, Of-fice of Privacy and Civil Liberties, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Privacy Act of 1974; Implementation’’’ (CPCLO Order No. 007–2017) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on July 26, 2017; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–2469. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to Test Methods, Perform-ance Specifications, and Testing Regulations for Air Emission Sources; Technical Correc-tion’’ (FRL No. 9965–63–OAR) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Au-gust 1, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–2470. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Connecticut; In-frastructure Requirement for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard’’ (FRL No. 9965–52–Region 1) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2471. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Kentucky; Infra-structure Requirements for the 2012 PM2.5 National Ambient Air Quality Standard’’ (FRL No. 9965–56–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Au-gust 1, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–2472. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Georgia; New Source Review and Per-mitting Updates’’ (FRL No. 9965–60–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2473. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, San Joaquin Valley Unified Air Pollu-tion Control District’’ (FRL No. 9965–26–Re-gion 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2474. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollut-ants: Colorado, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Utah, and Wyoming; Negative Declarations; Correction’’ (FRL No. 9965–11– Region 8) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 1, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2475. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Implementation Plans; Nevada; Regional Haze Progress Report’’ (FRL No. 9964–74–Re-gion 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2476. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollut-ants: Colorado, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Utah, and Wyoming; Negative Declarations’’ (FRL No. 9965–78–Region 8) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 1, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2477. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘The Depart-ment of General Services Needs Guidance and Assistance to Develop Effective Internal Controls’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–2478. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Sufficiency Certification for the Washington Convention and Sports Authority (Trading as Events DC) Projected Revenues and Excess Reserve to Meet Projected Operating and Debt Service Expenditures and Reserve Requirements for Fiscal Year 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–2479. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Sec-retary of Agriculture, received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2480. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary for Research, Education, and Economics, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2017; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2481. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Agriculture, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary of Agriculture for Trade and Foreign Agri-cultural Affairs, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 9, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2482. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting the report of an officer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half) in ac-cordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–2483. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting the report of an officer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of major general in accordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–2484. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Jo-seph P. Aucoin, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–2485. A communication from the Senior Official performing the duties of the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Section 721 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364), 7-Year Update, Longitudinal Study on Trau-matic Brain Injury Incurred by Members of the Armed Forces in Operation Iraqi Free-dom and Operation Enduring Freedom’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–2486. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting the report of an officer authorized to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half) in ac-cordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–2487. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (Delaware County, IN, Unincor-porated Areas)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2017–0002)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2488. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Recordkeeping Requirements for Qualified Financial Contracts’’ (RIN3064–AE54) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 8, 2017; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2489. A communication from the Regu-latory Liaison, Office of Natural Resources Revenue, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Repeal of Consolidated Federal Oil 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.007 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4931 September 5, 2017 
and Gas and Federal and Indian Coal Valu-ation Reform’’ (RIN1012–AA20) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 7, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–2490. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conserva-tion Program: Test Procedure for Dedicated- Purpose Pool Pumps’’ ((RIN1904–AD66) (Docket No. EERE–2016–BT–TP–0002)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of Sen-ate on August 7, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–2491. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, Placer County Air Pollution Control District’’ (FRL No. 9965–90–Region 9) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–2492. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Revision to Allegheny County Regula-tions for Open Burning’’ (FRL No. 9965–75– Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2493. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘SC: Revisions to New Source Review Rules’’ (FRL No. 9965–85–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2494. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; District of Columbia; Regional Haze Five-Year Progress Report State Implementation Plan’’ (FRL No. 9965–73–Region 3) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2495. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Mississippi: Pre-vention of Significant Deterioration Up-dates’’ (FRL No. 9965–70–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2496. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Florida; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2010 NO2 NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9965–83– Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2497. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Alaska: Infra-structure Requirements for the 2008 Lead Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards’’ (FRL No. 9965–76–Region 10) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2498. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approvals, Idaho: Logan Utah/Idaho PM2.5 Nonattainment Area’’ (FRL No. 9965–67–Region 10) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2499. A communication from the Regu-lations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Prospective Payment System and Consolidated Billing for Skilled Nursing Facilities for Fiscal Year 2018, SNF Value-Based Purchasing Program, SNF Qual-ity Reporting Program, Survey Team Com-position, and Correction of the Performance Period for the NHSN HCP Influenza Vaccina-tion Immunization Reporting Measure in the ESRD QIP for PY 2020’’ ((RIN0938–AS98) (CMS–1677–F)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2500. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on the Administration, Cost and Impact of the Quality Improvement Organization (QIO) Program for Medicare Beneficiaries for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2501. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Fiscal Year 2018 Inpatient Psy-chiatric Facilities Prospective Payment Sys-tem—Rate Update’’ ((RIN0938–AS97) (CMS– 1673–NC)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2502. A communication from the Cor-respondence and Regulation Specialist, Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Services, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Inpa-tient Rehabilitation Facility Prospective Payment System for Federal Fiscal Year 2018’’ ((RIN0938–AS99) (CMS–1671–F)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–2503. A communication from the Cor-respondence and Regulation Specialist, Cen-ters for Medicare and Medicaid Services, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Fiscal Year 2018 Hospice Wage Index and Payment Rate Update and Hospice Quality Reporting Requirements’’ ((RIN0938–AT00) (CMS–1675– F)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–2504. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Information Re-porting on Minimum Essential Coverage Under a Catastrophic Plan’’ (Notice 2017–41) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–2505. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘One-Year Delay in the Application of Subsection 1.385–2’’ (No-tice 2017–36) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–2506. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Extension of the Phase-In Period for the Enforcement and Ad-ministration of Section 871(m)’’ (Notice 2017– 42) received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on August 10, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2507. A communication from the Dep-uty Director, Centers for Medicare and Med-icaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medicare Program; Hospital Inpatient Prospective Payment Systems for Acute Care Hospitals and the Long-Term Care Hospital Prospec-tive Payment System and Policy Changes and Fiscal Year 2018 Rates; Quality Report-ing Requirements for Specific Providers; Medicare and Medicaid Electronic Health Record (EHR) Incentive Program Require-ments for Eligible Hospitals, Critical Access Hospitals, and Eligible Professionals; Pro-vider-Based Status of Indian Health Service and Tribal Facilities and Organizations; Costs Reporting and Provider Requirements; Agreement Termination Notices’’ ((RIN0938– AS98) (CMS–1677–F)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2508. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the designation of a group as a Foreign Terrorist Organization by the Sec-retary of State (OSS–2017–866); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–2509. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of Postsecondary Education, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Teacher Preparation Issues’’ (RIN1840–AD07) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2510. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, National Endowment for the Humanities, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Chairperson, National Endowment for Hu-manities, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2511. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Critical Work of the Child Fatality Review Com-mittee Should Build on Recent Reforms’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–2512. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Personnel Management, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Office’s annual report on Federal agencies’ use of the Physicians’ Comparability Allowance (PCA) program; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–2513. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.009 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4932 September 5, 2017 
on D.C. Act 22–123, ‘‘Commission on the Arts and Humanities Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–2514. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Adminis-trator, Federal Emergency Management Agency, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–2515. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Secretary of Homeland Security, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 9, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–2516. A communication from the Sec-retary, Judicial Conference of the United States, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Report of the Proceedings of the Judicial Conference of the United States’’ for the March 2017 session; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–2517. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Department’s activities under the Civil Rights of Institutionalized Persons Act dur-ing fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–2518. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to grants made under the Paul Coverdell National Forensic Science Improvement Grants Program; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–2519. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulation Policy and Management, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Ensuring a Safe Environment for Community Residential Care Residents’’ (RIN2900–AP06) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–2520. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulation Policy and Management, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Loan Guaranty: Vendee Loan Fees’’ (RIN2900–AP32) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. EC–2521. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Adminis-trator, National Preparedness, Federal Emergency Management Agency, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–2522. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Marine City Maritime Fes-tival Water Ski Show, St. Clair River, Ma-rine City, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0688)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2523. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Canal Fest Water Ski Show; Erie Canal System, Fish Creek, Sylvan Beach, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0385)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2524. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Main Branch of the Chicago River, Chicago, IL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0331)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2525. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Oswego County Paddlefest; Oswego River, Oswego, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0666)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Au-gust 3, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2526. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Milwaukee Air and Water Show. Milwaukee Harbor; Milwaukee, Wis-consin’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0419)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2527. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Cleveland Parade of Lights Boat Parade; Cuyahoga River, Cleveland, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0482)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2528. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Oswego Harborfest Water Ski Show; Oswego Harbor, Oswego, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0576)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2529. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Lake Michigan, Calumet Har-bor , Chicago, IL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0581)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2530. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; 28th Annual Lake Erie Open Water Swim; Lake Erie, Cleveland, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0675)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2531. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Se-curity Zone; Atlantic Ocean, Ft. Lauderdale, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0670)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2532. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Kosciuszko Bridge Approvach Spans Demolition, Newtown Creek, Brooklyn and Queens, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0486)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2533. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Whiskey Island Paddlefest, Lake Erie, Cleveland, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0534)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Au-gust 3, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2534. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Commencement Bay, Tacoma, WA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0733)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2535. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Ogdensburg Summer Seaqay Festival; Saint Lawrence Seaway, Ogdensburg, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0714)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2536. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Selfridge Air Show, Clinton River, Harrison Township, MI’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0619)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2537. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Pleasure Beach Piers, Bridge-port, CT’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–1088)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2538. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Madison Light Up the Park Fireworks Display; Lake Erie, Madison Township, OH’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0549)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2539. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; BASS Master Fireworks Dis-play; Saint Lawrence River, Ogden Island, Waddington, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0386)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 4, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.011 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4933 September 5, 2017 
EC–2540. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; St. Louis River (Duluth-Superior Harbor), be-tween the towns of Duluth, MN and Superior, WI’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0212)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2541. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Con-necticut River, East Haddam, CT’’ ((RIN1625– AA09) (Docket No. USCG–2016–1006)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 3, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2542. A communication from the Divi-sion Chief, Office of Engineering and Tech-nology, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Promotion Spectrum Access for Wireless Microphone Operations, Amendment of Part 15 of the Commission’s Rules for Unlicensed Operations in the Tele-vision Bands, and Repurposed 600 MHz Band...’’ ((GN Docket No. 14–166; ET Docket. No. 14–165; GN Docket No. 12–268; WT Docket No. 08–166; WT Docket No. 08–167; and ET Docket No. 10–24) (FCC 17–95)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2543. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2544. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of General Counsel, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2545. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Assistant Secretary for Governmental Affairs, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2546. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Maritime Adminis-trator, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2547. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Administrator, Fed-eral Railroad Administration, received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2548. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Administrator, Fed-eral Highway Administration, received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 9, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2549. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Importa-tion of Hass Avocados From Columbia’’ ((RIN0579–AE29)(Docket No. APHIS–2016– 0022)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2550. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘1-Triacontanol; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9964– 94) received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry . EC–2551. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Prothioconazole; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL No. 9964–40) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2552. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fatty acids, rape-oil, triesters with polyethylene glycol ether with glycerol (3:1); Tolerance Exemption’’ (FRL No. 9964–53) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2553. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the 2016 annual report on the Farm Credit System; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2554. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the Livestock, Poultry, and Seed Program, Agricultural Marketing Serv-ice, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Rules of Practice Governing Formal Adjudicatory Proceedings Instituted by the Secretary Under Various Statutes’’ (Docket No. AMS–LPS–16–0051) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 16, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2555. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the 2016 annual report on the Farm Credit System; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2556. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Potassium salts of naphthalenesulfonic acids formaldehyde con-densates; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9964–21) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 17, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry . EC–2557. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Poly(oxy-1,2-ethanediyl), a-isooctyl- w-hydroxy; Exemption from the Require-ment of a Tolerance’’ (FRL No. 9963–98) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 17, 2017; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–2558. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Admiral Michelle J. Howard, United States Navy, and her ad-vancement to the grade of admiral on the re-tired list; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–2559. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the con-tinuation of a national emergency declared in Executive Order 13222 with respect to the lapse of the Export Administration Act of 1979; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2560. A communication from the Acting Assistant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of General Counsel, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 16, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2561. A communication from the Acting Assistant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Under Secretary of the Treasury, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 16, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2562. A communication from the Acting Assistant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 16, 2017; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2563. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Legislation, Regula-tion and Energy Efficiency, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Occupational Radi-ation Protection’’ (RIN1992–AA51) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–2564. A communication from the Acting Chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the progress made in li-censing and constructing the Alaska Natural Gas Pipeline; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–2565. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Revisions to Procedure 2—Quality Assurance Requirements for Particulate Matter Continuous Emission Monitoring Systems at Stationary Sources’’ (FRL No. 9966–25–OAR) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2566. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.013 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4934 September 5, 2017 
Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Promulgation of State Implementa-tion Plan Revisions; Infrastructure Require-ments for the 2010 SO2 and 2012 PM2.5 Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards; South Dakota’’ (FRL No. 9965–05–Region 8) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2017; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–2567. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Promulgation of State Implementa-tion Plan Revisions; Infrastructure Require-ments for the 2010 SO2 and 2012 PM2.5 Na-tional Ambient Air Quality Standards; Colo-rado’’ (FRL No. 9966–06–Region 8) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2568. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Delaware: Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Pro-gram Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9965–87–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2017; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–2569. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Clean Water Act Methods Update Rule for the Analysis of Effluent’’ (FRL No. 9957–24–OW) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2570. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Re-visions to Implement the Revocation of the 1997 Ozone NAAQS’’ (FRL No. 9966–31–Region 3) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2017; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–2571. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Vermont; Re-gional Haze Five-Year Progress Report’’ (FRL No. 9966–37–Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2572. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘SC: Standards for Volatile Organic Compounds and Oxides of Nitrogen’’ (FRL No. 9966–22–Region 4) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2573. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; NC; Air Curtain Burners’’ (FRL No. 9966–24–Region 4) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–2574. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Connecticut; Non-attainment New Source Review Permit Re-quirements for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Stand-ard’’ (FRL No. 9965–92–Region 1) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2575. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval: Alabama; Trans-portation Conformity’’ (FRL No. 9966–29–Re-gion 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 10, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2576. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval SC: Multiple Revi-sions to Air Pollution Control Standards’’ (FRL No. 9966–20–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2577. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval: North Carolina: Transportation Conformity’’ (FRL No. 9966– 41–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2578. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Alabama; PSD Replacement Units’’ (FRL No. 9966–47–Re-gion 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2579. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; AL; VOC Defini-tions and Particulate Emissions’’ (FRL No. 9966–38–Region 4) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2580. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Iowa; Amendment to the Administrative Consent Order, Grain Processing Corporation, Muscatine, Iowa’’ (FRL No. 9966–59–Region 7) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2581. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; SC: Miscellaneous Revisions to Multiple Rules’’ (FRL No. 9966– 34–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2582. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Community Right-to-Know; Adopting 2017 North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) Codes for Toxics Release In-ventory (TRI) Reporting’’ ((RIN2070–AK32) (FRL No. 9964–77)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2583. A communication from the Na-tional Permits Coordinator, Fish and Wild-life Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Migratory Bird Permits; Control Order for Introduced Migratory Bird Species in Hawaii’’ (RIN1018–AZ69) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 17, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2584. A communication from the Wild-life Biologist, Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Migratory Bird Hunting; Seasons and Bag and Possession Limits for Certain Migratory Game Birds’’ (RIN1018–BB40) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 17, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2585. A communication from the Wild-life Biologist, Fish and Wildlife Service, De-partment of the Interior, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Migratory Bird Subsistence Harvest in Alaska; Use of Inedible Bird Parts in Au-thentic Alaska Native Handicrafts for Sale’’ (RIN1018–BB24) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 17, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2586. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘National Emission Standards for Haz-ardous Air Pollutants from the Portland Ce-ment Manufacturing Industry: Alternative Monitoring Method’’ (FRL No. 9966–64–OAR) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 17, 2017; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–2587. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Georgia: Permit Exemptions and Definitions; Withdrawal’’ (FRL No. 9966–66–Region 4) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 17, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2588. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘2016 National Healthcare Quality and Dis-parities Report’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2589. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of Postsecondary Education, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Teacher Preparation Issues’’ (RIN1840–AD07) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 14, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2590. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–125, ‘‘Childhood Lead Expo-sure Prevention Amendment Act of 2017’’; to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.015 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4935 September 5, 2017 
the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–2591. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–126, ‘‘Duvall Court Designa-tion Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–2592. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–127, ‘‘Ebenezer Court Designa-tion Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–2593. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–128, ‘‘Inclusionary Zoning Consistency Amendment Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–2594. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–129, ‘‘Brishell Jones Way Des-ignation Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–2595. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–139, ‘‘Glick Court Designation Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–2596. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–140, ‘‘McGill Alley Designa-tion Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–2597. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Annual Report on Advisory Neighbor-hood Commissions’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–2598. A communication from the Acting Assistant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary of the Treasury, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 16, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–2599. A communication from the Acting Assistant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 16, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–2600. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant Administrator, Bureau of Legislative and Public Affairs, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–2601. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant Administrator, Bureau for Legislative and Public Affairs, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–2602. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant Administrator, Bureau for Global Health, U.S. Agency for International Devel-opment (USAID), received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2603. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant Administrator, Bureau for Global Health, U.S. Agency for International Devel-opment (USAID), received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2604. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant Administrator, Bureau for Democracy, Conflicts, and Humanitarian Assistance, U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2605. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant Administrator, Bureau for Democracy, Conflicts, and Humanitarian Assistance, U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2606. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Administrator, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–2607. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Admin-istrator, U.S. Agency for International De-velopment (USAID), received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2608. A communication from the Execu-tive Secretary, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development (USAID), a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Admin-istrator, U.S. Agency for International De-velopment (USAID), received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2609. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2017–0142—2017–0148); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2610. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 2016 annual report on voting practices in the United Nations and the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the report; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. EC–2611. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Indian Affairs, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports entitled ‘‘Indian Dam Safety’’ and ‘‘Irrigation’’; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. EC–2612. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Visas: Documenta-tion of Nonimmigrants Under the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act, as Amended’’ (RIN1400–AD30) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 14, 2017; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. EC–2613. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to the foreign aviation authorities to which the Administration provided services during fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2614. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9393)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2615. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9572)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2616. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9498)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2617. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9567)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2618. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9516)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2619. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9501)) received during adjournment of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.017 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4936 September 5, 2017 
the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2620. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9506)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2621. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2015–3637)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2622. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corpora-tion Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–5443)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2623. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corpora-tion Helicopters (Type Certificate Previously Held by Schweizer Aircraft Corporation)’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–6968)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2624. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Safran Helicopter Engines, S.A., Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0115)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2625. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9389)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2626. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0696)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2627. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bell Helicopter Textron, Inc. (Bell) Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0701)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2628. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; CFM International S.A. Tur-bofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9592)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2629. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; International Aero Engines AG Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0021)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2630. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Piper Aircraft, Inc. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0157)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2631. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (70); Amdt. No. 3753’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2632. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (109); Amdt. No. 3751’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2633. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Orange City, IA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0284)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2634. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Albany, GA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9488)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2635. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Fayetteville, TN’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0070)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2636. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Laurel, MS’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0071)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2637. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Medford, OR’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0195)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2638. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Asburn, GA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2013–0442)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2639. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and E Airspace for the fol-lowing Texas Towns; Sherman, TX; and Tem-ple, TX, and Establishment of Class E Air-space, Temple, TX’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9544)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2640. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and E Airspace; Morgan-town, WV’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9480)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 15, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2641. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief of the Mobility Division, Wireless Telecommunications Bureau, Federal Com-munications Commission, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of Parts 1, 22, 24, 27, 74, 80, 90, 95, and 101 To Establish Uniform License Re-newal, Discontinuance of Operation, and Ge-ographic Partitioning and Spectrum Disaggregation Rules and Policies for Cer-tain Wireless Radio Services’’ ((WT Docket 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.019 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4937 September 5, 2017 
No. 10–112) (FCC 17–105)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 11, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2642. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency declared in Execu-tive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001, with respect to persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–2643. A communication from the Vice Chairman and Executive Director of the Ad-ministrative Conference of the United States, transmitting, a report of two rec-ommendations adopted by the Administra-tive Conference of the United States at its 67th Plenary Session; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–2644. A communication from the Acting Special Counsel, Office of the Special Coun-sel, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Annual Report to Congress for Fis-cal Year 2016’’ and the Uniform Resource Lo-cator (URL) for the report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–2645. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Nurse Corps Loan Repayment and Scholar-ship Programs Report to Congress for Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2646. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Annual Progress Report to Congress on the C.W. Bill Young Cell Trans-plantation Program and the National Cord Blood Inventory Program’’; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2647. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2016 Report on the Preventive Medicine and Public Health Training Grant and Integrative Medicine Programs’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2648. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘National Health Service Corps Report to Congress for the Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2649. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Premarket Approval of Pediatric Uses of Devices—Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2650. A communication from the Execu-tive Director of the National Advisory Com-mittee on Institutional Quality and Integ-rity, Office of Postsecondary Education, De-partment of Education, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the National Advisory Commit-tee’s Annual Report on Institutional Quality and Integrity for Fiscal Year 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2651. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Medical Device Classifica-tion Procedures; Change of Address; Tech-nical Amendment’’ (Docket No. FDA–2013–N– 1529) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 24, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2652. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulations and Policy Management Staff, Food and Drug Administration, De-partment of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Food Additives Permitted in Feed and Drinking Water of Animals; Gamma-Lincolenic Acid Safflower Oil’’ ((RIN0910–ZA48) (Docket No. FDA–2012–F– 0949)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 21, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2653. A communication from the Bu-reau of Political-Military Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0908); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2654. A communication from the Bu-reau of Political-Military Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0907); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2655. A communication from the Bu-reau of Political-Military Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0909); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2656. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the ex-port of defense articles, including technical data, and defense services to the United Kingdom and Germany to support the inte-gration, installation, operation, testing, and use of Inertial Measurement Units in the Paveway Program in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–064); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–2657. A communication from the Direc-tor of Regulation Policy and Management, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Schedule for Rating Disabilities; Dental and Oral Conditions’’ (RIN2900–AP08) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 21, 2017; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. EC–2658. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2017–0927); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2659. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Termi-nated Single-Employer Plans; Interest As-sumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2660. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a va-cancy for the position of Under Secretary for Management, Department of Homeland Se-curity, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–2661. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a va-cancy for the position of Under Secretary for Management, Department of Homeland Se-curity, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–2662. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a va-cancy for the position of General Counsel, Department of Homeland Security, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–2663. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a va-cancy for the position of Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, Department of Homeland Security, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Select Committee on Intelligence. EC–2664. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a va-cancy for the position of Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, Department of Homeland Security, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Select Committee on Intelligence. EC–2665. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Port Huron Float-Down, St. Clair River, Port Huron, MI’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0764)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2666. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; St. Mary’s River, Sault Ste. Marie, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0789)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2667. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Willamette River, Lake Oswego, OR’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0772)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2668. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Pacific Gas and Electric Evo-lution, King Salmon, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.021 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4938 September 5, 2017 
(Docket No. USCG–2017–0699)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2669. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Great Lakes—Regulated Navi-gation Areas and Safety Zones’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0084)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2670. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Demolition of SC–41 Bridge, Wando River, Charleston, SC’’ ((RIN1625– AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0348)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2671. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; South Branch of the Chicago River, Chicago, IL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0702)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2672. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Stampede TLP, Green Canyon 468, Outer Continental Shelf on the Gulf of Mexico’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0110)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2673. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zones; Ice Covered Waterways in the Fifth Coast Guard District’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2015–0051)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2674. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Choptank River, Cam-bridge, MD’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0571)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2675. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Mobile River, Mobile, AL’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0710)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2676. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Islamorada Grand Prix of the Seas, Islamorada, FL’’ ((RIN1625– AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0556)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2677. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Potomac River, Na-tional Harbor, MD’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0654)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2678. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway, New Smyrna Beach, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA09) (Docket No. USCG– 2017–0205)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2679. A communication from the Acting Chairman of the Office of Proceedings, Sur-face Transportation Board, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regula-tions Governing Fees for Services Performed in Connection with Licensing and Related Services—2017 Update’’ (Docket No. EP 542) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2680. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief, Wireless Telecommunications Bu-reau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Connect America Fund; Uni-versal Service Reform-Mobility Fund’’ ((FCC 17–102) (WC Docket No. 10–90 and WT Docket No. 10–208)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 21, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2681. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Wireline Competition Bureau, Fed-eral Communications Commission, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Connect America Fund; ETC Annual Reports and Certifications’’ ((FCC 17–87) (WC Docket No. 10–90 and WC Docket No. 14–58)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 22, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2682. A communication from the Assist-ant Bureau Chief for Management, Inter-national Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Implementa-tion of Section 25.281(b) Transmitter Identi-fication Requirements for Video Uplink Transmissions’’ ((FCC 17–100) (IB Docket No. 12–267)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2683. A communication from the Acting Chief of the Policy and Rules Division, Office of Engineering and Technology, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of Parts 1, 2, 15, 90, and 95 of the Commission’s Rules to Permit Radar Services in the 76–81 GHz Band’’ ((FCC 17–94) (ET Docket No. 15–26)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 21, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2684. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Assistant Sec-retary/Administrator, Transportation Secu-rity Administration, Department of Home-land Security, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–2685. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Assistant Sec-retary/Administrator, Transportation Secu-rity Administration, Department of Home-land Security, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on August 23, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES DURING ADJOURNMENT Under the authority of the order of the Senate of August 3, 2017, the fol-lowing reports of committees were sub-mitted on August 18, 2017: 
By Mr BURR, from the Select Committee on Intelligence, without amendment: S. 1761. An original bill to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. HOEVEN, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, without amendment: S. 772. A bill to amend the PROTECT Act to make Indian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert grants (Rept. No. 115–147). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following executive reports of nominations were submitted on August 3, 2017: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI for the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. *Brenda Burman, of Arizona, to be Com-missioner of Reclamation. *Douglas W. Domenech, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior. *Susan Combs, of Texas, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior. *Paul Dabbar, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Science, Department of En-ergy. *Mark Wesley Menezes, of Virginia, to be Under Secretary of Energy. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. (Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.023 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4939 September 5, 2017 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS DURING AD-JOURNMENT On August 18, 2017, under the author-ity of the order of the Senate of August 3, 2017, the following bills and joint res-olutions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BURR: S. 1761. An original bill to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for intelligence and intelligence-related activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, and for other purposes; from the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence; placed on the calendar. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. TESTER: S. 1762. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to clar-ify when certain academic assessments shall be administered; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: S. 1763. A bill for the relief of Maria Guada-lupe Mendoza Sanchez, Eusebio Sanchez Mejia, and Vianney Esbeydi Sanchez Men-doza; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BOOKER (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. L EE, Mr. F
RANKEN , and Ms. M URKOWSKI ): S. 1764. A bill to extend the principle of federalism to State drug policy, provide ac-cess to medical marijuana, and enable re-search into the medicinal properties of mari-juana; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 109 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 109, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services. 
S. 170 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 170, a bill to provide for non-preemption of measures by State and local governments to divest from enti-ties that engage in commerce-related or investment-related boycott, divest-ment, or sanctions activities targeting Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 206 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 206, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to allow the Sec-retary of Education to award job train-ing Federal Pell Grants. 
S. 337 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. KING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 337, a bill to provide paid family and medical leave benefits to certain indi-viduals, and for other purposes. 
S. 379 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 379, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to elimi-nate the five month waiting period for disability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 397 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 397, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure fair-ness in Medicare hospital payments by establishing a floor for the area wage index applied with respect to certain hospitals. 
S. 425 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 425, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to im-prove the historic rehabilitation tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 430 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 430, a bill to provide for compliance en-forcement regarding Russian violations of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 431 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 431, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ex-pand the use of telehealth for individ-uals with stroke. 
S. 526 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 526, a bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for expanded participation in the microloan pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 537 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 537, a bill to amend title 9 of the United States Code with respect to arbitration. 
S. 611 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 611, a bill to amend the McKinney-Vento Homeless Assistance Act to meet the needs of homeless chil-dren, youth, and families, and honor the assessments and priorities of local communities. 
S. 693 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. KLOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 693, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in palliative care at accredited allopathic and osteopathic medical schools, nurs-ing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician assistant education programs, to pro-mote education and research in pallia-tive care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in academic palliative medicine. 
S. 705 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 705, a bill to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain in-dividuals who, related to their employ-ment, have access to children, the el-derly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes. 
S. 732 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
AN HOLLEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 732, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a refundable tax credit against income tax for the purchase of qualified access technology for the blind. 
S. 808 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 808, a bill to provide protections for certain sports medicine profes-sionals who provide certain medical services in a secondary State. 
S. 811 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name of the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. S
COTT) was added as a cosponsor of S. 811, a bill to ensure that organiza-tions with religious or moral convic-tions are allowed to continue to pro-vide services for children. 
S. 816 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 816, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow rollovers from 529 programs to ABLE accounts. 
S. 817 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 817, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to in-crease the age requirement with re-spect to eligibility for qualified ABLE programs. 
S. 818 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 818, a bill to amend the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:22 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.029 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4940 September 5, 2017 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow individuals with disabilities to save ad-ditional amounts in their ABLE ac-counts above the current annual max-imum contribution if they work and earn income. 
S. 856 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 856, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Se-curity Policy and Campus Crime Sta-tistics Act to combat campus sexual assault, and for other purposes. 
S. 873 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 873, a bill to amend section 8433 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for flexibility in mak-ing withdrawals from the Thrift Sav-ings Fund. 
S. 910 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Min-nesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 910, a bill to prohibit dis-crimination against individuals with disabilities who need long-term serv-ices and supports, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1034 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1034, a bill to improve agricultural job opportunities, benefits, and secu-rity for aliens in the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedi-cated service during World War II. 
S. 1158 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1158, a bill to help prevent acts of genocide and other atrocity crimes, which threaten national and international security, by enhancing United States Government capacities to prevent, mitigate, and respond to such crises. 
S. 1256 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1256, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal to the 23d Headquarters, Special Troops and the 3133d Signal Service Company in recognition of their unique and distinguished service as a ‘‘Ghost Army’’ that conducted de-ception operations in Europe during World War II. S. 1292 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1292, a bill to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to monitor and combat anti-Semi-tism globally, and for other purposes. 
S. 1437 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1437, a bill to modernize voter registration, promote access to voting for individuals with disabilities, protect the ability of individuals to ex-ercise the right to vote in elections for Federal office, and for other purposes. 
S. 1538 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1538, a bill to amend the Small Business Act to establish aware-ness of, and technical assistance for, the creation of employee stock owner-ship plans, and for other purposes. 
S. 1568 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ), the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Sen-ator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EIN-
STEIN ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1568, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemora-tion of President John F. Kennedy. 
S. 1580 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1580, a bill to enhance the transparency, improve the coordination, and intensify the impact of assistance to support access to pri-mary and secondary education for dis-placed children and persons, including women and girls, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1613 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) and the Sen-ator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1613, a bill to amend the Pittman-Robertson Wildlife Restoration Act to modernize the funding of wildlife conservation, and for other purposes. 
S. 1615 
At the request of Mr. G RAHAM , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1615, a bill to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjust-ment of status of certain individuals who are long-term United States resi-dents and who entered the United States as children, and for other pur-poses. S. 1636 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1636, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the rules relating to inverted corporations. 
S. 1659 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1659, a bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to establish a na-tional usury rate for consumer credit transactions. 
S. 1676 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1676, a bill to amend the Rural Elec-trification Act of 1936 to provide grants for access to broadband telecommuni-cations services in rural areas, and for other purposes. 
S. 1718 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1718, a bill to authorize the mint-ing of a coin in honor of the 75th anni-versary of the end of World War II, and for other purposes. 
S. 1742 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1742, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to provide for an option for any citizen or permanent resident of the United States age 55 to 64 to buy into Medicare. 
S. 1752 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1752, a bill to amend the Healthy For-ests Restoration Act of 2003 to expedite wildfire prevention projects to reduce the risk of wildfire on certain high-risk Federal land, and for other purposes. 
S.J. RES. 47 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Kentucky (Mr. P
AUL) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 47, a joint resolution pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion relating to ‘‘Arbitration Agree-ments’’. 
S. RES. 154 
At the request of Mr. J OHNSON , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 154, a resolution pro-moting awareness of motorcycle profiling and encouraging collabora-tion and communication with the mo-torcycle community and law enforce-ment officials to prevent instances of profiling. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.034 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4941 September 5, 2017 
AMENDMENT NO . 522 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 522 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 523 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 523 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 592 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) and the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 592 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 594 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 594 intended to be proposed to H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 687 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 687 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2810, to authorize appro-priations for fiscal year 2018 for mili-tary activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mrs. FEINSTEIN: S. 1763 A bill for the relief of Maria Guadalupe Mendoza Sanchez, Eusebio Sanchez Mejia, and Vianney Esbeydi Sanchez Mendoza; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I offer private immigration relief legislation to provide an immigrant visa or lawful permanent resident sta-tus to Maria Mendoza Sanchez, Eusebio Sanchez, and Vianney Sanchez. The family represents the essence of the American dream. I believe they merit Congress’ special consideration for this relief. In August 2014, my office assisted Maria and Eusebio with Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) during their request for a stay of removal. Under the previous administration, ICE found that their case was worthy of a favorable exercise of discretion. This was an acknowledgement that they posed no public safety risk, had no criminal records, and therefore should not be priorities for deportation. Despite this, in 2017, the Trump ad-ministration, told Maria and Eusebio that they were no longer eligible for a stay of removal and that they should prepare for deportation Mario and Eusebio pled with ICE to reconsider this sudden change in policy and I sup-ported their request—believing it would be senseless and callous to re-move them from our Country. How-ever, all possible avenues to delay their deportation were denied by immigra-tion. officials. In August 2017, after living produc-tive lives in this Country for 23 years, Maria and Eusebio were deported back to Mexico. Their deportation was truly heartbreaking for me, their family, and their community. I personally met Maria and Eusebio and can attest that they are the kind of people we should welcome into the United States with open arms. They are hardworking, law- abiding people who have been self-sup-porting, have paid their taxes, and owned a home in East Oakland. Prior to her deportation, Maria worked as a registered nurse in a local hospital in Oakland, CA. She provided care to patients afflicted with condi-tions such as trauma, stroke, and can-cer. Her supervisor said that her ‘‘gen-uine compassion, appreciation for her work, and deep knowledge of nursing practices made her an excellent addi-tion to [our hospital].’’ Another letter of support said that Maria ‘‘is a great asset to our hospital, community, and country. She is the epitome of what Americans should be.’’ Maria’s bilin-gual skills made her a strategic asset in assisting patients at work, which serves uninsured, underserved, and low- income populations. Her deportation is a great loss to many of the patients that relied on her critical assistance as they went through medical treatment. Similar to Maria, Eusebio was a hardworking contributor to their com-munity. He was a truck driver for a San Francisco-based company, and his employer has described him as ‘‘very reliable, trustworthy, [a] team player, and exceptional worker.’’ His friends describe him as someone who ‘‘is a good person, responsible at work, will-ing to help when we need assistance.’’ Together, Eusebio and Maria have raised four children—three of whom are U.S. citizens. Their oldest daughter, Vianney, age 23, has protection under the Deferred Action for Childhood Ar-rivals, DACA, program. She graduated from the University of California at Santa Cruz with a degree in Psy-chology. She has aspirations of using her education to work in public service and help her community. She is pas-sionate about doing work that allows her to focus on improving the lives of residents of Oakland and the Bay Area. As a result of Maria and Eusebio’s de-portation, Vianney will be assuming responsibility of her two younger sis-ters. I believe that Vianney’s deter-mination to make sure her sisters are properly cared for, after dealing with the crushing experience of being sepa-rated from her parents, is a testament to her remarkable strength and resil-ience, and a sign of the kind of values instilled in her by her now deported parents. The Sanchez’s second daughter, Melin, age 21, is a U.S. citizen. She is currently enrolled at the University of California at Santa Cruz, where she is studying molecular cell and develop-mental biology. She has aspirations of becoming a pediatrician. Maria and Eusebio paid her college tuition and supported her as she studied for the MCAT and volunteered at a hospital. Their deportation leaves Melin’s col-lege tuition in peril. The Sanchez’s third daughter, Eliza-beth, age 16, is a U.S. citizen and is currently enrolled at the NEA Commu-nity Learning Center in Alameda. Eliz-abeth was diagnosed with a speech delay and learning disabilities at a young age, but with the support of her parents, was able to make great progress and is doing well in school. She needs the support of her parents and continuing to separate her from them will significantly affect her abil-ity to pursue her dreams. The Sanchez’s son, Jesus, age 12, is a U.S. citizen. He was born with a con-genital heart disease, which requires continued medical attention. Jesus has accompanied his parents on their re-turn to Mexico. Maria and Eusebio’s deportation will have an extraordinary impact on Jesus. He can no longer con-tinue his education in the U.S., the only Country he has ever known. Addi-tionally, Jesus obtained health insur-ance coverage for his medical condition through his parents. As a result of their deportation, he will lose access to medical care in the U.S. Maria, Eusebio, and Vianney have be-come respected members of their com-munity in California. This is exempli-fied in the overwhelming support they received to shield them from deporta-tion. Separating this family is not what our country stands for. Maria and Eusebio want nothing more than to continue to provide for their children and continue contributing to this great country they called home. Their depor-tation has greatly affected their ability to do so. I believe that Maria and Eusebio’s de-portation has been a tremendous loss 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.036 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4942 September 5, 2017 
for their children and community. In addition, I believe Vianney needs fur-ther protection. This family warrants our compassion, and I will keep fight-ing for them. I ask my colleagues to support this private bill. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 774. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropria-tions for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 775. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 776. Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 777. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 778. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 779. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 780. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 781. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 782. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 783. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 784. Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 785. Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 786. Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 787. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. G RASS -
LEY) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1107, to amend title 28, United States Code, to authorize the appointment of additional bankruptcy judges, and for other purposes. SA 788. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. f TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 774. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. REPORT ON THE GLOBAL FOOD SYSTEM AND VULNERABILITIES RELEVANT TO DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE MISSIONS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in con-sultation with the heads of such components of the Department of Defense as the Sec-retary considers appropriate, submit to the congressional defense committees an assess-ment of Department of Defense policies and operational plans for addressing the national security implications of global food system vulnerabilities. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (1) An evaluation of vulnerabilities in the global food system that may affect the na-tional security of the United States and the Department of Defense roles, missions, and capabilities in addressing such vulnerabilities, including information tech-nology, data management, and surveillance capabilities for detection and assessment of food system shocks with the potential to re-sult in the deployment of the Armed Forces or directly affect bilateral security interests with allies or partners. (2) A characterization of how Department of Defense strategy, policies, and plans, in-cluding the Unified Command Plan, defense planning scenarios, operational plans, the-ater cooperation plans, and other relevant planning documents and procedures, account for food system vulnerabilities as precursors to and components of protracted major state conflicts, civil wars, insurgencies, or ter-rorism. (3) An evaluation of United States inter-ests, including the interests of allies and strategic partners, and potential United States military operations, including thresh-olds for ordering such operations, in regions where food system instability represents an urgent and growing threat, including due to the presence of destabilizing non-state actors who may weaponize access to food. (4) An identification of opportunities to initiate or further develop cooperative mili-tary to military relationships to build part-ner capacity to avoid, minimize, or control global and regional food system shocks. 
SA 775. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the following: 
SEC. ll. FULL AND OPEN COMPETITION FOR PROCUREMENT OF GROUND MOBIL-ITY VEHICLE OF THE ARMY. 
The Secretary of the Army shall initiate a full and open competition during fiscal year 2018 for the procurement of a commercially available off-the-shelf Ground Mobility Vehi-cle that meets Army Airborne Infantry Bri-gade Combat Team requirements. 
SA 776. Mr. VAN HOLLEN (for him-self and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XV, add the following: 
SEC. lll. REPORT ON BUDGET REQUESTS FOR FUNDING FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FOR OVERSEAS CONTIN-GENCY OPERATIONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) In a January 18, 2017 report issued by the U.S. Government Accountability Office (GAO) on the Department of Defense’s Over-seas Contingency Operations, the GAO found that the criteria developed in 2010 by the Of-fice of Management and Budget (OMB) in collaboration with the Department of De-fense (DoD) for determining whether items belonged in the base budget or in OCO were outdated. (2) The GAO also found that these outdated criteria did not address the full scope of ac-tivities included in DoD’s fiscal year 2017 OCO budget request. (3) According to the GAO, DoD officials agree that updated guidance is not needed but noted that OMB deferred the decision to update criteria until the new administration was in place in 2017 (4) The GAO also found that, without re-evaluating and revising the criteria, decision makers may be hindered in their ability to set priorities and make funding trade-offs. (5) In response to these findings, the GAO recommends that DOD, in collaboration with OMB, reevaluate and revise the criteria for determining what can be included in DOD’s OCO budget requests; and that DOD develop a complete and reliable estimate of enduring OCO costs to report in future budget re-quests. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall, with the concurrence of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report set-ting forth the following: (1) The criteria used by the Department of Defense to determine whether funds re-quested for the Department for a fiscal year for purposes of the budget of the President for the fiscal year (as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code) are to be requested as funds for the Department for programs, activities, and operations for the fiscal year for overseas contingency operations. (2) A current estimate of the recurring an-nual costs of the Department for programs, activities, and operations for overseas con-tingency operations. 
SA 777. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.031 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4943 September 5, 2017 
to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of section 3101, add the fol-lowing: (c) M
ODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY  O
UTALBUQUERQUE COMPLEX UPGRADES CON-
STRUCTION PROJECT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator for Nu-clear Security may enter into an incremen-tally funded contract for Project 16–D–515, the Albuquerque Complex upgrades construc-tion project, Albuquerque, New Mexico. (2) L
IMITATION .—The total cost for the Al-buquerque Complex upgrades construction project may not exceed $174,700,000. (3) F
UNDING OF INCREMENTS .— (A) I
NCREMENT 1 .—The amount authorized to be appropriated by section 3101 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2754) for fiscal year 2017 and available for Project 16–D–515 as specified in the funding table in section 4701 of that Act (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2890) shall be deemed to be an amount authorized to be appropriated for in-crement 1 of the Albuquerque Complex up-grades construction project. (B) I
NCREMENT 2 .—The amount authorized to be appropriated by this section for fiscal year 2018 and available for Project 16–D–515 as specified in the funding table in section 4701 of this Act shall be available for incre-ment 2 of the Albuquerque Complex upgrades construction project. 
SA 778. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle B of title XXXI, add the following: 
SEC. 3116. PLUTONIUM CAPABILITIES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the congressional defense commit-tees and the Secretary of Defense a report on the recommended alternative endorsed by the Administrator for recapitalization of plutonium science and production capabili-ties of the nuclear security enterprise. The report shall identify the recommended alter-native endorsed by the Administrator and contain the analysis of alternatives, includ-ing costs, upon which the Administrator re-lied in making such endorsement. (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary of De-fense receives the report required by sub-section (a), the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees the written certification of the Chairman regarding whether— (1) the recommended alternative described in subsection (a)— (A) is acceptable to the Secretary of De-fense and the Nuclear Weapons Council and meets the requirements of the Secretary for plutonium pit production capacity and capa-bility; (B) is likely to meet the pit production timelines and milestones required by section 4219 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538a); (C) is likely to meet pit production timelines and requirements responsive to military requirements; (D) is cost effective and has reasonable near-term and lifecycle costs that are mini-mized, to the extent practicable, as com-pared to other alternatives; (E) contains minimized and manageable risks as compared to other alternatives; and (F) can be acceptably reconciled with any differences in the conclusions made by the Office of Cost Assessment and Program Eval-uation of the Department of Defense in the business case analysis of plutonium pit pro-duction capability issued in 2013; and (2) the Administrator has— (A) documented the assumptions and con-straints used in the analysis of alternatives described in subsection (a); and (B) tested and documented the sensitivity of the cost estimates for each alternative to risks and changes in key assumptions. (c) ASSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of Cost Estimating and Pro-gram Evaluation of the National Nuclear Se-curity Administration shall, in consultation with the Director of the Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation of the Department of Defense, provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing containing the assess-ment of the Directors of the analysis of al-ternatives described in subsection (a). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing required by paragraph (1) shall include— (A) descriptions of the scope, risks, and costs for alternatives not considered in the analysis of alternatives that the Directors deem viable; and (B) any views of the Administrator regard-ing such alternatives. (d) R
EVIEW BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL .— Not later than 60 days after receiving the re-port required by subsection (a) and the brief-ing required by subsection (c), the Comp-troller General of the United States shall brief the congressional defense committees on— (1) the alternatives considered by the Ad-ministrator in the analysis of alternatives described in subsection (a) and the alter-natives described in subsection (c)(2)(A); (2) the accuracy of such alternatives; and (3) any other issues the Comptroller Gen-eral considers relevant. 
SA 779. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTING WITH CERTAIN TELECOMMUNI-CATIONS PROVIDERS. 
(a) L IST OF COVERED CONTRACTORS .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall develop a list of covered contractors, to be updated as frequently as the Director determines appropriate, and shall make such list available to the Sec-retary of Defense. (b) PROHIBITION ON CONTRACTS .—The Sec- retary of Defense may not enter into a con-tract with a covered contractor on the list described under subsection (a). (c) R
EMOVAL FROM LIST.—To be removed from the list described in subsection (a), a covered contractor may submit a request to the Director in such manner as the Director determines appropriate. Upon certification of the request, the Director shall remove the covered contractor from the list. (d) W
AIVER .—The President may waive the requirements of subsection (b) if the Presi-dent determines that the waiver is justified for national security reasons. (e) C
OVERED CONTRACTOR DEFINED .—The term ‘‘covered contractor’’ means a provider of telecommunications or telecommuni-cations equipment that has been found by the Director to have knowingly assisted or facilitated a cyber attack carried out by or on behalf of the government of the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea or persons associated with such government. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply with respect to contracts of a covered contractor entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 780. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. INCREASED TERM LIMIT FOR INTER-GOVERNMENTAL SUPPORT AGREE-MENTS TO PROVIDE INSTALLATION SUPPORT SERVICES. 
Section 2679(a)(2)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘five years’’ and inserting ‘‘ten years.’’ 
SA 781. Mr. TILLIS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title V, add the following: 
SEC. lll. ELIMINATION OF STATUTORY DEAD-LINE FOR SUBMITTAL BY OFFICERS OF WRITTEN COMMUNICATIONS TO PROMOTION SELECTION BOARDS ON MATTERS OF IMPORTANCE TO THEIR SELECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 614(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘, to arrive not later than the day before the date the board convenes,’’; and (2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘timely’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to promotion selec-tion boards convened on or after that date. 
SA 782. Mrs. FEINSTEIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2810, to author-ize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.032 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4944 September 5, 2017 
for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construc-tion, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS FOR MARIA GUADALUPE MENDOZA SAN-CHEZ, EUSEBIO SANCHEZ MEJIA, AND VIANNEY ESBEYDI SANCHEZ MENDOZA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 201 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151), Maria Guadalupe Mendoza Sanchez, Eusebio Sanchez Mejia, and Vianney Esbeydi Sanchez Mendoza shall each be eligible for the issuance of an immigrant visa or for ad-justment of status to that of an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence upon filing an application for issuance of an immi-grant visa under section 204 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1154) or for adjustment of status to lawful permanent resident. (b) A
DJUSTMENT OF STATUS .—If Maria Gua-dalupe Mendoza Sanchez, Eusebio Sanchez Mejia, or Vianney Esbeydi Sanchez Mendoza enters the United States before the filing deadline specified in subsection (c), Maria Guadalupe Mendoza Sanchez, Eusebio San-chez Mejia, or Vianney Esbeydi Sanchez Mendoza, as appropriate, shall be considered to have entered and remained lawfully in the United States and shall be eligible for ad-justment of status under section 245 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255) as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) D
EADLINE FOR APPLICATION AND PAY-
MENT OF FEES.—Subsections (a) and (b) shall apply only if the application for the issuance of an immigrant visa or the application for adjustment of status is filed with appro-priate fees not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) R
EDUCTION OF IMMIGRANT VISANUM-
BERS .—Upon granting immigrant visas or permanent residence to Maria Guadalupe Mendoza Sanchez, Eusebio Sanchez Mejia, and Vianney Esbeydi Sanchez Mendoza, the Secretary of State shall instruct the proper officer to reduce by 3, during the current or next following fiscal year— (1) the total number of immigrant visas that are made available to natives of the country of birth of Maria Guadalupe Men-doza Sanchez, Eusebio Sanchez Mejia, and Vianney Esbeydi Sanchez Mendoza under section 203(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)); or (2) if applicable, the total number of immi-grant visas that are made available to na-tives of the country of birth of Maria Guada-lupe Mendoza Sanchez, Eusebio Sanchez Mejia, and Vianney Esbeydi Sanchez Men-doza under section 202(e) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1152(e)). (e) PAYGO.—The budgetary effects of this Act, for the purpose of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be determined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Committee on the Budg-et of the Senate, provided that such state-ment has been submitted prior to the vote on passage. 
SA 783. Mr. SCHATZ submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PARTICIPATION OF VETERANS SERV-ICE ORGANIZATIONS IN TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense, in collaboration with the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, should estab-lish a process by which a representative of a veterans service organization may be present at any portion of the program carried out under section 1144 of title 10, United States Code, relating to the submittal of claims to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for com-pensation under chapter 11 or 13 of title 38, United States Code. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 540 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on participation of vet-erans service organizations in the program carried out under section 1144 of title 10, United States Code. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An assessment of the compliance of fa-cilities of the Department of Defense with the directives included in the memorandum of the Secretary of Defense entitled ‘‘Instal-lation Access and Support Services for Non-profit Non-Federal Entities’’ and dated De-cember 23, 2014. (B) The number of military bases that have complied with such directives. (C) How many veterans service organiza-tions have been present at a portion of a pro-gram as described in paragraph (1). (3) V
ETERANS SERVICE ORGANIZATION DE -
FINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘vet-erans service organization’’ means any orga-nization recognized by the Secretary for the representation of veterans under section 5902 of title 38. 
SA 784. Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part I of subtitle C of title V, add the following: 
SEC. ll. FUNDS FOR THE PAYMENT OF CON-TINUATION PAY TO MEMBERS OF THE COAST GUARD. 
There is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the Retired Pay account under the heading ‘‘Department of Homeland Security-United States Coast Guard’’, such sums as may be necessary for each fiscal year for purposes of paying continuation pay under section 356 of title 37, United States Code, to members of the Coast Guard during such fiscal year. 
SA 785. Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of part I of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. ll. FUNDS FOR THE PAYMENT OF CON-TINUATION PAY TO MEMBERS OF THE COAST GUARD DURING FISCAL YEARS 2018 AND 2019. 
There is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the Retired Pay account under the heading ‘‘Department of Homeland Security-United States Coast Guard’’ for each fiscal year as follows, for purposes of paying continuation pay under section 356 of title 37, United States Code, to members of the Coast Guard during such fiscal year, amounts as follows: (1) For fiscal year 2018, $3,286,277. (2) For fiscal year 2019, $9,272,945. 
SA 786. Mr. WICKER (for himself, Mr. T
HUNE , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. S ULLIVAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for mili-tary construction, and for defense ac-tivities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part I of subtitle C of title VI, add the following: 
SEC. ll. AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR THE PAY-MENT OF CONTINUATION PAY TO MEMBERS OF THE COAST GUARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 423 the following new section: ‘‘§ 423a. Appropriations for retirement pay: available for payment of continuation pay ‘‘Appropriations available for retirement pay for members of the Coast Guard shall, in addition to the enumerated purpose of such appropriation, also be available for payment of continuation pay under section 356 of title 37.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 11 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 423 the following new item: ‘‘423a. Appropriations for retirement pay: available for payment of con-tinuation pay.’’. 
SA 787. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. G
RASSLEY ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 1107, to amend title 28, United States Code, to authorize the appointment of additional bankruptcy judges, and for other purposes; as fol-lows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bankruptcy Judgeship Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY OFFICE OF BANKRUPTCY JUDGES IN CERTAIN JUDICIAL DISTRICTS. 
(a) T EMPORARY OFFICE OF BANKRUPTCY  J
UDGES AUTHORIZED BY THE BANKRUPTCY  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.037 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4945 September 5, 2017 
JUDGESHIP ACT OF 2005.—Section 2(a)(2) of the Temporary Bankruptcy Judgeships Ex-tension Act of 2012 (28 U.S.C. 152 note; Public Law 112–121) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and (H)’’ and inserting ‘‘(H), (I), and (J)’’; (2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘6’’ and insert-ing ‘‘11’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘5’’ and in-serting ‘‘10’’; (3) in subparagraph (D)(i), by striking ‘‘6’’ and inserting ‘‘11’’; (4) by striking subparagraph (E) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(E) D
ISTRICT OF MARYLAND .—The 1st, 2d, and 3d vacancies in the office of a bank-ruptcy judge for the district of Maryland— ‘‘(i) in the case of the 1st and 2d vacancies, occurring more than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, ‘‘(ii) in the case of the 3d vacancy, occur-ring more than 10 years after the date of en-actment of this Act, and ‘‘(iii) resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled..’’; (5) in subparagraph (F)(i), by striking ‘‘6’’ and inserting ‘‘11’’; (6) in subparagraph (G)(i), by striking ‘‘6’’ and inserting ‘‘11’’; (7) in subparagraph (H)(i), by striking ‘‘6’’ and inserting ‘‘11’’; and (8) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) D
ISTRICT OF NEVADA .—The 1st vacancy in the office of a bankruptcy judge for the district of Nevada— ‘‘(i) occurring more than 10 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and ‘‘(ii) resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled. ‘‘(J) E
ASTERN DISTRICT OF NORTH CARO -
LINA.—The 1st vacancy in the office of a bankruptcy judge for the eastern district of North Carolina— ‘‘(i) occurring more than 10 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and ‘‘(ii) resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled.’’. (b) T
EMPORARY OFFICE OF BANKRUPTCY  J
UDGES AUTHORIZED BY THE BANKRUPTCY  J
UDGESHIP ACT OF 1992.—Section 2(b)(2) of the Temporary Bankruptcy Judgeships Ex-tension Act of 2012 (28 U.S.C. 152 note; Public Law 112–121) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘5’’ and inserting ‘‘10’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘5’’ and inserting ‘‘10’’. 
SEC. 3. TEMPORARY OFFICE OF BANKRUPTCY JUDGE AUTHORIZED. 
(a) A PPOINTMENTS .—The following bank-ruptcy judges shall be appointed in the man-ner prescribed in section 152(a)(1) of title 28, United States Code, for the appointment of bankruptcy judges provided for in section 152(a)(2) of that title: (1) Two additional bankruptcy judges for the district of Delaware. (2) One additional bankruptcy judge of the middle district of Florida. (3) One additional bankruptcy judge for the eastern district of Michigan. (b) V
ACANCIES .— (1) D
ISTRICT OF DELAWARE .—The 6th and 7th vacancies in the office of a bankruptcy judge for the district of Delaware— (A) occurring more than 10 years after the date of enactment of the Temporary Bank-ruptcy Judgeships Extension Act of 2012 (28 U.S.C. 152 note; Public Law 112–121); and (B) resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled. (2) MIDDLE DISTRICT OF FLORIDA .—The 1st vacancy in the office of a bankruptcy judge for the middle district of Florida— (A) occurring more than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act; and (B) resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled. (3) E
ASTERN DISTRICT OF MICHIGAN .—The 2d vacancy in the office of a bankruptcy judge for the eastern district of Michigan— (A) occurring more than 11 years after the date of enactment of the Temporary Bank-ruptcy Judgeships Extension Act of 2012 (28 U.S.C. 152 note; Public Law 112–121); and (B) resulting from the death, retirement, resignation, or removal of a bankruptcy judge, shall not be filled. 
SEC. 4. BANKRUPTCY FEES. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO TITLE 28 OF THE UNITED  S
TATES CODE.—Section 1930(a)(6) of title 28, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(6) In’’ and inserting ‘‘(6)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), in’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) During each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, if the balance in the United States Trustee System Fund as of September 30 of the most recent full fiscal year is less than $200,000,000, the quarterly fee payable for a quarter in which disbursements equal or exceed $1,000,000 shall be the lesser of 1 percent of such disbursements or $250,000.’’. (b) D
EPOSITS OF CERTAIN FEES FOR FISCAL  Y
EARS 2018 T HROUGH 2022.—Notwithstanding section 589a(b) of title 28, United States Code, for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022— (1) 98 percent of the fees collected under section 1930(a)(6) of such title shall be depos-ited as offsetting collections to the appro-priation ‘‘United States Trustee System Fund’’, to remain available until expended; and (2) 2 percent of the fees collected under sec-tion 1930(a)(6) of such title shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury. (c) A
PPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to quarterly fees payable under section 1930(a)(6) of title 28, United States Code, as amended by this section, for disbursements made in any calendar quarter that begins on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5. CLARIFICATION OF RULE ALLOWING DIS-CHARGE TO GOVERNMENTAL CLAIMS ARISING FROM THE DIS-POSITION OF FARM ASSETS UNDER CHAPTER 12 BANKRUPTCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 1232. Claim by a governmental unit based on the disposition of property used in a farming operation ‘‘(a) Any unsecured claim of a govern-mental unit against the debtor or the estate that arises before the filing of the petition, or that arises after the filing of the petition and before the debtor’s discharge under sec-tion 1228, as a result of the sale, transfer, ex-change, or other disposition of any property used in the debtor’s farming operation— ‘‘(1) shall be treated as an unsecured claim arising before the date on which the petition is filed; ‘‘(2) shall not be entitled to priority under section 507; ‘‘(3) shall be provided for under a plan; and ‘‘(4) shall be discharged in accordance with section 1228. ‘‘(b) For purposes of applying sections 1225(a)(4), 1228(b)(2), and 1229(b)(1) to a claim described in subsection (a) of this section, the amount that would be paid on such claim if the estate of the debtor were liquidated in a case under chapter 7 of this title shall be the amount that would be paid by the estate in a chapter 7 case if the claim were an unse-cured claim arising before the date on which the petition was filed and were not entitled to priority under section 507. ‘‘(c) For purposes of applying sections 523(a), 1228(a)(2), and 1228(c)(2) to a claim de-scribed in subsection (a) of this section, the claim shall not be treated as a claim of a kind specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 523(a)(1). ‘‘(d)(1) A governmental unit may file a proof of claim for a claim described in sub-section (a) that arises after the date on which the petition is filed. ‘‘(2) If a debtor files a tax return after the filing of the petition for a period in which a claim described in subsection (a) arises, and the claim relates to the tax return, the debt-or shall serve notice of the claim on the gov-ernmental unit charged with the responsi-bility for the collection of the tax at the ad-dress and in the manner designated in sec-tion 505(b)(1). Notice under this paragraph shall state that the debtor has filed a peti-tion under this chapter, state the name and location of the court in which the case under this chapter is pending, state the amount of the claim, and include a copy of the filed tax return and documentation supporting the calculation of the claim. ‘‘(3) If notice of a claim has been served on the governmental unit in accordance with paragraph (2), the governmental unit may file a proof of claim not later than 180 days after the date on which such notice was served. If the governmental unit has not filed a timely proof of the claim, the debtor or trustee may file proof of the claim that is consistent with the notice served under para-graph (2). If a proof of claim is filed by the debtor or trustee under this paragraph, the governmental unit may not amend the proof of claim. ‘‘(4) A claim filed under this subsection shall be determined and shall be allowed under subsection (a), (b), or (c) of section 502, or disallowed under subsection (d) or (e) of section 502, in the same manner as if the claim had arisen immediately before the date of the filing of the petition.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 11, United States Code, is amend-ed— (A) in section 1222(a)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘unless—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the holder’’ and inserting ‘‘unless the holder’’; (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) subject to section 1232, provide for the treatment of any claim by a governmental unit of a kind described in section 1232(a).’’; (B) in section 1228— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (aa) by inserting a comma after ‘‘all debts provided for by the plan’’; and (bb) by inserting a comma after ‘‘allowed under section 503 of this title’’; and (II) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the kind’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘a kind specified in section 523(a) of this title, except as provided in section 1232(c).’’; and (ii) in subsection (c)(2), by inserting ‘‘, ex-cept as provided in section 1232(c)’’ before the period at the end; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.038 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4946 September 5, 2017 
(C) in section 1229(a)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) provide for the payment of a claim de-scribed in section 1232(a) that arose after the date on which the petition was filed.’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sec-tions for subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘1232. Claim by a governmental unit based on the disposition of property used in a farming operation.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to— (1) any bankruptcy case— (A) that is pending on the date of enact-ment of this Act; (B) in which the plan under chapter 12 of title 11, United States Code, has not been confirmed on the date of enactment of this Act; and (C) relating to which an order of discharge under section 1228 of title 11, United States Code, has not been entered; and (2) any bankruptcy case that commences on or after the date of enactment of this Act. SA 788. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the De-partment of Energy, to prescribe mili-tary personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of section 1045, add the fol-lowing: (b) P
OSTPONEMENT OF DEADLINE FOR COM-
PLETION OF CONVERSION .—Notwithstanding the deadline otherwise specified in paragraph (1) of section 1053(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, as amended by this section, for the completion of the conversion of military technician po-sitions as described in that subsection, the deadline for the completion of such conver-sion shall be 180 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to Congress the report required by section 1067. 
h 
FOREIGN TRAVEL FINANCIAL REPORTS In accordance with the appropriate provisions of law, the Secretary of the Senate herewith submits the following re-ports for standing committees of the Senate, certain joint committees of the Congress, delegations and groups, and select and special committees of the Senate, relating to expenses incurred in the performance of authorized foreign travel: CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Steve Daines: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,311.43 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,311.43 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 480.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 480.00 Senator John Kennedy:: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,311.43 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,311.43 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 480.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 480.00 Wallace Hsueh: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 1,311.43 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,311.43 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 480.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 480.00 Senator Thad Cochran: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 710.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 710.00 Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 1,438.93 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,438.93 Kay Webber Cochran: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 709.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 709.00 Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 237.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 237.00 Linda Good: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,082.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,082.00 Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 1,199.84 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,199.84 Ty Mabry: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,082.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,082.00 Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 1,199.84 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,199.84 Senator Richard Shelby: England ..................................................................................................... Pound .............. ..................................... .................... 3,464.56 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 3,464.56 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,868.86 .................... . ................... .................... 12,868.86 Jeremy Weirich: England ..................................................................................................... Pound .............. ..................................... .................... 3,464.56 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 3,464.56 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,099.16 .................... . ................... .................... 10,099.16 Paul Grove: Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... 246.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 246.00 Cambodia ................................................................................................. Riel .................. ..................................... .................... 557.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 557.00 Sri Lanka .................................................................................................. Rupee ............... .................................... .................... 517.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 517.00 Nepal ......................................................................................................... Rupee ............ ....................................... .................... 257.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 257.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,064.56 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,064.56 Paul Grove: Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 926.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 926.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,293.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,293.86 Jason Wheelock: Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... 926.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 926.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,293.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,293.86 Senator Lamar Alexander: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 752.30 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 752.30 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 317.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 317.00 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro ..............
........................................ .................... 250.66 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.66 Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 678.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 678.00 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 640.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 640.00 Sarah Fairchild: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 752.30 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 752.30 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 317.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 317.00 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 250.66 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.66 Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 618.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 618.00 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 615.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 615.00 Senator Thad Cochran: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 752.30 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 752.30 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 317.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 317.00 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 250.66 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.66 Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 678.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 678.00 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 612.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 612.00 Kay Webber Cochran: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 752.30 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 752.30 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 317.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 317.00 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 250.66 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.66 Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 678.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 678.00 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 612.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 612.00 Ty Mabry: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 752.30 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 752.30 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.038 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4947 September 5, 2017 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 317.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 317.00 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 250.66 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.66 Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 678.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 678.00 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 612.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 612.00 Linda Good: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 752.30 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 752.30 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 317.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 317.00 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 250.66 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.66 Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 678.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 678.00 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 612.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 612.00 Senator Roy Blunt: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 752.30 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 752.30 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 317.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 317.00 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 250.66 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.66 Dan Burgess: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 752.30 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 752.30 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 317.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 317.00 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 250.66 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.66 Senator John Kennedy: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 752.30 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 752.30 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 317.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 317.00 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 250.66 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 250.66 Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 678.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 678.00 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 612.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 612.00 Heideh Sharmoradi: South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 2,277.56 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 2,277.56 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,397.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,397.86 Rajat Mathur: South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 2,277.56 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 2,277.56 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,397.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,397.86 Dabney Hegg: South Africa .............................................................................................. Rand ................. .................................... .................... 2,178.56 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 2,178.56 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,397.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,397.86 Senator Jerry Moran: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 4,598.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 4,598.00 Caroline Ross: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 4,598.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 4,598.00 Jeremy Weirich: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 4,598.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 4,598.00 Adam Telle: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 4,598.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 4,598.00 
Anne Caldwell: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 4,598.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 4,598.00 Senator Richard Shelby: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 4,598.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 4,598.00 Brian Potts: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 4,598.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 4,598.00 Senator Thad Cochran: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 2,857.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2,857.00 Kay Webber Cochran: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 2,857.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2,857.00 Linda Good: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 4,598.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 4,598.00 Bruce Evans: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 4,598.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 4,598.00 Senator Richard Durbin Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 483.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 483.00 Chris Homan: Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 692.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 692.00 Alexander Carnes: Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Euro .................. .................................... .................... 608.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 608.00 Malawi ...................................................................................................... Kwacha ............. .................................... .................... 148.70 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 148.70 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,086.16 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,086.16 Adam Yezerski: Zimbabwe ................................................................................................. Euro .................. .................................... .................... 608.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 608.00 Malawi ...................................................................................................... Kwacha ............. .................................... .................... 152.19 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 152.19 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,086.16 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,086.16 Delegation Expenses: * Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 744.50 .................... 1,559.41 .................... 2,303.91 China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,775.04 .................... 4, 529.89 .................... 6,304.93 Delegation Expenses: * Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 3,369.52 .................... 3,369.52 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 3,239.00 .................... 3,239.00 Delegation Expenses: * United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... 2,106.51 .................... 498.93 .................... 2,605.44 Delegation Expenses: * Cambodia ................................................................................................. Riel .................. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 106.64 .................... 106.64 Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 168.30 .................... 1 12.30 .................... 280.60 Nepal ......................................................................................................... Rupee ............ ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 378.03 .................... 378.03 Sri Lanka .................................................................................................. Rupee ............... .................................... .................... .................... .................... 30.00 .................... 1,373 .00 .................... 1,403.00 Delegation Expenses: * Russia ....................................................................................................... Ruble ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,230.00 .................... 1,230.00 Delegation Expenses: * Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,340.84 ................... . 3,928.60 .................... 6,269.44 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,113.92 .................... 1,113.92 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 7,631.20 .................... 7,631.20 
Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,042.49 .................... 1,042.49 Delegation Expenses: * France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 32,595.20 .................... 32,595.20 Delegation Expenses: * Korea ......................................................................................................... ................. .............................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... . ................... 119.88 .................... 119.88 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 100,793.23 .................... 88,151.39 .................... 62,8 28.01 .................... 251,772.63 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR THAD COCHRAN,Chairman, Committee on Appropriations, Aug. 4, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.042 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4948 September 5, 2017 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator John McCain: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,018.66 .................... . ................... .................... 13,018.66 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 713.16 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 713.16 Christian Brose: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,018.66 .................... . ................... .................... 13,018.66 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 799.82 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 799.82 Elizabeth O’Bagy: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,018.66 .................... . ................... .................... 13,018.66 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 799.82 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 799.82 Mikayla Mowzoon: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,678.66 .................... . ................... .................... 11,678.66 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 926.26 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 926.26 Delegation Expenses: * Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,078.81 ................... . .................... .................... 2,078.81 Senator John McCain: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,586.46 .................... . ................... .................... 12,586.46 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 149.64 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 149.64 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 356.46 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 356.46 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 219.46 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 219.46 Bosnia ....................................................................................................... Mark .............. ....................................... .................... 209.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 209.00 Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 160.58 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 160.58 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 141.99 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 141.99 Albania ...................................................................................................... Lek ............... ......................................... .................... 137.16 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 137.16 Dustin Walker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,587.06 .................... . ................... .................... 12,587.06 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 162.03 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 162.03 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 390.06 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 390.06 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 224.46 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 224.46 Bosnia ....................................................................................................... Mark .............. ....................................... .................... 209.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 209.00 Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 160.58 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 160.58 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 131.49 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 131.49 Albania ...................................................................................................... Lek ............... ......................................... .................... 164.66 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 164.66 Elizabeth O’Bagy: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,268.91 .................... . ................... .................... 13,268.91 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 223.19 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 223.19 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 396.21 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 396.21 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 305.46 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 305.46 Bosnia ....................................................................................................... Mark .............. ....................................... .................... 209.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 209.00 Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 191.22 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 191.22 
Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 169.58 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 169.58 Albania ...................................................................................................... Lek ............... ......................................... .................... 228.21 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 228.21 Mikayla Mowzoon: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,205.46 .................... . ................... .................... 13,205.46 Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 282.26 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 282.26 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... 383.50 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 383.50 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 331.58 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 331.58 Bosnia ....................................................................................................... Mark .............. ....................................... .................... 212.75 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 212.75 Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 200.98 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 200.98 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 206.68 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 206.68 Albania ...................................................................................................... Lek ............... ......................................... .................... 267.16 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 267.16 Delegation Expenses: * Slovenia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,423.67 .................... 1,423.67 Croatia ...................................................................................................... Kuna .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,294.00 .................... 1,294.00 Serbia ........................................................................................................ Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 511.00 .................... 511.00 Bosnia ....................................................................................................... Mark .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 60.42 .................... 60.42 Kosovo ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,277.66 .................... 1,277.66 Albania ...................................................................................................... Lek ............... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 949.00 .................... 949.00 Thomas Goffus: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,932.60 .................... . ................... .................... 13,932.60 Uzbekistan ................................................................................................ Som .................. .................................... .................... 331.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 331.00 Kazakhstan ............................................................................................... Tenge ................. ................................... .................... 564.97 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 564.97 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 18.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 18.00 Mariah McNamara: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,091.56 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,091.56 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 47.75 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 47.75 Delegation Expenses: * Uzbekistan ................................................................................................ Som .................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 160.00 .................... 160.00 Kazakhstan ............................................................................................... Tenge ................. ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ 34.17 .................... 34.17 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 510.96 .................. .. .................... .................... 510.96 Anish Goel: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,188.89 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,188.89 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,499.61 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,499.61 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 932.48 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 932.48 Ozge Guzelsu: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,112.66 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,112.66 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,060.83 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,060.83 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 527.24 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 527.24 Delegation Expenses: * 
Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 1,976.28 .................. .. .................... .................... 1,976.28 Taiwan ...................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 327.12 .................... . ................... .................... 327.12 Jason Potter: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,142.75 .................... . ................... .................... 12,142.75 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 780.65 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 780.65 Delegation Expenses: * Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 558.52 .................... 558.52 Cord Sterling: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,271.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,271.36 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 2,649.42 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2,649.42 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 1,543.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,543.00 ThucMinh Nguyen: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,998.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,998.00 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 3,570.19 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 3,570.19 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 787.30 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 787.30 Delegation Expenses: * Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 3,197.19 .................. .. .................... .................... 3,197.19 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,461.08 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,461.08 Adam Barker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 22,045.06 .................... . ................... .................... 22,045.06 Algeria ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............ ......................................... .................... 264.24 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 264.24 Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 432.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 432.00 Mariah McNamara: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,084.10 .................... . ................... .................... 13,084.10 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 272.37 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 272.37 Chad ......................................................................................................... Franc ............. ....................................... .................... 196.81 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 196.81 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 492.21 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 492.21 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.042 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4949 September 5, 2017 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Delegation Expenses: * Tunisia ...................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 67.98 .................... 67.98 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 307.00 .................... .................... .................... 307.00 Daniel Lerner: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,657.46 .................... . ................... .................... 12,657.46 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,098.02 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,098.02 Delegation Expenses * Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 71.54 .................... 71.54 Jonathan Epstein: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,154.26 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,154.26 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 484.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 484.00 Delegation Expenses * South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... 482.22 .................... .... ................ .................... 482.22 Thomas Goffus: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,298.56 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,298.56 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 285.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 285.00 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 405.74 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 405.74 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 348.33 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 348.33 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 272.18 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 272.18 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 277.28 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 277.28 Dustin Walker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,125.26 .................... . ................... .................... 14,125.26 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 278.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 278.00 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 407.74 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 407.74 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 348.33 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 348.33 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 261.18 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 261.18 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 277.28 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 277.28 William G.P. Monahan: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,143.01 .................... . ................... .................... 13,143.01 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 285.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 285.00 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 405.74 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 405.74 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 348.33 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 348.33 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 262.18 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 262.18 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 277.28 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 277.28 Delegation Expenses * Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 349.34 .................... .................... .................... 349.34 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 933.23 .................... .. .................. .................... 933.23 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 36.09 .................... 36.09 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... 603.08 ................... . .................... .................... 603.08 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 349.34 ....................
.................... .................... 349.34 Senator John McCain: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,905.71 .................... . ................... .................... 16,905.71 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 92.39 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 92.39 Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 545.61 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 545.61 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 292.23 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 292.23 Christian Brose: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,905.71 .................... . ................... .................... 16,905.71 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 215.75 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 215.75 Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 560.04 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 560.04 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 587.54 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 587.54 Elizabeth O’Bagy: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,479.99 .................... . ................... .................... 17,479.99 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 215.75 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 215.75 Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 560.04 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 560.04 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 587.54 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 587.54 ThucMinh Nguyen: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,516.59 .................... . ................... .................... 17,516.59 Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 150.73 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 150.73 Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 652.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 652.00 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 637.43 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 637.43 Delegation Expenses: * Australia ................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,755.00 .................... 1,755.00 Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 3,393.46 .................... 3,393.46 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,687.00 .................... .................... .................... 1,687.00 Senator Jack Reed: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,624.76 .................... . ................... .................... 17,624.76 Elizabeth King: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,624.76 .................... . ................... .................... 17,624.76 Michael Noblet: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,746.24 .................... . ................... .................... 17,746.24 Delegation Expenses: * Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,270.00 ................ .... .................... .................... 9,270.00 Ozge Guzelsu: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,995.67 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,995.67 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,565.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,565.00 Delegation Expenses: * Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 850.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 850.00 Senator Gary C. Peters: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,405.76 .................... . ................... .................... 11,405.76 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 194.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 194.00 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 526.25 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 526.25 Jordan Wells: 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,301.46 .................... . ................... .................... 13,301.46 Latvia ........................................................................................................ Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 218.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 218.00 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 577.25 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 577.25 Delegation Expenses: * Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 456.09 .................... 456.09 Senator James M. Inhofe: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 3,994.97 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 3,994.97 Anthony Lazarski: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 4,045.10 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 4,045.10 Delegation Expenses: * France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 6,349.71 .................... 6349.71 Daniel Lerner: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,071.66 .................... . ................... .................... 10,071.66 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound sterling ........... ........................... .................... 1,017.22 .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... 1,017.22 Allison Lazarus: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,119.18 .................... . ................... .................... 10,119.18 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound sterling ........... ........................... .................... 921.93 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 921.93 Kirk McConnell: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,074.26 .................... . ................... .................... 10,074.26 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound sterling ........... ........................... .................... 653.30 .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... .................... 653.30 Delegation Expenses: * United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound sterling ........... ........................... .................... .................... .................... 2,100.00 .................... ........... ......... .................... 2,100.00 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.042 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4950 September 5, 2017 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 50,765.16 .................... 469,882.46 .................... 18,3 98.31 .................... 539,045.93 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JOHN McCAIN,Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Aug. 2, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE, SCIENCE, AND TRANSPORTATION FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator John Thune: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 4,598.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 4,598.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 4,598.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 4,598.00 
SENATOR JOHN THUNE, Chairman, Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, July 27, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Lisa Murkowski: Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 184.23 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 184.23 Senator John Barrasso: Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 184.23 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 184.23 Senator Steve Daines: Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 184.23 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 184.23 Angela Becker-Dippmann: Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 184.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 184.00 Brian Hughes: Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 184.23 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 184.23 Isaac Edwards: Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 184.23 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 184.23 Severin Wiggenhorn: Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 184.23 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 184.23 Anne Hoefler: Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 185.43 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 185.43 Delegation Expenses: * Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 31,522.24 .................... 31,522.24 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,474.81 .................... .................... ................ .... 31,522,24 .................... 32,997.05 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR LISA MURKOWSKI, Chairman, Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, June 28, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FINANCE FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Michael Bennett: Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 471.85 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 471.85 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 271.20 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 271.20 Lebanon .................................................................................................... Pound ............... .................................... .................... 43.27 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 43.27 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 379.78 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 379.78 Maria Mahler-Haug: Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 493.68 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 493.68 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 271.20 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 271.20 Lebanon .................................................................................................... Pound ............... .................................... .................... 43.27 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 43.27 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 379.78 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 379.78 Jonathan Davidson: Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 493.68 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 493.68 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 271.17 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 271.17 Lebanon .................................................................................................... Pound ............... .................................... .................... 313.27 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 313.27 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 379.78 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 379.78 Delegation Expenses: * Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 5,258.53 .................... 5,258.53 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 780.32 .................... 780.32 Lebanon .................................................................................................... Pound ............... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 11,152.32 .................... 11,152.32 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 863.43 .................... 863.43 Jeffrey Wrase: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 893.36 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 893.36 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 1,228.81 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,228.81 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,580.06 .................... . ................... .................... 11,580.06 Jay Khosla: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,032.68 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,032.68 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 1,189.21 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,189.21 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,580.06 .................... . ................... .................... 11,580.06 Christopher Campbell: Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 734.80 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 734.80 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.042 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4951 September 5, 2017 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FINANCE FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,711.26 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,711.26 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,494.56 .................... . ................... .................... 12,494.56 Delegation Expenses: * Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... 39.41 .................... 39.41 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 2,150.00 .................... 2,150.00 Laura Atcheson: Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 184.23 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 184.23 Delegation Expenses: * Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 3,095.94 .................... 3,095.94 Everett Eissenstat: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Swiss Franc .......... ................................ .................... 1,271.22 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 1,271.22 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 527.40 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 527.40 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,704.86 .................... . ................... .................... 11,704.86 Douglas Petersen: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Swiss Franc .......... ................................ .................... 1,328.91 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 1,328.91 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 619.15 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 619.15 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,704.86 .................... . ................... .................... 11,704.86 Jayme White: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Swiss Franc .......... ................................ .................... 1,274.43 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 1,274.43 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,208.46 .................... . ................... .................... 12,208.46 Greta Peisch: Switzerland ............................................................................................... Swiss Franc .......... ................................ .................... 1,372.55 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 1,372.55 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,208.46 .................... . ................... .................... 12,208.46 Delegation Expenses: * United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 64.26 .................... 64.26 Christopher Campbell: Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 687.15 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 687.15 Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,114.89 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,114.89 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,887.45 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,887.45 Delegation Expenses: * Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 633.00 .................... 633.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 18,981.98 .................... 86,368.77 .................... 24,03 7.21 .................... 129,387.96 
* Delegation Expenses include Embassy Overtime, Security, Transportation, as well as official expenses in accordance with the re sponsibilities of the host country. SENATOR ORRIN HATCH,Chairman, Committee on Finance, July 26, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator John Barrasso: China ........................................................................................................ Yuan .............. ....................................... .................... 600.10 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 600.10 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 339.76 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 339.76 Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 271.91 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 271.91 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 804.31 .................... .... ................ .................... 804.31 Delegation Expenses: * China ........................................................................................................ Yuan .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,225.71 .................... 1,225.71 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 519.80 .................... 519.80 Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 637.71 .................... 637.71 Senator John Barrasso: Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 447.12 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 447.12 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 666.92 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 666.92 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,352.06 .................... . ................... .................... 13,352.06 Delegation Expenses: Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 484.78 .................... 484.78 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 281.16 .................... 281.16 Senator Cory Booker: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 408.16 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 408.16 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 544.34 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 544.34 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,746.66 .................... . ................... .................... 12,746.66 Sophia Lalani: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 408.16 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 408.16 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 744.61 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 744.61 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,395.36 .................... . ................... .................... 13,395.36 Delegation Expenses: * Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 147.60 .................... 147.60 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 2,417.91 .................... 2,417.91 Senator Christopher Coons: Uganda ..................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 431.30 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 431.30 South Sudan ............................................................................................. Pound .................. ................................. .................... 2.70 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 2.70 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,241.38 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,241.38 Thomas Mancinelli: Uganda ..................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 655.30 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 655.30 South Sudan ............................................................................................. Pound .................. ................................. .................... 0.70 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 0.70 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,438.88 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,438.88 Delegation Expenses: * Uganda ..................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 3,765.00 .................... 3,765.00 Senator Christopher Coons: Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 929.12 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 929.12 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,050.17 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,050.17 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,384.06 .................... . ................... .................... 12,384.06 
Thomas Mancinelli: Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 1,027.32 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,027.32 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,130.56 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,130.56 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,339.56 .................... . ................... .................... 12,339.56 Delegation Expenses: * Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 969.56 .................... 969.56 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 562.32 .................... 562.32 Senator Bob Corker: Uganda ..................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 554.47 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 554.47 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,723.36 .................... . ................... .................... 14,723.36 Delegation Expenses: * Uganda ..................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 4,228.00 .................... 4,228.00 Senator Cory Gardner: Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 839.95 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 839.95 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 746.47 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 746.47 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.042 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4952 September 5, 2017 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,754.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,754.36 Igor Khrestin: Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 889.18 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 889.18 Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 776.72 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 776.72 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,004.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,004.36 Delegation Expenses: * Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,263.77 .................... 1,263.77 Senator Ron Johnson: Slovakia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 374.62 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 374.62 Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 427.58 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 427.58 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,995.36 .................... . ................... .................... 12,995.36 Lydia Westlake: Slovakia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 400.84 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 400.84 Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... 420.58 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 420.58 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,995.36 .................... . ................... .................... 12,995.36 Delegation Expenses: * Slovakia .................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 1,267.47 .................... 1,267.47 Montenegro ............................................................................................... Euro .................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,298.00 .................... 1,298.00 Senator Rob Portman: China ........................................................................................................ Yuan .............. ....................................... .................... 760.24 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 760.24 Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 489.76 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 489.76 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 316.73 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 316.73 Tyler Brace: China ........................................................................................................ Yuan .............. ....................................... .................... 750.97 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 750.97 Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 385.23 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 385.23 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 310.50 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 310.50 Delegation Expenses: * China ........................................................................................................ Yuan .............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 2,451.42 .................... 2,451.42 Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,275.42 .................... 1,275.42 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,039.60 .................... 1,039.60 Thomas Callahan: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 2,169.45 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2,169.45 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,365.76 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,365.76 Joseph Curtsinger: Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 2,139.45 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2,139.45 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,365.76 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,365.76 Delegation Expenses: * Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 443.86 .................... 443.86 Sarah Downs: Peru ........................................................................................................... Sol ............. ........................................... .................... 1,047.10 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,047.10 Argentina .................................................................................................. Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 1,063.60 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,063.60 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,932.30 .................... ..
.................. .................... 1,932.30 Caleb McCarry: Peru ........................................................................................................... Sol ............. ........................................... .................... 1,047.10 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,047.10 Argentina .................................................................................................. Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 1,063.60 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,063.60 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,932.30 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,932.30 Delegation Expenses: * Peru ........................................................................................................... Sol ............. ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 970.54 .................... 970.54 Argentina .................................................................................................. Peso ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,271.56 .................... 1,271.56 Brooke Eisele: Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Crowns .................. ................................ .................... 794.07 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 794.07 Moldova ..................................................................................................... Leu ................ ........................................ .................... 383.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 383.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,369.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,369.86 Delegation Expenses: * Moldova ..................................................................................................... Leu ................ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 82.00 .................... 82.00 Trey Hicks: Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... 290.00 .................... 500.00 .................... .............. ...... .................... 790.00 Uganda ..................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 574.00 .................... 330.00 .................... ................ .... .................... 904.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,739.66 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,739.66 Delegation Expenses: * Kenya ........................................................................................................ Shilling .......... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 807.61 .................... 807.61 Uganda ..................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 952.00 .................... 952.00 David Kinzler: Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,430.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,430.00 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 374.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 374.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,118.18 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,118.18 Dana Stroll: Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,147.85 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,147.85 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... 350.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 350.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,115.18 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,115.18 Delegation Expenses: * Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 777.94 .................... 777.94 Turkey ........................................................................................................ Lira ............. .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 322.09 .................... 322.09 Josh Klein: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,524.26 .................... 171.26 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,695.52 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,119.06 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,119.06 Carolyn Leddy: Malaysia .................................................................................................... Ringgit ............ ...................................... .................... 434.95 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 434.95 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 989.82 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 989.82 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,291.16 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,291.16 Delegation Expenses: * Malaysia .................................................................................................... Ringgit ............ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 152.70 .................... 152.70 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 129.00 .................... 129.00 Damian Murphy: 
France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 885.56 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 885.56 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,182.44 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,182.44 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,646.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,646.86 Margaret Taylor: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 885.56 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 885.56 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,182.44 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,182.44 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,646.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,646.86 Delegation Expenses: * France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 28.00 .................... 28.00 Charlotte Oldham-Moore: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,308.70 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,308.70 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,142.28 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,142.28 Sarah Arkin: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 1,304.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,304.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,142.38 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,142.38 Delegation Expenses: * Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 3,953.00 .................... 3,953.00 Rolfe Michael Schiffer: Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 901.27 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 901.27 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 777.23 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 777.23 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,539.66 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,539.66 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.042 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4953 September 5, 2017 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Delegation Expenses: * Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 608.01 .................... 608.01 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,501.98 .................... 1,501.98 Michael Schiffer: Philippines ................................................................................................ Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 566.28 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 566.28 Indonesia .................................................................................................. Rupiah .............. .................................... .................... 918.64 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 918.64 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,292.86 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,292.86 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,460.46 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,460.46 Delegation Expenses: * Indonesia .................................................................................................. Rupiah .............. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 176.72 .................... 176.72 Lowell Schwartz: Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... 115.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 115.00 Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 219.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 219.00 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 354.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 354.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,798.06 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,798.06 Delegation Expenses: * Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 207.49 .................... 207.49 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 114.77 .................... 114.77 Brandon Yoder: Brazil ......................................................................................................... Real ............ .......................................... .................... 727.82 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 727.82 Argentina .................................................................................................. Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 823.17 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 823.17 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,988.06 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,988.06 Delegation Expenses: * Brazil ......................................................................................................... Real ............ .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... 65.35 .................... 65.35 Argentina .................................................................................................. Peso ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 170.00 .................... 170.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 48,368.31 .................... 187,890.17 .................... 36,5 69.85 .................... 272,828.33 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR BOB CORKER, Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, July 26, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Andrew Polesovsky: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,253.35 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,253.35 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 286.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 286.00 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 2,237.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,237.00 Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 1,880.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,880.00 Will Dargusch: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,253.35 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,253.35 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 294.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 294.00 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 2,224.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,224.00 Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 1,815.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,815.00 Roberto Berrios: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,253.35 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,253.35 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 284.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 284.00 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 2,215.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,215.00 Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 1,953.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,953.00 Portia Bamiduro: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,253.35 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,253.35 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 261.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 261.00 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 2,288.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 2,288.00 Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 1,842.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,842.00 Delegation Expenses: * Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 2,714.65 .................... 2,714.65 Delegation Expenses: * Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 768.00 .................... 768.00 Delegation Expenses: * Hong Kong ................................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 3,356.00 .................... 3,356.00 Senator Heidi Heitkamp: Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... 180.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 180.00 Delegation Expenses: * Norway ...................................................................................................... Krone .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 3,940.28 .................... 3,940.28 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 17,759.00 .................... 21,013.40 .................... 10,77 8.93 .................... 49,551.33 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR RON JOHNSON, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, July 12, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS AND ENTREPRENEURSHIP FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
DeMarcus Finnell: Germany .................................................................................................... United States ....... ................................ .................... .................... .................... 1,500.91 .................... ...... .............. .................... 1,500.91 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,500.91 ................ .... .................... .................... 1,500.91 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JAMES E. RISCH, Chairman, Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship, July 26, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.042 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4954 September 5, 2017 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Kamala Harris ...................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... 710.82 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 710.82 ............................................................... .................... 79.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... 79.00 ............................................................... .................... 256.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 256.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 18,4 58.86 .................... .................... .................... 18,458.86 Nate Adler .......................................................................................................... ........... .................................................... .................... 610.82 .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... 610.82 ............................................................... .................... 75.00 .................... .................. .. .................... .................... .................... 75.00 ............................................................... .................... 256.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 256.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,7 30.36 .................... .................... .................... 17,730.36 Delegation Expenses * ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 132.64 .................... 132.64 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... .................... .................... Brian Walsh ....................................................................................................... ............. .................................................. .................... 617.33 .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... 617.33 ............................................................... .................... 577.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 577.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,90 1.39 .................... .................... .................... 5,901.39 Ryan Kaldahl ..................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 571.58 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... 571.58 ............................................................... .................... 507.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 507.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,04 0.09 .................... .................... .................... 4,040.09 Rick Nussio ........................................................................................................ ............ ................................................... .................... 571.78 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 571.78 ............................................................... .................... 469.00 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 469.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,26 1.68 .................... .................... .................... 8,261.68 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... .................... .................... Robert Kadlec .................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 33.00 .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... 33.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,36 9.20 .................... .................... .................... 3,369.20 Kerry Sutten ....................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 33.00 .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... 33.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,36 9.00 .................... .................... .................... 3,369.00 Delegation Expenses * ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 14,254.00 .................... 14,254.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... .................... .................... Matt Pollard ....................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 543.39 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 543.39 ............................................................... .................... 350.49 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 350.49 ............................................................... .................... 300.66 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 300.66 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,48 5.96 .................... .................... .................... 5,485.96 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... .................... .................... Senator John Cornyn .......................................................................................... .................. ............................................. .................... 184.23 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 184.23 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,94 0.28 .................... .................... .................... 3,940.28 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... .................... .................... Senator Richard Burr ........................................................................................ ................... ............................................ .................... 115.00 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 115.00 ............................................................... .................... 877.30 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 877.30 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,9 81.76 .................... .................... .................... 11,981.76 Senator James Lankford .................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 59.50 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 59.50 ............................................................... .................... 477.30 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 477.30 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,2 12.86 .................... .................... .................... 13,212.86 Chris Joyner ....................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 115.00 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 115.00 ............................................................... .................... 877.30 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 877.30 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,95 7.51 .................... .................... .................... 6,957.51 Christian Cook ................................................................................................... ..............
................................................. .................... 115.00 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... 115.00 ............................................................... .................... 877.30 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 877.30 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,9 81.76 .................... .................... .................... 11,981.76 Robert Kadlec .................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 115.00 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... 115.00 ............................................................... .................... 877.30 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 877.30 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,9 81.76 .................... .................... .................... 11,981.76 Emily Harding .................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 93.00 .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... 93.00 ............................................................... .................... 477.30 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 477.30 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,9 81.76 .................... .................... .................... 11,981.76 Delegation Expenses * ....................................................................................... .................... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 19,040.20 .................... 19,040.20 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... .................... .................... Chris Joyner ....................................................................................................... ............ ................................................... .................... 1,089.46 .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... 1,089.46 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,17 0.50 .................... .................... .................... 9,170.50 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 12,911.86 .................... 147,824.73 .................... 33,4 26.84 .................... 194,163.43 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1997. SENATOR RICHARD BURR,Chairman, Committee on Intelligence, August 3, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Ambassador David Killion: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 2,067.39 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2,067.39 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 1,188.27 .................... 7,525.56 .................... ............. ....... .................... 8,713.83 Paul Massaro: Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 2,067.38 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2,067.38 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 1,188.27 .................... 7,525.56 .................... ............. ....... .................... 8,713.83 Delegation Expenses: * Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 4,084.32 .................... 4,084.32 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 604.23 .................... 604.23 Everett Price: Armenia ..................................................................................................... Dram ............... ...................................... .................... 1,308.00 .................... 11,053.16 .................... .......... .......... .................... 12,361.16 Delegation Expenses: * Armenia ..................................................................................................... Dram ............... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... Allison Hollabaugh: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 861.28 .................... 1,749.46 .................... ........... ......... .................... 2,610.74 Delegation Expenses: * Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 39.24 .................... 39.24 Jordan Warlick: Georgia ...................................................................................................... Lari .............. ......................................... .................... 765.00 .................... 1,858.46 .................... .......... .......... .................... 2,623.46 Delegation Expenses: * Georgia ...................................................................................................... Lari .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 721.45 .................... 721.45 Robert Hand: Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 1,224.47 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 1,224.47 Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... 1,157.40 .................... 3,084.86 .................... ............. ....... .................... 4,242.26 Delegation Expenses: * Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... Denmark ................................................................................................... Krone ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... Erika Schlager: Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... 1,254.24 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,254.24 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Forint ............. ....................................... .................... 1,172.00 .................... 10,624.76 .................... ......... ........... .................... 11,796.76 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.042 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4955 September 5, 2017 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Delegation Expenses: * Romania ................................................................................................... Leu .................. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 103.46 .................... 103.46 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Forint ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... Alex Tiersky: Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... 1,874.61 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 1,874.61 Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,066.27 .................... 10,450.26 .................... ........ ............ .................... 11,516.53 Delegation Expenses: * Czech Republic ......................................................................................... Koruna .................. ................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... .................... Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... Scott Rauland: Moldova ..................................................................................................... Leu ................ ........................................ .................... 536.00 .................... 13,127.16 .................... .......... .......... .................... 13,663.16 Delegation Expenses: * Moldova ..................................................................................................... Leu ................ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 39.80 .................... 39.80 Mischa Thompson: France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 2,880.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2,880.00 Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 1,313.32 .................... 11,371.16 .................... ....... ............. .................... 12,684.48 Delegation Expenses: * France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 743.00 .................... 743.00 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 219.74 .................... 219.74 Janice Helwig: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 35,952.00 .................... 6,011.48 .................... ........ ............ .................... 41,963.48 Delegation Expenses: * Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... .................... .................... Janice Helwig: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 933.00 .................... 557.30 .................... ............... ..... .................... 1,490.30 Delegation Expenses: * Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 300.00 .................... 300.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 58,808.90 .................... 84,939.18 .................... 6,855 .24 .................... 150,603.32 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR ROGER WICKER, Chairman, Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, July 13, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS CONTROL CAUCUS FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Janet Drew: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 994.16 .................... .... ................ .................... 994.16 Colombia ................................................................................................... Pesos ............... ..................................... .................... 596.58 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 596.58 Kelly Lieupo: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 994.16 .................... .... ................ .................... 994.16 Colombia ................................................................................................... Pesos ............... ..................................... .................... 609.82 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 609.82 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,206.40 .................... 1,988.32 .................... ....... ............. .................... 3,194.72 
SENATOR CHUCK GRASSLEY, Chairman, Senate Caucus on International Narcotics Control, June 28, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), DEMOCRATIC LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Michael Kuiken: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,273.66 .................... . ................... .................... 13,273.66 Singapore .................................................................................................. Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 1,321.00 .................... 422.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... 1,743.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,321.00 .................... 13,695.66 .................... ...... .............. .................... 15,016.66 
SENATOR CHARLES E. SCHUMER,Democratic Leader, July 21, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), MAJORITY LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Thomas P. Hawkins: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,745.56 .................... . ................... .................... 11,745.56 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Dollar ................ .................................... .................... 32.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 32.00 Thomas P. Hawkins: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,206.51 .................... . ................... .................... 16,206.51 Qatar ......................................................................................................... Riyal ............ ......................................... .................... 670.30 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 670.30 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 50.00 .................... 3,090.00 .................... .......... .......... .................... 3,140.00 United Arab Emirates ............................................................................... Dirham ...................... ............................ .................... 882.46 .................... .................... .................... 88.99 ...... .............. 971.45 Dr. Brian Monahan: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 818.87 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 818.87 Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 317.07 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 317.07 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 267.24 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 267.24 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.042 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4956 September 5, 2017 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), MAJORITY LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM APR. 1 TO JUNE 30, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Finland ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 684.58 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 684.58 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 628.57 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 628.57 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 4,351.09 .................... 31,042.07 .................... 88.99 .................... 35,482.15 
SENATOR MITCH McCONNELL,Majority Leader, Aug. 7, 2017. h 
BANKRUPTCY JUDGESHIP ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of S. 1107 and the Senate proceed to its imme-diate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1107) to amend title 28, United States Code, to authorize the appointment of additional bankruptcy judges, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Grass-ley substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 787) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 1107), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Wednesday, Sep-tember 6; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each until 12:30 p.m.; finally, that the Senate re-cess from 12:30 p.m. to 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meet-ings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senators B
ENNET and C ANTWELL . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Colorado. 
f 
HURRICANE HARVEY Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, before I begin, now that we have returned from the August break, I want to take a mo-ment to acknowledge the devastation caused by Hurricane Harvey. I know the thoughts of everyone in this Cham-ber are with the thousands of Ameri-cans who are waiting to return home and restart their lives. I hope the Sen-ate will act quickly to allow them to do so. I would also say that we know there is a lot of concern in the Presiding Offi-cer’s State about what is yet to come, so we need to get about our business. 
f 
DACA Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, tonight I rise to address another issue—the Trump administration’s decision to end the program known as DACA. DACA provided deportation relief to nearly 800,000 undocumented immi-grants who came to this country as children. Those kids grew up in Amer-ica alongside America’s children, play-ing on our Little League teams, run-ning for student government, marching in the school band. Just like America’s kids, they showed up to class, they did their homework, and they pushed for-ward with every expectation of build-ing a future for themselves and for their communities. The only difference between them is that the kids covered by DACA came to America as undocu-mented immigrants. Many of these kids didn’t even know they didn’t have legal status. I know this firsthand because I used to be the Superintendent of the Denver Public Schools. It was about ninth grade that children would realize—children who had no country other than the United States as their home—that they didn’t have legal status because they had come here through no fault of their own without documented status. A lot of these kids found out the hard way, applying for jobs that asked for papers they didn’t have, applying for fi-nancial aid they were ineligible to re-ceive, and coping with the possibility of being ripped away from friends and family at any time. DACA ended that. It stopped it. Nationwide, it protected nearly 800,000 young adults from depor-tation and gave them lawful presence in the only country they knew to build a future. That is precisely what they have done. Since DACA was enacted, the young people who enrolled in the program have grown into young adults. They have found jobs. They pay taxes. They have started businesses. They have bought homes. They are raising fami-lies. In Colorado, over 17,000 young people came forward to take the government at its word, to share their information, and to apply for deferred action. Each one of them placed their faith in us to protect them and their families until we came to a long-term solution about their status. Today, President Trump has betrayed that trust. Worse, his de-cision to rescind DACA betrays the very character of our country. America does not strip parents from their children. We do not strip brothers from sisters. America does not round up neighbors to send them to places they have not known since they were 2 years old or 6 months old, if they knew them at all. We do not use kids and families as some kind of bargaining chip for legislation. That is not who we are. This decision will not only hurt families and communities, but it will hurt our economy, as 90 percent of DACA recipients work, and 7 in 10 have bachelor’s degrees or higher. They pay taxes. Over the next 2 years, ending DACA could force hundreds of thou-sands of people to lose their jobs. Colo-rado alone stands to lose over $850 mil-lion in economic activity every single year as a result of this rash decision. That is why business leaders all across my State have decried this decision as not only cruel but costly. President Trump campaigned to strengthen families and our economy. With this decision, he is taking aim at both. Now parents all across America are planning where to send their kids if they are deported. Young professionals worry about what will happen to their mortgages, their car payments, and their student loans if they are fired and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.042 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4957 September 5, 2017 
forced to leave. Business owners won-der how they will make up for the hard workers whom they have come to rely on over the years. Once again, Presi-dent Trump has unleashed needless anxiety and uncertainty across Amer-ica. This weekend, I was thinking we would never have been in this position if Congress had acted to fix our broken immigration system to ensure legal status for everybody protected by de-ferred action. Like the Presiding Offi-cer, I was part of the Gang of 8, which wrote the immigration bill in the Sen-ate. It was four Democrats and four Re-publicans who worked together over a period of 8 months in a process that I think the American people would be justifiably proud of. For once in Wash-ington, people sat down in a bipartisan way to actually solve the problems that face this country. We were not making trades. We were not holding each other hostage in that room. We knew that securing the border was an important good, and we knew a path-way to citizenship was an important good. We delivered both to the floor of this Senate. In fact, the bill had very mean-ingful border security. It is the only bill that has passed either the House or the Senate that has had any border se-curity and internal security as well and, as I mentioned, a pathway to citi-zenship for the undocumented people who are here, including everybody who is protected by DACA. It was a good bill—I think it was a great bill—and it got 68 votes in the Senate. If the House had done what the American people had wanted us to do, it would have passed our bill, and we would not have had to go through the agony of what the Trump administration is doing to immigrants in this country right now. I think Congress needs to act swiftly to clean up the damage the administra-tion has unleashed, and that starts with passing the Dream Act. Now is the time for our Republican colleagues to come forward on this important piece of legislation that historically has been supported by Republicans. Tonight, I thank my colleague from Colorado, Senator C
ORY GARDNER , for doing just that and joining me as a co-sponsor of the Dream Act. We have an opportunity to come together as Re-publicans and Democrats in order to give young people the certainty they deserve and the legal path to stay in the only country they know. This is not about left versus right, although I say that about everything in this place, but in this case it really is true. This is about doing right for the young people who are, in every sense, our fel-low Americans. It is about doing the right thing for people in Colorado, like Marissa Molina. Marissa was 9 years old when her parents took her from Mexico to Colorado. She grew up in Glenwood Springs on the West Slope. She worked hard and planned on going to college until she realized, like so many young people whom I have met, that she was ineligible for in-state tuition because of her legal status, but she was deter-mined to make it work anyway. She cleaned houses with her mom and tu-tored other students in Spanish. All of that helped, but it was not enough. By her junior year, Marissa’s family had little money left, and she nearly had to drop out. Then DACA went into effect, and Marissa was able to secure Federal stu-dent loans and graduate summa cum laude from Fort Lewis College in Du-rango. Determined to give back, Marissa spent 2 years teaching in my old school district, in the Denver Pub-lic Schools. She did not have any back-ground in education, but she wanted to pay it forward by helping other kids achieve. Like Marissa, Marco Dorado came to Denver when he was just 3 years old. His parents have worked in our com-munity for over two decades in order to provide for him and his three siblings. Marco was the first person in his fam-ily to graduate from high school, but after graduating, he could not get a job because he did not have a Social Secu-rity card. He could not get a driver’s li-cense, and he could not get a student loan—a bright future frozen in place. Marco felt trapped in a system with no way forward. Then the last President announced DACA in 2012. Marco got his Social Se-curity card, his driver’s license, and fi-nancial aid to attend the University of Colorado. As he studied for a degree in finance, he worked between classes and interned at our State capitol. There, he learned something about politics, and he was voted student body president by his peers at CU, at the University of Colorado. In every practical sense there is, Marco is an American. He has no mem-ory of life before America. He grew up in our schools, played alongside our kids, attended our colleges, and has been working to improve this democ-racy. His two younger brothers and sis-ters, as is so often the case, were born here. A decent and compassionate adminis-tration would find a way for Marco to stay in the only community he knows. A smart and forward-looking adminis-tration would seize on this young man’s talent and commitment to our Nation. A wise administration would recognize in Marco and Marissa the best qualities of America—hard work, family, perseverance, and service. In-stead—and I regret this—we have the Trump administration, which threat-ens to rip them from their families, tear them from the communities they have built in Colorado, and deprive our Nation of their obvious and consider-able talent. The administration’s decision today has thrown hundreds of thousands of people like Marco and Marissa into needless chaos and fear. For what—to satisfy the smallest fringe of the far right? A majority of the Republicans in my State not only support the Dream Act but support a pathway to citizen-ship for the undocumented people who are here. Unfortunately, today’s deci-sion is just the latest example of the violence this President has done to our country’s traditions. Because of his rhetoric against immi-grants, against Muslims, his equivo-cation about White nationalists, there is a deep unease in this country. I have heard it in townhalls across Colorado. In times like these, it falls on all of us—not just on the people in the Sen-ate—to put our hands on someone else’s shoulder and say: I am glad you are here. Thank you for the contribu-tion you have made by working in our fields and in our factories. We are grateful for what you have done for our communities. We are glad you are studying at the University of Denver or CSU or CU. Though we need legislation to undo the administration’s actions today, this goes well beyond any law on the books. It goes to who we are as a nation. Earlier this year, at my home, I hosted five college students who had received protection under the DACA Program. I made them breakfast, and we sat around the backyard to talk. I heard the worries they had that no young person in this country should have to bear, but I also heard an in-credible sense of aspiration that any American would recognize—dreams of finishing college, launching a business, leading a nonprofit, starting a family. That is no surprise because these kids are American in every way that counts, and like young people across the country, they envision a bright fu-ture for themselves. We have taught them to do that since they were kids. Now we should let them realize it. I thank my colleague from Wash-ington for her patience. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. DAINES ). The Senator from Wash-ington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I join my colleague from Colorado to come to the floor to talk about the President’s misguided decision earlier today to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program. This program, put in place by the last administration, gave the certainty and predictability to so many young children who were brought to the United States through not their own actions but through others’ actions. As my colleague talked about, there is story after story of young people who have literally applied for college aid only to find out they were not here le-gally and could not pursue that kind of financial assistance. That is why, since 2001, I have been a supporter of the Dream Act. Tonight, I cannot believe this is the message from this Presi-dent. In a remarkable act of courage and trust, 17,500 young DACA recipients are working and contributing to the econ-omy in my State, the State of Wash-ington. These recipients must submit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G05SE6.015 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4958 September 5, 2017 
biographical information and biomet-ric information, and allow State De-partment, Homeland Security, and other Federal agencies to complete background checks. They have never committed a felony, and they must have a job, be in school, or have served in the military. So ending this program is literally taking workers out of our State, taking the gross domestic prod-uct of over $1 billion that it will cost our Nation over the next several years. The President’s decision to end DACA runs counter to the longstanding and proud history in our State of wel-coming immigrants. Dreamers invest in their communities. They pay State and local taxes. In fact, the Chamber of Commerce supports this program as does a majority of Americans, and over 300 business leaders agree that Dream-ers help us build a better and more prosperous America. Just today, one of the key Microsoft executives—one of our key companies—said he would rather have legislation to protect these individuals in immigration reform than to have tax reform. That is how important it is to our State. I am glad my colleagues Senators D
URBIN and G RAHAM held a bipartisan press conference to talk about sup-porting this important legislation to move forward. Tonight, as we are returning to the U.S. Senate, with lots of priorities, we need to make sure we are giving young people—young people who have bene-fited from the security of participating in our economy—the certainty that they will continue to be here in the United States and to serve in our mili-tary. I hope my colleagues will take this seriously and move toward legisla-tion. We have worked on a bipartisan basis on this legislation for more than a dec-ade. Yet it is simple. You either want to protect these young individuals or you do not. I hope my colleagues will give us a chance to rectify this as soon as possible. 
f 
WORLD TRADE ORGANIZATION RULING Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I would also like to say a word about the World Trade Organization’s announce-ment that was just made yesterday, one in which the World Trade Organi-zation said that the Boeing 777X Pro-gram did not receive prohibited sub-sidies. This is a huge win for 80,000 Boe-ing employees in the State of Wash-ington as well as for the 1,700 suppliers and individual businesses across our State who support our strong aero-space economy. It is also a loss to the European Union in its efforts to retaliate against the United States for our challenge to illegal launch aid to Airbus that began more than 10 years ago. This shows it was right to raise these concerns by the United States and that the retalia-tion by Airbus was wrong. Last year, the WTO ruled that the EU had not taken steps to comply with its previous ruling regarding $17 billion in illegal launch aid to Airbus, and that it had given another $5 billion in illegal launch aid to the A350 Program even after these kinds of subsidies had been declared illegal. We need an aerospace market that is truly competitive, one that is not dis-torted by illegal subsidies. So these cases matter because the outcome im-pacts jobs here in the United States, and aerospace is one of the biggest manufacturers in the United States. We know in our State that there are lots of challenges and there is lots of competition, but we want that com-petition to be on a level playing field. We want to make sure that, in the aerospace industry, people are playing by the rules. This is the third time the WTO has said that the massive illegal subsidies the EU has provided to Air-bus are wrong, that they have failed to take the steps to comply, and that they need to change their behavior. If the EU will not play by the rules, then we should take the necessary steps to force an end to these anti-com-petitive schemes. I say this because the WTO’s ruling today—while I know many of my colleagues think this proc-ess played out all too long—did resolve the issue as it related to the EU gave Airbus. Enforcement of these trade rules is important to U.S. competitiveness. I want to continue to strengthen our ability to enforce these kinds of rules and continue to make sure that the U.S. Government has all the resources and personnel it needs to make sure our trading partners meet their com-mitments, and our aerospace workforce in the United States is second to none. I want to continue to fight every battle to make sure they can be competitive. I thank everyone at the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative for working so hard on this case for more than a decade. It is finally time to move on and to make sure that the EU is in line with these past WTO rulings and that we continue to fight for a fair and com-petitive aerospace market. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:47 p.m., adjourned until Wednesday, September 6, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE  
GREGORY IBACH, OF NEBRASKA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF AGRICULTURE FOR MARKETING AND REGU-LATORY PROGRAMS, VICE EDWARD M. AVALOS, RE-SIGNED. WILLIAM NORTHEY, OF IOWA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF AGRICULTURE FOR FARM AND FOREIGN AG-RICULTURAL SERVICES, VICE MICHAEL T. SCUSE. STEPHEN ALEXANDER VADEN, OF TENNESSEE, TO BE GENERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF AGRI-CULTURE, VICE JEFFREY MICHAEL PRIETO. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
ROBERT BEHLER, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE, VICE J. MICHAEL GILMORE. THOMAS B. MODLY, OF MARYLAND, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF THE NAVY, VICE JANINE ANNE DAVIDSON. DEAN L. WINSLOW, OF DELAWARE, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE JONATHAN WOOD-SON, RESIGNED. 
EXPORT –IMPORT BANK OF THE UNITED STATES  
MARK L. GREENBLATT, OF MARYLAND, TO BE INSPEC-TOR GENERAL, EXPORT–IMPORT BANK, VICE OSVALDO LUIS GRATACOS MUNET, RESIGNED. 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  
ROBERT J. JACKSON, JR., OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING JUNE 5, 2019, VICE MARY JO WHITE. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN  
DEVELOPMENT  
SUZANNE ISRAEL TUFTS, OF NEW YORK, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVEL-OPMENT, VICE KEITH A NELSON, RESIGNED. 
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE  
ADMINISTRATION  
JAMES BRIDENSTINE, OF OKLAHOMA, TO BE ADMINIS-TRATOR OF THE NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION, VICE CHARLES F. BOLDEN, JR., RE-SIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
TIMOTHY GALLAUDET, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF COMMERCE FOR OCEANS AND AT-MOSPHERE, VICE MARK E. SCHAEFER, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY  
BRUCE J. WALKER, OF NEW YORK, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF ENERGY (ELECTRICITY DELIVERY AND ENERGY RELIABILITY), VICE PATRICIA A. HOFFMAN. STEVEN E. WINBERG, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF ENERGY (FOSSIL ENERGY), VICE CHRISTOPHER SMITH. 
NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION  
JEFFERY MARTIN BARAN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION FOR THE TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2023. (RE-APPOINTMENT) 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  
MATTHEW Z. LEOPOLD, OF FLORIDA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT ADMINISTRATOR OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTEC-TION AGENCY, VICE AVI GARBOW. DAVID ROSS, OF WISCONSIN, TO BE AN ASSISTANT AD-MINISTRATOR OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY, VICE PETER SILVA SILVA, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
LARRY EDWARD ANDRE, JR., OF TEXAS, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF DJIBOUTI. THOMAS L. CARTER, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, FOR THE RANK OF AMBASSADOR DURING HIS TENURE OF SERVICE AS REPRESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMER-ICA ON THE COUNCIL OF THE INTERNATIONAL CIVIL AVIATION ORGANIZATION. MICHAEL T. EVANOFF, OF ARKANSAS, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF STATE (DIPLOMATIC SECU-RITY), VICE GREGORY B. STARR, RESIGNED. NINA MARIA FITE, OF PENNSYLVANIA, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF ANGOLA. DANIEL L. FOOTE, OF NEW YORK, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MINISTER– COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF ZAMBIA. RICHARD GRENELL, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE FEDERAL RE-PUBLIC OF GERMANY. KENNETH IAN JUSTER, OF NEW YORK, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF INDIA. W. ROBERT KOHORST, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF CROATIA. BARBARA LEE, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE REPRESENTA-TIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SEV-ENTY–SECOND SESSION OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS. EDWARD MASSO, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AMBASSADOR EX-TRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF ESTONIA. EDWARD T. MCMULLEN, JR., OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SWISS CONFEDERATION, AND TO SERVE CONCUR-RENTLY AND WITHOUT ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION AS AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE PRINCI-PALITY OF LIECHTENSTEIN. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:30 Dec 14, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD17\SEPTEMBER\S05SE7.REC S05SE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4959 September 5, 2017 
JENNIFER GILLIAN NEWSTEAD, OF NEW YORK, TO BE LEGAL ADVISER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE, VICE BRIAN JAMES EGAN, RESIGNED. DAVID DALE REIMER, OF OHIO, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF MAURITIUS, AND TO SERVE CONCUR-RENTLY AND WITHOUT ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION AS AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF SEYCHELLES. CHRISTOPHER SMITH, OF NEW JERSEY, TO BE REP-RESENTATIVE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE SEVENTY–SECOND SESSION OF THE GENERAL AS-SEMBLY OF THE UNITED NATIONS. ERIC P. WHITAKER, OF ILLINOIS, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUN-SELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF NIGER. 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR  
CHERYL MARIE STANTON, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE WAGE AND HOUR DIVISION, DE-PARTMENT OF LABOR, VICE DAVID WEIL, RESIGNED. DAVID G. ZATEZALO, OF WEST VIRGINIA, TO BE AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF LABOR FOR MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH, VICE JOSEPH A. MAIN. 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
FREDERICK M. NUTT, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE CON-TROLLER, OFFICE OF FEDERAL FINANCIAL MANAGE-MENT, OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET, VICE DAVID ARTHUR MADER. 
FEDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY  
JAMES THOMAS ABBOTT, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE FEDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING JULY 1, 2020, VICE PATRICK PIZZELLA, TERM EXPIRED. COLLEEN KIKO, OF NORTH DAKOTA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FEDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING JULY 29, 2022, VICE ER-NEST W. DUBESTER, TERM EXPIRED. 
GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
EMILY WEBSTER MURPHY, OF MISSOURI, TO BE ADMIN-ISTRATOR OF GENERAL SERVICES, VICE DENISE TURNER ROTH. 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
MARGARET WEICHERT, OF GEORGIA, TO BE DEPUTY DI-RECTOR FOR MANAGEMENT, OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET, VICE BETH F. COBERT. 
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE  
CHRISTOPHER R. SHARPLEY, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE IN-SPECTOR GENERAL, CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY, VICE DAVID B. BUCKLEY, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
JOHN C. DEMERS, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL, VICE JOHN P. CARLIN, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
ANDREI IANCU, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF COMMERCE FOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND DIRECTOR OF THE UNITED STATES PATENT AND TRADEMARK OFFICE, VICE MICHELLE K. LEE, RESIGNED. 
PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT  
BOARD  
ADAM I. KLEIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE CHAIRMAN AND MEMBER OF THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD FOR THE REMAINDER OF THE TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 29, 2018, VICE DAVID MEDINE, RESIGNED. ADAM I. KLEIN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE CHAIRMAN AND MEMBER OF THE PRIVACY AND CIVIL LIBERTIES OVERSIGHT BOARD FOR A TERM EXPIRING JANUARY 29, 2024. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
TOM MARINO, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL DRUG CONTROL POLICY, VICE MICHAEL A. BOTTICELLI, RESIGNED. 
ADMINISTRATIVE CONFERENCE OF THE UNITED  
STATES  
JONATHAN F. MITCHELL, OF WASHINGTON, TO BE CHAIRMAN OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE CONFERENCE OF THE UNITED STATES FOR THE TERM OF FIVE YEARS, VICE PAUL R. VERKUIL, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
CHERYL L. MASON, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF VETERANS’ APPEALS FOR A TERM OF SIX YEARS, VICE JAMES PHILIP TERRY, RETIRED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. STAYCE D. HARRIS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JACQUELINE D. VAN OVOST THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JEFFERY D. AEBISCHER COL. NATHAN B. ALHOLINNA COL. BORIS R. ARMSTRONG COL. KIMBERLY A. BAUMANN COL. ROBERT L. BELL COL. SHAWN N. BRATTON COL. JEFFREY L. BUTLER COL. MICHAEL E. CALLAHAN COL. KEVIN J. CAMPBELL COL. THOMAS S. CAUTHEN COL. LAWRENCE L. CHRISTENSEN COL. SHAWN A. CLOUTHIER COL. DARWIN L. CRAIG COL. ROBERT C. DESKO COL. KEVIN M. DONOVAN COL. BOBBI J. DOORENBOS COL. DAVID M. DZIOBKOWSKI COL. RANDAL K. EFFERSON COL. HOWARD L. EISSLER III COL. SHAWN D. FORD COL. JED J. FRENCH COL. DANIEL E. GABRIELLI COL. MARK P. GAUL COL. RAINER G. GOMEZ COL. PATRICK M. GUINEE COL. PENNY C. HODGES–GOETZ COL. JEREMY C. HORN COL. CASSANDRA D. HOWARD COL. PAUL D. JOHNSON COL. EDWARD S. JONES COL. GARY W. KIRK COL. HEIDI L. KJOS COL. MEAGHAN Q. LECLERC COL. GREGOR J. LEIST COL. SUZANNE B. LIPCAMAN COL. KEITH G. MACDONALD COL. ROLF E. MAMMEN COL. GERALD E. MCDONALD COL. CHRISTOPHER G. MCGRAW COL. MICHAEL R. MORGAN COL. REBECCA L. O’CONNOR COL. DUKE A. PIRAK COL. JEFFREY L. RYAN COL. JON S. SAFSTROM COL. WILLIAM L. SPARROW COL. JAMES R. STEVENSON, JR. COL. JEFFREY D. STOREY COL. BRYAN J. TEFF COL. EDWARD L. VAUGHAN IV COL. APRIL D. VOGEL COL. CHARLES M. WALKER COL. CHRISTOPHER S. WALKER COL. DAVID A. WEISHAAR COL. WENDY B. WENKE COL. GREGORY T. WHITE COL. BRENT W. WRIGHT COL. WILLIAM T. YATES COL. DANIEL S. YENCHESKY 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JOHN E. CARDWELL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOSEPH D’COSTA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. MICHAEL A. BILLS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. DANIEL J. CHRISTIAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. KENNETH H. MOORE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MATTHEW P. EASLEY THE FOLLOWING ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: To be brigadier general 
COL. JOHNNY R. BASS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. TONY L. WRIGHT 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
STEPHEN J. AUGUSTINE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
WILLIAM J. VIT, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
THERESA A. JONES THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUALS FOR APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
JAMES S. SHIGEKANE ANDREW H. STEPHAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
MARC AALDERINK TIMOTHY M. AANERUD AMY M. ABBOTT DAVID N. ABEL RYAN P. ABEL JUSTIN M. ABERTH TIMOTHY JAY ABLAY MATTHEW B. ABLES SEAN M. ABLING THOMAS J. ACKERMAN JOHN M. ADAM COLLIN M. ADAMS EDWARD L. ADAMS, JR. JASON A. ADAMS JONATHAN ALAN ADAMS BRITTON D. ADAMSON BRYAN M. ADOMANIS TODD SAMUIL AFSHAR MICHAEL V. AGCANAS DAVID L. AGEE JARRET I. AHN NATHAN K. AIKEN JUSTIN MICHAEL AILOR ASIF ALAM CHRISTOPHER JOHN ALBAN EARL ROBIN BARIA ALEJANDRO JOSHUA ROBERT ALEXANDER ZACHARY N. ALEXANDER BRANDON J. ALFORD GREGORY L. ALLEN JACOB J. ALLEN SEAN P. ALLEN SEAN R. ALLEN JOSE L. ALMANZAR AMANDA D. ALPAUGH DAVID M. ALPERT JOSHUA E. ALTCHULER AMANDA C. ALTMAN CRAIG A. AMBROSE MARK R. AMOS PHILLIP D. AMRINE DANIEL JOSEPH ANAYA JACK W. ANDERSON MATTHEW KYLE ANDERSON NATHAN D. ANDERSON NICHOLAS J. ANDERSON REBECCA L. ANDERSON ALEXANDER T. ANNEN JONATHAN R. APPLEBY MICHAEL D. ARCHER ANDREW M. ARMSTRONG JOSHUA CHARLES ARMSTRONG JACOB J. ARNDT DANE M. ARNHOLT RUBEN R. ARREDONDO MICHAEL J. ARTH THOMAS W. ASELTINE DUSTIN JAMES ASH WALEED J. ASHIQ DANIEL W. ASPELUND ANDREW T. ATANASOFF KATHLEEN A. ATANASOFF ANDREW D. ATKINSON KELLY ELIZABETH ATKINSON CHAD M. ATKINSON ADAMS JUSTIN D. ATWOOD WADE A. AUSLOOS TYLER K. AWAKUNI DAVID A. AYRES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.053 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4960 September 5, 2017 
STEPHEN N. AYRES KYLE L. BABBITT NATHAN C. BABBITT MATTHEW M. BABCOCK ROBERT W. BABER DOMINIC D. BABINEAUX BRIAN WILLIAM BABIS KEVIN DAVID BADINSKI FLYNT L. BAILEY SEAN G. BAILEY CHRISTOPHER A. BAISCH ADAM G. BAKER JEREMY R. BAKER KELSI DENISE BAKER KEVIN M. BAKER RUSSELL A. BAKER MARC I. BALABAN JOEL G. BALDWIN ERICA J. BALFOUR CHRISTOPHER ROBERT BALL RICHARD W. BALL CARY A. BALSER RYAN R. BAMFORD DANIEL N. BANAKOS LYNDSEY R. BANKS RALIENE F. BANKS SEAN D. BARBER MICHAEL DANE BARGIEL ASHLY T. BARNES REMINGTON R. BARNES GORDON L. BARNHILL ADAM J. BARR WILLIAM F. BARRETT CHANDLER A. BARTHOLOMEW DREW P. BATEMAN WILLIAM A. BAUER BRYANT K. BAUM KAYLEE E. BAZZELL KEVIN M. BEAULIEU NICHOLAS P. BECK BRYAN G. BECKER CHRISTOPHER M. BECKETT SHANNON J. BEERS THOMAS W. BEHRENS DANIEL J. BEIRNE MARK A. BELKOWSKI JAMES M. BELL ELIZABETH A. BELLEAU RONALD S. BELLUE, JR. THOMAS A. BENDER ADAM DAVID BENNETT SARAH E. BENNETT STEVEN A. BENNETT ALEX J. BENSON DAVID C. BENTLEY JOHN R. BERG ANDREW J. BERGER PHILLIP E. BERGERON AUSTIN C. BERGSTROM DIANA C. BERKELAND NICOLLE SCOTT BERNARD LUCAS M. BERRECKMAN JUSTIN S. BERRY JOHN D. BERTIERI DUSTIN J. BERTRAND DAVID LAYTE BERVIG LEMUEL BETHUME DANIEL E. BETTINGER CODY A. BIAS ROSS M. BIECHLER ALEXANDER E. BIEGALSKI BRENT L. BIENENFELD ALEJANDRO MARCELO BIHAR CHRISTOPHER S. BILLIU TIMOTHY T. BILLS KARI L. BINGER MARK T. BIRDWELL ROBERT E. BIRELEY, JR. JOSEPH O. BIRKHOLD JORDAN M. BIRT DAVID M. BISHOP TAYLOR B. BLANK BRADLEY D. BLANKENSHIP JOHN R. BLANKENSHIP JOSHUA ALEXANDER BLANKENSHIP DEVON A. BLEDSOE MILESTYSON I. BLOCKER DANIEL L. BLOMBERG SETH J. BLYDEN BRIAN A. BOARDMAN MATTHEW D. BOATMAN SARAH L. BODENHEIMER CHRISTOPHER P. BOELSCHER LAUREN JONES BOGLE IVAN E. BOHLENDER JOSHUA M. BOHNERT MATTHEW JOHN BOLADO QUINCY A. BOLES CASEY R. BOLEY TRENT L. BOLTE TOBIN J. BOLTON MATTHEW B. BOOTH ROBERT K. BOOTH KATHERINE C. BOPP PETER J. BORCHELT GEOFFREY D. BORDER JOEL A. BORGAN MATTHEW E. BORGER THOMAS A. BORSETH GREGG R. BOULANGER MICHAEL T. BOWEN PAUL T. BOWEN AARON T. BOWENS ANTHONY C. BOWMAN JOSHUA L. BOWMAN CHRISTOPHER A. BOYER JESSE S. BOYTER DANIEL M. BRADFIELD MICHAEL ANTOINE BRADFORD JOSHUA PHILIP BRADY BRIAN A. BRANAGAN DAVID BRANDON, JR. KENNETH J. BRANDON ALEXANDER HOYT BRANNON CHARLES A. BRANTIGAN TROY MICHAEL BRELAND PATRICIA C. BRENNAN JAMES R. BRESNAHAN JOHN F. BREWER, JR. JOHN S. BREWER ALEX C. BREWSTER BRIAN M. BREWSTER TONY D. BRIDGEWATER AARON BRIESMASTER TERRENCE ANTHONY BRIGGS CHRISTOPHER ALLEN BRIGHT ANDREW J. BRINKER NEAL S. BRINKWORTH GEOFFREY S. BRITZKE KEVIN W. BROOKS RANDALL EDWARD BROOME JASON P. BROSSEAU NICHOLAS GREGORY BROUGHAM ADAM B. BROWN CHRISTOPHER K. BROWN CHRISTOPHER R. BROWN CHRISTOPHER S. BROWN DANIEL T. BROWN ERIC M. BROWN JONATHAN T. BROWN KENDALL G. BROWN CHRISTOPHER W. BRUCK ANTONIO N. BRUNSON JOSEPH P. BUCHANAN JEFFREY D. BUCHHOLTZ MATTHEW H. BUCHHOLTZ JOSEPH SAMIR BUCKMAN ELLIS KRISTI NICOLE BUCZEK PHILIP W. BUDENBENDER MARK KYLE BUDGEON JOSEPH A. BUDZYN MANUEL A. BUELNA, JR. BRANDON M. BUELOW GABRIEL T. BUGAJSKI JOHN D. BURCH KENNETH A. BURCH ROBERT DAVID BURCKNER BRETT BURDYSHAW STEVEN M. BURGESS JEREMIAH BURLESON ERIC WILLIAM BURLEY AMIE MARIE BURNETT CHRISTOPHER J. BURNETT WILLIAM A. BURNETTE MATTHEW A. BURNHAM WILLIAM J. BURROWS MATTHEW COREY BURTON ALYSON E. BUSCH ANDREA M. BUSH BRIAN G. BUSH JOHN M. BUSICK VITO A. BUSSMANN JONATHAN D. BUTCHER ANDREW S. BUTLER ERIC M. BUTLER KEVIN S. BYRAM JAMES BRYSON BYRD JAMES M. BYRNE MICHAEL WILLIAM BYRNES TIMOTHY E. CABANA JOHN D. CACIC CAMDON R. CADY JOSEPH N. CALCITRAI ERIK CALDERON GONZALEZ BRITTAIN M. CALDWELL ALAN LINDSAY CALFEE MARIA E. CALHOUN REX M. CALILUNG ROBERT W. CALL COREY L. CALLAHAN JOSHUA C. CALLAHAN RICHARD C. CALLAHAN JAMES D. CAMP ALECIA CELESTE CAMPBELL ALFRED J. CANNIN KENNETH J. CANTY ETHAN E. CAPARELLI CHRISTOPHER MATTHEW CARDINALE DAVID A. CARDONA JAMES A. CARFAGNO JUSTIN R. CARL CHRISTOPHER P. CARLEN DAVID CHRISTOPHER CARLO CRAIG M. CARLSON EVAN J. CARLSON JEREMY R. CARLSON JOSHUA J. CARLSON KYLE B. CARNAHAN JOSEPH D. CARPENTIERI JOSHUA J. CARROLL SHAYNE R. CARROLL ALICIA M. CARTER BRITTANY S. CARTER JEFFERY H. CARTER JENNIFER Y. CARTER MICHAEL J. CARTER ROBERT C. CARTER CESAR O. CARVAJAL DANIEL R. CASCIO DANIEL L. CATINO TIMOTHY A. CAUSEY MICHAEL E. CAVANAUGH STEPHEN B. CECIL WILLIAM M. CERAT MARK J. CERNI SILAS D. CHADWICK RYAN F. CHAMBERLIN STEVEN M. CHANDLER ALBERT C. CHANEY CATHERINE R. CHAPPELL IVONNE JANELLA CHARBONNEAU MATTHEW T. CHARBONNEAU BENSON CHEN RAFAEL E. CHENG NATASSIA N. CHERNE IAN A. CHESLEY ARUN L. CHITTUR BENJAMIN A. CHRISTENSEN TEMESHA R. CHRISTENSEN ELLIS OSCAR CHRISTIAN, JR. KEVIN A. CHRISTIAN BRYAN S. CHRISTOPHER HOYOON CHUNG ANTHONY F. CIAMILLO, JR. JOSEPH PAUL CIARAVINO KARL W. CIRULIS NATHAN A. CLAPPER JONATHAN D. CLARK NICHOLAS C. CLARK NICHOLAS J. CLARK PATRICK J. CLARK ROBERT W. CLARK THOMAS M. CLARK, JR. JONATHAN L. CLASON RYAN JAMES HENRY CLAUSSEN PHILIP M. CLAY JOSHUA WAYNE CLAYTON WILLIAM B. CLEMENTS DONALD ALLEN CLEMSON JOSHUA J. CLIFFORD ARNOLD L. CLINE, JR. KRISTIN S. CLINGER JOHN M. COBB CHARLES A. COFFMAN JACLYN A. COFIELD GEOFFREY M. COHAN DEREK J. COLBATH RAGAN M. COLE JULIO C. COLLAZOS ANTHONY R. COLLINS BRIAN A. COLLINS SKYLER FLYNN COLLINS DEREK A. COMBEE RYAN A. COMER JAMES W. COMPTON CLARK H. CONDICT BRIAN ANDREW CONFORTI NICHOLAS E. CONOVER MATTHEW M. CONRAD BRIAN DOUGLAS CONTIVAL BRIAN M. COOK BENJAMIN SCOTT COOPER NORBERTHA COOPER FRANK T. COPE JEFFREY CHARLES COPELAND TRAVIS L. CORD DAVID T. CORL JAMES D. CORLESS ANGELICA FELISA CORNEJO ANDREW B. CORTESIO RYAN M. CORTNER WILLIAM F. COSGROVE LUCAS MATTHEW COSTON DAVID C. COTE PAUL J. COTE STEVEN C. COTE KENNETH E. COTTER JAMES M. COUCH RYAN P. COUGHLAN BRIAN DANIEL COURCHESNE ERIC W. COURTOIS CHRISTOPHER B. COUSLER TREBOR J. COWLING CHRISTOPHER A. COX DEREK C. COX JOHN R. COX ERIC M. CRANFORD BRIAN B. CRAWFORD NICOLE J. CREWS MARK A. CRIMM LOUIS A. CROOMS KERRY W. CROSSLEY MATTHEW P. CROWLEY CLAYTON R. CRUICKSHANK DANIEL LEE CRUM ADRIAN F. CRUZ ANGEL DANIEL CRUZ JESSE ROBERT BACANI CRUZ RICHARD D. CUDDHY PAUL A. CUMMINGS CAMERON R. CUNNINGHAM THOMAS E. CUNNINGHAM JESSICA L. CUPO CAITLIN T. CURRAN ABIGAIL S. CURTIS CHRISTOPHER A. CURTIS ANDREW E. CUTUCACHE LLOYD E. DABBS KEEGAN S. DALE SCOTT D. DALRYMPLE ROBERT P. DAMRON THEA S. DANELLA RACHEL S. DANIEL CHRISTOPHER THOMAS DANIELS CHRISTOPHER F. DARCONTE BRIAN M. DARCY CHARLES E. DARCY MICHAEL A. DAVAULT ANDREW R. DAVIS BRADLEY J. DAVIS BRYAN J. DAVIS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.054 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4961 September 5, 2017 
JAMES MICHAEL DAVIS JOHN A. DAVIS MICHAEL T. DAVIS RANDON S. DAVIS AMBER MELODY DAWSON JUSTIN M. DAWSON NEAL G. DAY ALESSANDRA DE JESUS TYLER J. DE SANTIS DAVID W. DEAL MICHAEL S. DEAN THEODORE N. DEBONIS MATTHEW H. DEFOOR RENA DEHENRE JEREMIAH A. DEIBLER EMMANUEL AGREGADO DELACRUZ MARCOS A. DELGADO SELINA L. DELLAFOSSE BRANDEN DELONG SAMUEL H. DEMASS ALLEN J. DENEVE ELIZABETH ANN R. DENEVE BENJAMIN E. DENNIS ALEXANDER W. DENTON STEFAN G. DEPAUL CHAY MICHAEL DERBIGNY CHRISTOPHER J. DERCKS KEITH R. DERR DANIEL K. DERUSHA ANDREW E. DERWAE JOSEPH A. DESKIN JENA L. DESMET DILLON B. DEUTSCH JACOB DEVLIN MICHAEL W. DEWEY RYAN N. DEWEY MARY E. DIAMOND LARRY MICAH DICKS BRADLEY K. DIEDRICK THEODORE M. DIFUNTORUM III WILLIAM JOSEPH DIGIACOMO DIANA A. DILLARD DANIEL R. DILLINGER EVAN D. DINEEN THEODORE J. DINKELMAN, JR. PAUL D. DINKINS MATTHEW M. DINSDALE JAMES A. DIROFF MATTHEW F. DITSON DANIEL A. DLUGIEWICZ PETER J. DOBBINS MORGAN NICHOLE DOLAN GABRIELLE C. DOLBY ZACHARY MICHAEL DOLLEY SEAN P. DOMINCOVITCH TIMOTHY R. DOSTER DANIEL JAMES DOUCETTE MATTHEW J. DOUGHERTY KYLE R. DOWD MARIA V. DOWNING PHILIP J. DOWNING ARTHUR T. DOWNS PAUL A. DRAGNICH THOMAS B. DRAPER SHAWNA J. DRISCOLL CHAD MICHAEL DRONEY ROBERT E. DRUMM MICHELLE R. DRYDEN AARON P. DUANE BRENDAN S. DUBOIS STEVEN PATRICK DUCKERS ERIC M. DUECHLE ERIC D. DUENO KYLE J. DUFAUD ALEXANDER F. DUFAULT STEPHANIE C. DUFFY ROBERT FRANCIS DUFRANE DUSTIN JOE DUKE DANIEL JAMES DUNCAN ERIC R. DUNCAN ADAM B. DUNK THOMAS P. DUNN NICHOLAS J. DUPRE RYAN B. DURSO KEVIN M. DWYER STEPHEN D. EASTER ERIK ALAN EASTERLING DUSTIN ADAM EDWARDS NICHOLAS B. EDWARDS MATTHEW M. EGGERT ERIC J. EHN SETH DAVID EHRLICH KYLE R. EICHORST WESLEY A. EKWALL SAMUEL B. ELIASON AMANDA LEE ELLIOTT BRIAN P. ELLIOTT JOSHUA C. ELLIS ANDREW S. ELMORE KRIS E. ELMSTEDT JONATHAN D. ELY ERIC R. EMERSON EVERETT W. EMERSON RACHEL MIRIAM EMES COLIN C. ENGEBRETSEN CHRISTOPHER M. ENGLERT JEFFREY A. ENTINE KEVIN P. EPSTEIN EVAN C. ERICKSON JEFFREY JOHN ERWIN SAMUEL E. ESPLIN JASON T. ESTANQUE ADAM L. ESTRADA PARAWEE EUAVIJITEAROON CORY M. EUBANKS JESSE M. EVANS TREVOR EVANS AMANI A. EVENSEN ROBERT V. EVERHART MONTANNA J. EWERS GEORGE W. FAHRENBRUCK DEGEN L. FAIN ADEYEMI AKINOLA FAKUNLE GAETANO A. FALCONE BRIDGETTE A. FALOSK RICARDO ARTURO FEBRY MELISSA A. FEDYSCHYN ERIC J. FELDER AMANDA L. FEMANO ADAM M. FEREK ALEC FERGUSON GREGORY J. FERTIG MICHAEL L. FICK BRADLEY P. FIELD DAVID W. FIELD DIANE M. FIELD EVAN G. FILLMAN NICHOLAS C. FINE NOAH R. FIRTH DANIEL R. FISCHER JORDAN M. FISCHER BRAD S. FISHER SEAN R. FISHER JOHN P. FITZSIMMONS TYLER C. FLAGG MICHAEL J. FLEHARTY TIFFANY H. FLEMING DOUGLAS R. FLETCHER MEGHAN R. FLETCHER ANTHONY MICHAEL FLORENTINE ISAAC M. FLORES JONATHAN R. FLORSZ CURTIS A. FLOYD MATTHEW S. FLYNN DOMINIC R. FOGLIA FRANCESCO A. FOLINO EDWIN O. FONT MICHAEL L. FONTAINE CHRISTINE T. FORBES MICHAEL B. FORCE COLIN D. FORD ERIC B. FOSTER NEIL M. FOURNIE AUSTIN M. FOUTS ANDREW WALTON FOWLER GEORGE P. FOWLER CAITLIN ELEANOR FOX DEREK B. FOX STEPHANIE A. FRAIOLI JAMES D. FRANCIERE NATHAN L. FRANKLIN GARY RICHARD FRANTZ MARK E. FRASER MATTHEW W. FREBERT CHRISTOPHER J. FREED SAMUEL M. FREELAND JARED A. FREEMAN JASON P. FREY FENESHA L. FRIAR JENNIFER K. FRIEDEL MATTHEW AARON FRITZINGER JOSHUA D. FRIZZELL BERNARD J. FROEHLICH MATHEW C. FROEHLICH III DAROLD W. FROEMMING RYAN S. FROST STEVEN L. FUHRMAN JOE L. FUQUA STEPHANIE A. FURRER MARK D. GABBARD CALEB A. GABOURY WADE L. GABOURY DEBORAH A. GADDIS DAVID J. GAGNON JOSEPH E. GAGNON SARAH KEIDEL GAGNON JAMES P. GALLAGHER MEGAN EILEEN GALLAGHER JAMES GREGORY GALLEGO ROBBY J. GALLEGOS CHALIE L. GALLIAND ANDRE P. GAMBINO STEPHEN J. GARBARINO JASON M. GARGAN LANE R. GARMAN JAMES DURRELL GARNER MATTHEW JOSEPH GARRIS BRYAN P. GARRISON DANIEL H. GARTLAND WILLIAM R. GARVEY GERALDO F. GARZA JOHNDAVID A. GASA ROGER L. GATES SARAH S. GATES MICHAEL A. GAUD KYLE R. GAUTHIER JILLIAN GAVA NATHAN P. GAVIC GRANT C. GAVRAN DERICK J. GEE MATTHEW MARK GENSIC JUSTIN EUGENE GEORGE MOSES K. GEORGE MATTHEW K. GERETY BENJAMIN JOSEPH GERMANO RYAN GERS DANA F. GERWIN DANIEL E. GERWIN CURTIS RANSOM GETER MICHAEL B. GETHA MATTHEW T. GETTS JEREMY D. GEYER CHRISTOPHER J. GFELLER RICHARD GEORGE GHAZAL MATTHEW R. GHIGNA VINCENT MARIO GIACOMINO JUSTIN L. GIBBONS PAUL A. GIES MARC E. GIFFORD CHRISTOPHER RYAN GILBERT CHARLES W. GILES SCOTT A. GILES BENJAMIN LEE GILLILAND BRANDON R. GLASS CALVIN E. GLASS, JR. LARRY PAUL GLASSFORD WILLIAM J. GLOJEK MATTHEW R. GLOSSER TANNER W. GO PATRICK E. GODFREY ELIZABETH G. GOEBEL MATTHEW D. GOERING JOSEPH W. GOETZ JOSHUA LAWRENCE GOLDFARB RYAN J. GOLDNEY JONATHAN T. GOLDSTEIN ERIK B. GONSALVES ADRIAN GONZALES PRESTON L. GOODRICH SEAN T. GORDEN VALENCIA SHERAE GORE MICHAEL D. GORRELL DEREK C. GOTTLIEB MARK ANTHONY GOVEA MICAH J. GRABER EMILY C. GRABOWSKI LYNN E. GRADY WILLIAM S. GRAEFF KAINOA A. GRAGER MEGAN B. GRAHAM LORI A. GRANGER SEAN V. GRANIER KRISTEN N. GRASSER MATTHEW C. GRAY JESSICA R. GREATHOUSE CALEB B. GREEN JOYCE K. GREENE JAMES S. GREENWOOD ADAM W. GREER RICHARD GREER III NATHAN J. GREINER NICOLE M. GRENIER SAMUEL H. GREY MATTHEW J. GRIDLEY BENJAMIN W. GRIFFITH BRANDON S. GRONE COLLETTE A. GROSSELIN KENNETH P. GROSSELIN RYAN EVAN GROSSMAN WILLIAM PETER GROTH MICHELLE E. GROUND AUSTIN ANTHONY GRUBER JOHN M. GRUNZINGER JONAH R. GUAJARDO ROBERTO A. GUERRA TREVYN A. GUGLIELMO TRISHA R. GUILLEBEAU JOSHUA P. GUNDERSON BARTON F. GUNTER JAMIE M. GURGANUS CHRISTINE A. GUTHRIE GREGORY L. GUY BRIAN R. GUYETTE JEFFERY P. GUYNN NICHOLAS W. GYDESEN WILLIAM T. HACKER SHAWN W. HACKETT JOSHUA A. HAGER NICHOLAS J. HAIAR JESSICA L. HAIVALA JOEL ERIC HAKES ERIC J. HAKOS CHRISTOPHER W. HALBLEIB DEAN A. HALL DEREK J. HALL JACOB T. HALL MATTHEW D. HALL JOSHUA DAVID HAMBLIN JONATHAN KEITH HAMILTON TARA A. HAMMER KEARA A. HAMMONS DAVID W. HANCOCK NATHAN L. HANEY MARK DAVID HANKES ROBERT WILLIAM HANKS CHANCE S. HANSEN ERIC P. HANSEN RICHARD R. HANSEN ASHLEY MARIE HARDWICK MEGAN L. HARKINS KATHERINE E. HARMON SCOTT I. HARNED MARIE T. HARNLY ANTHONY D. HARPER BERNARD L. HARPER, JR. MARK W. HARPER BRANDON DALE HARRIS GREGORY KEITH HARRIS NATHAN W. HARRIS DEVIN LAWERENCE HART KYLE B. HART MARIKO A. HART ZACHARY C. HART GERGELY HARTON BRIAN K. HARTZ ASHTON E. HARVEY TRAVIS C. HARVEY DEREK W. HAUN KEVIN V. HAWKINS STEWART C. HAWKINS DANIEL C. HAY 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:38 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.056 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4962 September 5, 2017 
THOMAS EVERETT HAY JAMES H. HAYES JORDAN D. HAYES JOSHUA L. HAYES STEPHEN ARTHUR HEATH BENJAMIN T. HEDGES BRIAN N. HEEMSTRA JAY J. HEIDE BRYAN A. HEIDTMAN MATTHEW S. HEIL CHARLES R. HENDERLITE JASON S. HENDERSON SCOTT D. HENDERSON TOBIAS J. HENDERSON KYLE C. HENDRICKSON JAMES RAY HENLINE AMMON L. HENNESSEE AMANDA LEIGH HENRY JUSTIN C. HENSHAW RYAN W. HEPLER DANIEL J. HERMANSKI, JR. JOSE HERNANDEZ III CHAD D. HERNER THOMAS M. HEROLD REY A. HERON NICHOLAS C. HERR BENJAMIN CHARLES HERRING JUSTIN D. HERRIS RONALD M. HERSHBERGER BENJAMIN N. HERUSKA JOSEPH BENJAMIN HERWATIC HOLLY A. HESS JAMES W. HESSON SARA R. HEWETT WALTER J. HIBBARD DANIEL M. HICKMAN BRANDI M. HICKS MICHAEL EDWARD HICKS, JR. DAVID JOSEPH HIDALGO, JR. EASTAN L. HIGBEE CHRISTOPHER M. HIGGINBOTHAM JONATHAN D. HILL PATRICK J. HILL JOSEPH T. HILLIARD RYAN A. HINKLEY MAXIMILIAN E. HINTON THOMAS D. HIXON JOSEPH HOATAM GORDON E. HODGKINS ELIZABETH A. HOELTJE NATHAN R. HOFFERMAN ERIC M. HOFFMAN JONATHAN D. HOFFMAN RAYMOND A. HOFFMAN ROBERT J. HOGGARD CHAD D. HOGUE COREY J. HOLDEN MICHAEL RYAN HOLDEN TANDA KAY HOLDEN DANIEL P. HOLDER ERIN K. HOLLAND NICHOLAS C. HOLLERBACH JOHN J. HOLLYFIELD JASON M. HOLMES BRAD P. HOLT TORY W. HOLTON ANDREA M. HOMER MARK F. HONNEN MARC D. HONRATH RANDALL S. HOOPER CHRISTIAN J. HOOVER ARIES CALDERON HOPF ROSS C. HOPKIN JACOB P. HOPPEN SETH T. HORNER HUNTER M. HORSTE CALEY S. HORTON VERONICA L. HOSKINSON MARY E. HOSSIER JIEMIN HOU TYLER J. HOUGH EMMA G. HOUSE JOEL C. HOUSEMAN KALE LEE HOUSER MATTHEW R. HOUSER JACOB B. HOWARD ROBERT J. HOWARD JAMES R. HOWAYECK JONATHAN P. HOWELL COLIN J. HUBER ANDREW DEWAYNE HUCK ANDREW J. HUDDLESTON RYAN B. HUDSON TREVOR J. HUDSON ANN L. HUGHES JONATHAN I. HUGHES MELISSA K. HUGHES JESSE R. HUMPAL HEATH R. HUNTER JASON T. HUNTER KELLY J. HUNTER VENISE L. HUNTER BENJAMIN I. HURLBURT SETH MILEDGE HUTCHESON ANDREW LEE HUTCHINSON RYAN M. HUTTON THOMAS Q. HYDE WESLEY P. INDHARASOPHANG MARGARET LYNNE INGERSLEW GERALD NORMAN ISABELLE III PRESTON BERNARD IVERSON JACOB R. IVIE DEVIN R. IVY THERESA KIMBERLY J. IZELL ASHLEY T. JACKSON BRYAN V. JACKSON JONATHAN B. JACKSON SHERRY L. JACKSON AMBER D. JACOBS JARED JACOBS CARNELL WESLEY JAMES, JR. BRUCE A. JAMISON JARED RAYMOND JANEK STEVEN A. JANNER DAVID L. JANOWIAK GLEN D. JASPER DANIEL GWYNNE JEANES MATTHEW C. JEFFERSON COREY A. JENCKS ADAM G. JENKINS RONALD J. JENKINS BRIAN J. JENSEN JACOB C. JENSEN TROY M. JENSEN CESAR JUNIOR JESUS ADAM P. JODICE LAUREL A. JODICE DANIEL S. JOHNS ANDREW C. JOHNSON ANDREW P. JOHNSON BENJAMIN DANIEL JOHNSON CHRISTOPHER D. JOHNSON DAVID A. JOHNSON DAWN NEWELLYNN JOHNSON DUSTIN CODY JOHNSON GAVIN H. JOHNSON JAMES S. JOHNSON JARED BRYCE JOHNSON KARL B. JOHNSON KATHRYN JANNAZO JOHNSON KYLE B. JOHNSON MARK J. JOHNSON MATTHEW H. JOHNSON RALPH L. JOHNSON WILLIAM R. JOHNSON ERYN A. JOHNSTON ROBERT S. JOHNSTON CHRISTINA M. JONES ERIC S. JONES GARY LYNN JONES JEREMY C. JONES JUSTIN H. JONES ROBERT B. JONES SHARRAH ELIZABETH JONES SHEMEKA L. JONES TANNER M. JONES CHRISTOPHER K. JORDAN IVAN JORGE BRIAN M. JORGENSEN JOSEPH BRENT JOSSELET JOSHUA D. JOWISKI JOSEPH P. JOYCE MELISSA D. JUMPER DAVID P. JUNG JONATHAN E. KACZANOSKI GRAY A. KAEMPF JACOB L. KAHN MEGAN J. KAHN CHRISTOPHER J. KAIRIS NATHAN T. KANE JAMES H. KAREIS ANDERS M. KARLSEN STEFAN P. KATZ HEIDI M. KAUFMAN WILLIAM G. KAVAL IV PATRICK J. KAWONCZYK JONATHAN V. KAY ANTHONY W. KEITH STEPHANIE R. KEITH PATRICK K. KELLAR NICHOLAS S. KELLENBENCE BRANDON L. KELLER MARK A. KELLNER KEMPER KELLY MICHAEL B. KELLY SCOTT J. KELLY SEANMICHAEL T. KELLY TYRONDA L. KELLY JONATHON D. KELSO EROL SAVAS KELTER RYAN A. KEMNITZ LISA C. KEMPKER KURTIS M. KENDRICK JOHN M. KENNEDY TIMOTHY P. KENNY ERIC RAYMOND KENZIK JOHN L. KEPPLE MATTHEW C. KETTLER YARA ALI KHALIL IMRAN R. KHAN CHARLES A. KILCHRIST JOSEPH R. KILIAN CHANG SUNG KIM DAVID M. KIM ESTER KIM JOHN Y. KIM JONGGUN D. KIM SEAN E. KIM GRANT Y. KIMMEL MATTHEW R. KIMMEL ADAM ALEXANDER KING ANDREW M. KING JOHN E. KING III KASEY C. KING RYAN G. KING EVAN C. KINSEL JON M. KINSEY CHRISTOPHER J. KIRKSEY TRAVIS L. KLARE JUSTIN KLAWITTER RAISSA G. KLIATCHKO MATTHEW J. KLICK SCOTT MATTHEW KLIER JOEL F. KLIEWER THOMAS CHARLES KLUSKER, JR. JAMES F. KNAUSS III JUSTIN K. KNEPP SILAS JEROME KNIGHT KALEN L. KNIPPLING CHRISTOPHER ALLAN KNOLL STEVEN KOERITZ GARRETT J. KOHL DAVID A. KOHLHEPP JEREMY J. KOHNEKAMP NATHAN T. KOPAY STEVEN RAY KOPER MARC GREGOR KORDELL HANS G. KORTH TIMOTHY M. KOSMALA JOSEPH M. KOSTELNIK EMILY G. KRAMER JASON E. KRAZER BRYSEN J. KREIGHBAUM JOSEPH P. KRISTBAUM JARED K. KRUEGER KHRISTOPHER C. KRUEGER JOHN A. KRYZAK KEKOA KUAMOO BRETT A. KUBAT DANIEL J. KUDLACZ DAVID A. KUHN BRETT H. KUHRT DANIEL JACOB KULP ADAM J. KURZEN THOMAS JOSEPH KUTZ DAVID L. KYNER JASON K. LACKEY DANNY L. LACORE, JR. ALEX D. LADYSH ROBERT A. LAKE THOMAS P. LALIBERTE GREGGORY P. LAMB JACOB L. LAMBACH KELLY C. LAMMERT GARRETT J. LAND JOFFRE A. LANDER STEPHANIE K. LANDING NATHANIEL D. LANE ANTHONY GERARD LANGLEY PATRICK J. LANGLEY CHRISTOPHER EUGENE LANTERMAN DREW T. LARNED KYLE P. LARSON PATRICK R. LASHER PAUL D. LASORDA ROBERT C. LATTA III SHANNON E. LAUBENTHAL TYLER B. LAWHORN ANDREW LAWRENCE MARK R. LAZANE KATHLEEN H. LE RYAN T. LEAVITT KEITH R. LEBLANC ERIC G. LEDWON JAXON R. LEE NICHOLAS KELLY LEE RYAN MARSHALL LEE LAURA A. LEFEVRE NATHAN J. LEHMAN SCOTT E. LEIBBRANDT BENJAMIN DAVID LEIBY BRANDON M. LEIGH MATTHEW T. LEINES BRIAN J. LEITZKE STEVEN L. LEMAIRE JAMES A. LEMIEUX CHRISTOPHER T. LEMQUE TAYLOR J. LEONARD MEGAN M. LEPPERT AARON TRAVIS LEROY NATHANIEL M. LESHER HUBERT LESNIAK AARON M. LESSIN CHRISTOPHER B. LESTER JOSHUA R. LEVINE LUKE LEVINSON DOUGLAS M. LEWANDOWSKI MICHAEL S. LEWIS TRAVIS S. LEWIS JENNIFER M. LINDBERG MARC ELLSWORTH LINDQUIST NEALE C. LINGE DARAN K. LINTHICUM LINLIN LIOU JAMES I. LISTON DAVID FRANK LISTRO ARTHUR R. LITCHFIELD III KEVIN K. LIU BRODERICK G. LOCKETT TORY J. LODMELL CHRISTINA E. LOFT AUSTIN D. LOHMAN TYLER W. LOHRENZ JIMMY J. LOHRMAN DEVIN A. LONG RICHARD A. LOPES RAFAEL L. LOPEZ CRUZ DANIEL LOPEZ TYLER W. LOWDON DANIELLE K. LUBBERS CLIFFORD D. LUCAS JOSHUA S. LUCAS JACOB D. LUDWIG JONATHAN L. LUHRMANN BRYCE W. LUKEN KEVIN D. LUKOWIAK ANDREW J. LUKSHIS CELESTINE KRISTY LUKSHIS MATTHEW S. LUND ERIK LUTTKUS JAMES M. LUTTKUS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.057 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4963 September 5, 2017 
JACOB M. LYNES JUSTIN M. LYON CHRISTINA M. MACDONALD PATRICK J. MADDEN CHRISTOPHER D. MAHAN KATHERINE THERESA MAIER NATHAN T. MALATESTA SHANE W. MALKIN RUBEN MALLARINO TREVOR D. MALLO LATOYA D. MALONE DEBRA K. MALONEY JOSEPH W. MANGLITZ ROBERT P. MANIFOLD RYAN MANN JOHN J. MANTHE DAVID H. MARBLE KEITH THOMAS MAREN BRIAN J. MARLOW BELENA S. MARQUEZ REMINGTON M. MARSDEN ERNEST B. MARSH RYAN C. MARSHALL MITCHELL MARSTERS JONATHAN O. MARTEL BENJAMIN J. MARTIN DANIEL J. MARTIN JASON N. MARTIN JOSHUA K. MARTIN TYLER W. MARTIN JAIME P. MARTINEZ MARRERO ANDREW H. MARTINEZ JONATHAN ANTONIO MARTINEZ PAEZ MARY CHRISTINA MARX ZACHARY R. MASON JOSHUA JAMES MASOPUST ANDREW J. MASSINO CHRISTIN H. MASTRACCHIO IRAKLI MATCHAVARIANI CARTER MICHAEL MATHERLY CASEY W. MATHEWS CHRISTOPHER M. MATHEWS JACOB T. MATHIS KELLIANNE L. MATSUOKA BENJAMIN A. MATTALINO PETER W. MATTES DONOVAN J. MATTESON JILL LAWRIE MATTESON JORDAN MICHAEL MATTHEWS JOHN S. MATTSON LUCAS K. MATYI DAVID A. MAUER BRETT P. MAY MARIA CRISTINA MCCARTNEY NICHOLAS D. MCCARTY ZACHARY G. MCCARTY NICHOLAS D. MCCAW ROBERT L. MCCLANAHAN DEANNA MEGAN MCCOY MICAH R. MCCRACKEN DANIEL A. MCCREADY WALTER E. MCDANIELBROOKS MEGAN B. MCDONOUGH STEVEN G. MCEWEN IAN M. MCFARLAND JOHN R. MCFARLAND BILLY R. MCGEE PATRICK M. MCGETRICK RYAN P. MCGINNIS KEMERY L. MCGUIRE RYAN P. MCGUIRE JOSEPH A. MCINTOSH JOHN M. MCKEE CASEY R. MCKENZIE KEVIN R. MCKINLEY ROSS H. MCKNIGHT JEREMY L. MCKOY DANIEL W. MCLAUGHLIN ERIC J. MCLAUGHLIN VINCENT K. MCLEAN JEREMY D. MCMULLEN SHAWN BRIAN MCNABB WILLIAM D. MCNAIR CHAD E. MCNALLY STEPHEN J. MCNAMARA JOHN M. MCPHERSON LAUREN B. MCQUONE COLLIN M. MCSORLEY JOSHUA N. MCVAY CURTIS C. MEDVE EDWARD E. MEEKER ROBERT D. MEEKS JOSHUA B. MEENTS ERIC J. MEES NATHANIEL J. MEIER JACOB MEINS LAURA N. MEINS ANDREW P. MELANDER LAWRENCE V. MELNICOFF ISAAC D. MELTON JAMES D. MELTON THOMAS B. MELTZER BENJAMIN P. MENDEL JASON R. MENDEZ NICHOLAS J. MERCURIO DUSTIN M. MERRITT BRETT J. MESSER JOSHUA B. MESSER AMANDA L. MESSINGER ALEX D. MEUSBURGER DAVID R. MEYER FREDERICK L. MEYER DAVID R. MEYN STEVEN A. MEYRAHN CHRISTOPHER KLEINE MEZAK MATTHEW G. MICHAUD DANIELLE C. MICHEL RYAN M. MIDDLETON WILLIAM A. MILBURN ADAM G. MILES ROSS V. MILLARD CALVIN A. MILLER CHRISTOPHER D. MILLER DUANE R. MILLER ERCELL L. MILLER ERIC B. MILLER JACOB C. MILLER JEREMY E. MILLER JOHN ALEXANDER MILLER LINDSEY N. MILLER LUCAS A. MILLER MARCUS A. MILLER STEVEN D. MILLER TOBY J. MILLER TYLER J. MILLER WOODDY S. MILLER RYAN WILLIAM MILLS MONA MIN ZACHARY J. MINNER JOSEPH M. MISCH SCOTT L. MIXDORF MICHAEL D. MOHLMAN MICHAEL F. MOLLOY MATTHEW A. MOLTEN RYAN L. MONTGOMERY TAHINA L. MONTOYA JAMIE R. MOODY AUTUMN BROWN MOORE CHRISTOPHER W. MOORE CLIFFORD C. MOORE TAPPER B. MOORE TIMOTHY I. MOORE CREIGHTON J. MOORMAN TIFFANY R. MORENO JONATHAN R. MORGAN DANA F. MORRILL IAN J. MORRIS MICHAEL C. MORRIS TIMOTHY R. MORRIS OKASON ABORE MORRISON MICHAEL E. MORRISS CHARLES H. MORTON III JACOB R. MORTON NATHAN WILLIAM H. MOTZ ERIN K. MOUBRY STEVEN A. MOUNT JOHN A. MUIR ROBERT P. MUMMERT JAMIE H. MUN KOREY S. MUNDELL AMANDA K. MURPHY JOEL M. MURPHY, JR. KEVIN L. MURPHY SHANNON L. MURPHY VINCENT K. MURPHY CHAD R. MURRAY BENJAMIN D. MUSE TIEU M. MYERS LINDSEY E. MYHR ADAM M. MYSZKA NICHOLAS C. NABORS SHAHIN M. NAMAZI BRANDON S. NANCE NICHOLAS T. NARBUTOVSKIH ANNA L. S. NARDUZZI KEVIN M. NASTASI AMY LYNN NATALINI JAMAAL D. NEAL SHON P. NEAL NICOLAS Z. NEELY JOSE OSCAR NEGRETTE FERNANDEZ RUSSELL G. NEICE, JR. DOUGLAS R. NEIL ALEXANDER V. NELL AHMAD JAMAL NELSON DAVID S. NELSON MARY C. NELSON THOMAS C. NEVEU JONATHAN WING NG PATRICK STEVENS NG MYKAL A. NICHOLAS BRIAN D. NICHOLS LINDSEY RENE NICHOLS MARC A. NICHOLS BRION G. NIELSEN ANDREW J. NIGRO KELSON V. NISBETT ERNEST R. NISPEROS ALEXANDRA A. NITSO STEFANIE R. NOEL YVONNE A. NOLLMANN THOMAS M. NOLTA CHRISTINA E. NORBYGAARD KEITH B. NORDQUIST ANTHONY R. NORMAN KENT P. NORTH WILLIAM DAVID NOVAK DANIEL A. NUGENT JAMES A. NUSSEY SAMUEL Y. O KEVIN M. OBRIEN COLLIN D. OBRYANT OLIVIA MALIT OCAMPO RODRIGO I. OCAMPO KELLY S. OCONNOR, JR. ROBERT J. ODELL THOMAS S. ODGERS DUSTIN J. ODONNELL MICHAEL J. ODONNELL JOHN C. OEFFINGER II CHRISTOPHER D. OERTER SEAN M. OKEEFE GEORGE AZUBUIKE OKORODUDU KENDRA L. OLDHAM BRANDON M. OLIVER ANDREW J. OLSEN BARNABAS J. OLSEN CHRISTOPHER OLSEN DAKOTA S. OLSEN TIFFANY D. OLSON MOFOLORUNSO O. OMOLAYO, JR. BRANDON DON ONEIL KATHERINE L. ONSTAD MATTHEW S. ONXLEY MICHAEL E. OPICH CHRISTOPHER F. OPPENLANDER CASEY JOHN ORDOYNE CHAD M. ORGAARD CLINT P. ORMOND ERIC M. ORNELAS MARCO T. ORONOS JONATHAN S. OROURKE MEGHAN ELIZABETH W. OROURKE TIMOTHY M. OROURKE JOSEPH B. ORR KURT M. ORR ROSEMBERG ORTIZ STEVEN CHRISTIAN ORZEL JODI A. OSBECK PATRICIA A. OSBORN CASEY R. OSBORNE AARON K. OSBRINK MICHAEL T. OSGOOD IAN R. OSTERREICHER JORDAN P. OSTWALD JON A. OSWALD THOMAS J. OUTLAW RACHEL L. OWEN SHAUN R. OWENBY ERIC KENNEDY OZBURN DANIELLE L. OZMENT CHRISTOPHER D. PACE GREG S. PADILLA ASHA G. PADMANABHAN TYLER DAVID PAFFETT BRIAN D. PAGE JAY B. PAGE ANTHONY N. PALADINO KIRK A. PALAN JENNIFER A. PALKO KYLE P. PALMER JOSHUA MICHAEL PALOCHAK NICHOLAS J. PALTZER WALTER S. PALUMBO RICHARD J. PALZ REBECCA L. PAPP MICHAEL J. PAQUETTE CHRISTIAN P. PARDUE AARON K. PARKER DYLAN M. PARKER JONATHAN PATRICK PARKS WILLIAM C. PARRISH STEPHEN L. PARSONS RYAN PASCHAL SEAN J. PASIETA KEVIN J. PASTOOR MATTHEW T. PATE RAYMOND PATRICK PATERSON RUSSELL C. PATTEN CLARENCE E. PATTERSON, JR. JOHN L. PAYNE LEE C. PAYNE JOSE RICARDO PAZ ADAM J. PEACHMAN RYAN J. PEAKE NICOLE DANIELLE PEARL MINDY R. PEARSON KENNETH M. PEDERSEN MICHAEL S. PEEPLES FIONA Y. PELEHAC AMANDA J. PELKOWSKI MARLO G. PELOQUIN ALBERT JACOB PENA ANTHONY PENA KEVIN M. PENN ROSEMARY PEREZ HOWELL FERNANDO PEREZ JULIO C. PEREZ JACOB L. PERGANDE SHARI D. PERKINS CHRISTOPHER J. PERRY DERICK I. PERRY SEAN T. PERRY ANDREW J. PETERSEN CONNIE ELISA PETERSON RACHEL JANINE PETRIROSE TIMOTHY ELIAS PETROV JASON B. PETTENGILL JOSEPH S. PFEIFER CHRISTINA A. PFEIFFER JEREMY LEE PHIFER JOSEPH G. PICKENPAUGH DAWN R. PIEPER JOSEPH R. PIERCE DANIEL R. PILECKI CORY J. PILINKO TRIVENDHIRAN PILLAI EUGENE S. PINCKNEY, JR. MATTHEW LEE PINEGAR HEATHER G. PINSKY JACOB G. PIRANIO MARK J. PITLIANGAS DAVID J. PITTS MARCUS S. PIVEC SCOTT MARSHALL PLATOW CALEB J. PLETTS JASON S. PLOSCH RYAN S. PLOURDE ADAM J. POHL KEVIN J. POHL ROBERT FREDERICK POIESZ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.059 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4964 September 5, 2017 
LESLIE F. POINTON BILLY RAY POLLARD CHARLES E. POLLEY PHILLIP A. POLMONARI DANIEL SCOTT POOL CALEN E. POPE JAMIE MONTYL PORCHIA RAFAEL N. PORRAS JUDE ROMEL PORTER JEREMY A. POTTER CRAIG R. POULIN SETH N. POULSEN LEAH B. POUND JAMES W. POWELL JOHN T. POWERS MICHEAL E. POYE SHANE M. PRAISWATER ALEXANDER J. PRECELLA CHRISTOPHER T. PREM TIMOTHY RAY PRESTIDGE ROBERT WILLIAM PRESTON ALEXANDER C. PREVENDAR JEFFERY DUSTIN PRICE RYAN C. PRICE RYAN T. PRICE RYAN G. PRIDGIN BENJAMIN W. PRILL CHRISTINA M. PRINCE ELI N. PRINCE WILLIAM J. PRINGLE JOSHUA R. PRINT CRYSTAL L. PROVUNCHER MATTHEW P. PROVUNCHER JACOB E. PRUITT JASON G. PUKALO DANIEL WESLEY PURVIS JOHN K. QUACH BENJAMIN H. QUIGLEY JOHN PATRICK QUINN MARIA E. QUINN MICHAEL C. QUINN ROGER D. RABE JOHN M. RADER JOHNATHAN K. RADTKE BRIAN J. RAHL MICHAEL D. RAJCHEL BRYAN M. RALSTON JORGE L. RAMIREZ JUAN RAMIREZ IV MANUEL ANTONIO RAMIREZ, JR. BRETT ANTHONY RAMNARINE IKAIKA K. RAMOS VONDRAKE L. RAMOS BRANDES N. RAMSEY ROGER J. RAMSTAD NICHOLAS M. RAPP ANDREW JAMES RAST DAVID S. RATTE, JR. EVAN LEE RAULERSON BRANDON JEREL RAY JOHN F. RAYHO WILLIAM D. RAYMOND MARISSA C. REABE MICAH R. REDFIELD JOHN O. REED SPENCER D. REED JAMES ELLERY REEDER IV DANIELLE M. REESE MICHAEL J. REESE TRENTON C. REEVES ANDREW MICHAEL REHUREK RACHEL E. REHUREK JACOB A. REIGHTER BREON A. RELEFORD DANIEL R. REPKO MICHELLE A. REXFORD KAI A. REYES ROBERT M. REYNAUD CHRISTOPHER S. REYNOLDS COREY ALAN REYNOLDS DANIEL I. RICH IVAN A. RICHARDS AARON M. RICHARDSON JOHN A. RICHMOND MICHAEL P. RIDDICK ERIC J. RIETHMAN CHRISTOPHER B. RIGBY BRADLEY C. RIGG BENJAMIN A. RIGGLES JOSHUA LEE RIKER DREW M. RIMELSPACH CHRISTOPHER SCOTT RINAMAN ERIK T. RINGSTAD CHARLES F. RIORDAN LOGAN J. RIORDAN DANIEL A. RIOS LORINDA M. RISDON JOSEPH W. RITTER MICHAEL B. RIVERA KEITH D. RIZZA TAYLOR C. ROACH JUSTIN W. ROBERTS STEPHEN A. ROBERTS MICHAEL W. ROBERTSON JOSEPH B. ROBINSON PETER MELVYN ROBINSON ANTHONY R. ROCCO DEREK REGINALD RODGERSON ARMANDO R. RODRIGUEZ BRIANNA L. RODRIGUEZ DAVID G. RODRIGUEZ FREDDY RODRIGUEZ KAITLYN E. ROES ROBERT A. ROGERS JACOB L. ROHRBACH RAUL JOSE ROLDAN MICHELE MARIE ROLLINS FERNANDO ROLON JULIE A. ROLOSON CHRISTOPHER B. ROMANO LUIS D. ROSADOMEDINA JESSE B. ROSAL NATASHA I. ROSARIO ADAM C. ROSE ROASHELLE R. ROSE STEPHEN G. ROSE KRISTEN L. ROSENBERG JOSHUA NJORD ROSENCRANS MITCHELL T. ROSENTHAL ADAM C. ROSS BRIAN J. ROSS JUSTIN J. ROSS TANNER W. ROTH DAVID M. ROTHZEID MATTHEW J. ROUDEBUSH ZACHERY B. ROYCROFT CHAD R. RUDOLPH RUBEN ALEJANDRO RUIZ PEREZ JESSICA M. RUMORE TRAVIS W. RUSH GREGORY LYNN TIGNOR RUSHING MARK A. RUSSELL PAUL R. RUSSO MRYAMN L. RUTH RAEANNA ELMS RUTTER RYAN D. RUTTER MICHAEL C. RYAN GARRETT J. RYBAK KEVIN M. RYNBRANDT JORDAN P. RYSKAMP JOSEPH W. SABAT MATTHEW J. SABATINO JETHRO IAN NATIVIDAD SADORRA MARK D. SAFFOLD DAVID S. SALAS ANDREW A. SALEH REDA A. SALEM RAQUEL V. SALIM CHRISTOPHER E. SALTARES DANIEL J. SAMSON TYLER C. SANBORN AARON ANTHONY SANCHEZ RODRIGO SANCHEZ KYLE R. SANDERS JARED J. SANDSTROM JONATHAN R. SANKEY CHRISTOPHER J. SANTANGELO CLAUDIO V. SANTO STEPHEN J. SATAVA II MATTHEW V. SATYSHUR MOHAMED BASIR SAVAGE MELISSA A. SAWYER CHRISTOPHER J. SCHAEFER BRIAN C. SCHAF CHRISTOPHER SCHAFER JOSHUA B. SCHAFFER BENJAMIN D. SCHAFTEL BLAKE A. SCHAID MARTIN L. SCHIANO, JR. FRANK SCHIAVONE ALEXANDER J. SCHIEFFER BRENNAN S. SCHILPEROORT ANASTASIA D. SCHMIDT JEFFREY DANIEL SCHMIDT JONATHAN SCHMIDT GARRET J. SCHMITZ EDWARD CASPAR SCHNEIDER ERIC A. SCHNEIDER JAMES L. SCHNEIDER III JUSTIN THOMAS SCHNEIDER MATTHEW T. SCHNEIDER ADRIEL B. SCHOENHALS DAVID D. SCHOENHARDT KENNETH L. SCHOLZ CHRISTINE M. SCHUDROWITZ JUSTIN SCHULTZ DAVID C. SCHULWITZ CHRISTOPHER R. SCHUMACHER NANCY D. SCHWAB MICHAEL S. SCHWARTZ DANIEL R. SCOTT ERIC A. SCOTT JONATHAN DAVID SCOTT WILLIAM B. SCOTT ZACHARY J. SCOTT PAUL C. SEAL BRIAN THOMAS SEBOLD II BENJAMIN M. SECRIST BRADLEE N. SEEHAWER SHANE C. SEIBERT BRADLEY J. SEIFERT TIFFANY STARR SELLERS THOMAS DAVID SENA ANGEL E. SERNA RYAN M. SESODY MATTHEW A. SEVEY MARIO ANDRES SEVILLE COLLIN PATRICK SEXTON YVETTE RHEAMS SHACKELFORD AARON BLAKE SHANOR JOSHUA L. SHAW MICHAEL WILLIAM THOMAS SHEA ANDREW R. SHEBELUT PATRICK M. SHEEHAN DANIEL B. SHEETS JONATHAN EDWARD SHEPARD STACEY MARIE FAIRWEATHER SHERRILL THOMAS F. SHIELDS MARK J. SHIFFRIN JOHN A. SHINABERRY TIMOTHY A. SHIPE THEODORE C. SHIVELEY WILLIAM BRADLEY SHORT ROBERT H. SHULER TYLER F. SICKLES WILLIAM PATRICK SCOTT SIDES ZACHARY C. SIEBERS ALEXANDER MANUEL SIEG NATHAN F. SIEGEL ADAM M. SIEVERS CHRISTOPHER A. SIFUENTES RONNIE REYES SIFUENTES SCOTT B. SILER JEREMY J. SILKO EDWARD JOHN SILVA OLIVER E. SILVA JONATHAN D. SIMMONS KEVIN A. SIMONDS MITCHELL D. SIMONSEN ALEXANDER L. SIMPSON DAVID R. SIMPSON KYLE P. SIMS SEAN E. SINDLER WILLIAM P. SINGER MATTHEW W. SINGLE ALEXANDER A. SIRA JAMES JOSEPH SIX MARISSA R. SKIDMORE RYAN W. SKILLING JONATHAN L. SKINNER JOHN T. SKYPECK DANIEL R. SLAMAN MATTHEW W. SLAUGHTER ROBERT C. SLAUGHTER TRISTA DANIEL SMALENBERGER MATTHEW L. SMALL TODD V. SMALL JEREMY T. SMALLWOOD CASEY J. SMERGUT BENJAMIN L. SMITH BRANDON C. SMITH DAVID ALEXANDER SMITH DAVID S. SMITH DEREK M. SMITH GREGORY A. SMITH JAMES CHAD SMITH JASON M. SMITH JOHNNY C. SMITH KENDALL J. SMITH KYLE R. SMITH LOGAN JOSEPH SMITH MATTHEW D. SMITH MICHAEL D. SMITH NATHAN D. SMITH NATHANAEL M. SMITH REILLY A. SMITH ROBERT M. SMITH RYAN DEAN SMITH RYAN J. SMITH SCOTT G. SMITH TANNER V. SMITH ANDREW K. SMITHEY GARRETT A. SMITHHERNANDEZ PHILLIP B. SMOAK JOHN A. SMYRSKI KEVIN B. SMYTH JASON S. SNEDEKER ADAM SNELL ANDREW J. SNOW DAVID M. SNYDER JOSHUA W. SNYDER JUSTIN B. SNYDER KURTIS D. SNYDER, JR. JUSTIN J. SODERLUND KRISTOPHER M. SOUZA JAMES W. SOWELS III BRANDON J. SPADER NICKY HAMAYASU SPADER MARY CATHERINE SPAFFORD GARY S. SPANN BOBBY NEAL SPARKS JOSEPH R. SPEAKMAN NICHOLAS A. SPEAR RICHARD T. SPENCER JEFFREY R. SPINNEY JOSHUA M. SPLAWN GRAYDON M. SPONAUGLE SHERWIN J. ST PIERRE VICTOR L. STAFFORD WILLIAM J. STALEY, JR. MICHAEL L. STAMAT MARC R. STANCO RYAN J. STANFILL MICHAEL L. STANTON RICHARD P. STEAD DANIEL G. STEIN ADAM DAVID STEINMETZ RYAN M. STELLHORN JASON DAVID STEPHENS SCOTT P. STEPKO NATHANIEL STEWARD III ADAM J. STEWART BRIAN C. STEWART KYLE E. STEWART SEAN M. STEWART LEONARD DANIEL STIFFLEMIRE MATTHEW C. STILLMAN GREGORY L. STINE SHANNON M. STINEBURG MICHAEL L. STINSON ERIC RAY STODDARD ROY E. STONE GENE R. STRAND THOMAS R. STUART JAREEN D. STUBBS TYLER D. STUBBS DAVID J. STUCKENBERG DMITRIY STUPNIKOV DOUGLAS EDWARD STURM BRANDON J. SUAREZ KATHERINE J. SUHRHOFF 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.061 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4965 September 5, 2017 
DAVID P. SULLIVAN REBECCA E. SULLIVAN RYAN P. SULLIVAN CHRISTOPHER WILLIAM SUMMERS GREGORY M. SUNDBECK DUSTIN JAMES SURCEY JOHN W. SUTCLIFFE JASON W. SUTHERLIN IAN N. SUTTON MAEGAN A. SUTTON REBECCA LYNN SVAB JOSHUA EDWARD SWANN ANDREW S. SWANSON DAVID D. SWANSON LARS ERIK CHRISTIAN SWANSON NICHOLAS S. SWANSON MATTHEW S. SWARTZ JOSIAH S. SWIM WILLIAM R. SWINCONOS III BENJAMIN P. SWITZER MICHAEL ALEXANDER SWITZER MICHAEL F. SYDNEY, JR. AMANDA C. SZABOLCS CHRISTOPHER L. SZABOLCS WESLEY J. SZEMPRUCH MEADE JOJI TABATA JIMMY TANIS MATTHEW P. TANIS JOHN S. TANNEHILL BRIAN D. TAPP KAITLIN E. TARDIEU ADAM J. TARDIF SYBIL V. TAUNTON AARON J. TAYLOR BRANDON D. TAYLOR CHRISTOPHER R. TAYLOR KEVIN D. TAYLOR TYLER M. TEBBE MATTHEW S. TEMPIA CLAYTON S. TEN EYCK ADAM G. TERNS DAVID J. TERRY ALYSSA S. TETRAULT WILLIAM H. THEISNER ELIZABETH U. THEISS SUZANNE THIELE MATTHEW M. THIES DAVID A. THOMANDER ADAM J. THOMAS GRANT MICHAEL THOMAS KENNETH JAMES THOMAS NICHOLAS J. THOMAS ADAM W. THOMPSON DANIEL J. THOMPSON JARED J. THOMPSON JOHN J. THOMPSON LACEY L. THOMPSON CHRISTOPHER J. THOMSEN NICHOLAS P. THOMSON MICHAEL A. THORNBURY CHASE W. THORNTON DOUGLAS E. THORNTON JAY A. THORSTENSEN ZACHARIAH A. THULI JESSICA L. TIFFANY BRETT D. TILLMAN FRANK A. TIMOTHY CANDICE E. TINDALL ZACHARY R. TINDALL CAL W. TOERNER CLAY RAYMOND TOERNER MICHAEL C. TOLZIEN JONATHON B. TOMS CINDY M. TOPE EUGENE P. TORNOW DERRICK A. TORRES ERIK N. TOWAL BRIAN P. TOWNE COLE ROBERT TRAFTON QUANG C. TRAN CHRISTOPHER C. TRAVELSTEAD DAVID M. B. TRIER JOSHUA A. TRIMBLE TYLER NICKLAUS TRITZ MICHAEL E. TROTT JOHN R. TUCCIARONE JOSEPH KARIS TUCKER LANCE A. TUCKER RONALD E. TUGBY BRETT A. TUNING CALEB TYNES DAVIS B. ULM JONATHAN RYAN ULVEN ABRAHAM N. G. UMANAH CHRISTOPHER K. UMPHRES MELISSA D. URBANSKY MICHAEL THEODORE URBANSKY CANDICE J. URRUTIA JASON R. UTULO ZACHARY PAUL VALDEZ KELLY M. VAN GUNDY JASON D. VAN PARYS JOSEPH RALPH VAN VALEN III ZACHARY S. VAN VALKENBURG MATTHEW J. VANBAREN BRANDON W. VANDERSCHAAF JOHN BENNETT VANDERVOORT SCOTT JONATHAN VANOORT AJVISH VARATHARAJ CHRISTOPHER BRYANT VARNIER JASON K. VAUGHT CLAIRE A. VAZQUEZ JONATHAN E. VAZQUEZ KRISTIN L. VENTURA MONICA VERDOZA CLYDE LAWRENCE VICKERY, JR. JOSEPH ANDREW VIEGAS JARED A. VIETH REINIER T. VILLANUEVA MICHAEL J. VINACCO JOHN S. VINCENT JOSEPH F. VISALLI DEVIN A. VITT AARON L. VOGELER BRANDON D. VOGT DAVID J. VON ADELUNG JONATHAN VON AHNEN ADAM D. VRANEK DAVID F. WACLAWSKI BRADFORD WILLIAM WADE BRIAN JAMES WAGNER ELIZABETH R. WAGNER ERIC RANDOLPH WAHL RICHARD K. WAHL ANTHONY J. WALENZ MATTHEW S. WALKER NATHANAEL J. WALKER SANDRA WALKER CHARLES A. WALLACE ERIK L. WALLACE PATRICK J. WALSH ROBBIE L. WALSH KASIE K. WALTER BENJAMIN E. WALTERS WILLIAM D. WALTERS COURTNEY J. WALTMAN SEAN J. WALTMAN JOHN P. K. WALTON WILLIAM K. WAMSER DIMITRIUS B. WARD JAROD M. WARD CHAD J. WARNER DUSTIN C. WARNER STEPHEN D. WARNER TYLER JACOB WARREN BRIANNE L. WASHINGTON LEE E. WASHINGTON JONATHAN A. WATERLANDER CHERYL A. WATKINS BRENT L. WATSON MARK J. WATSON JASON T. WATTS RYAN KELLY WEAVER CHRISTOPHER C. WEBER JEFFREY S. WEGER MATTHEW D. WEINBERG DANIEL L. WELCH JONATHAN M. WELCH MATTHEW D. WELCH DANIEL J. WELSH JOHNROSS R. WENDLER CHARLES E. WENIGER BRIAN JOSEPH WENSEL TIFFANY LYNN WERNER TIMOTHY WILLARD WEST NIKITA DANIELLE WETHERBEE PHILIPE L. WHITE RYAN J. WHITE ROBERT M. WHITNEY DANIEL JAMES WHITZEL APRIL S. WIDMAN CHRISTOPHER G. WIEDENMANN BRENDAN K. WIER RYAN M. WIESE KARL J. WIEST BENJAMIN M. WIFORD TAYLOR R. WIGHT JOHN P. WILDER DAVID WEBSTER WILFONG, JR. TIMOTHY M. WILHELM WILLIAM C. WILKERSON WILLIAM C. WILKES ALEXANDER M. WILKIE CARLOS G. WILKINSON SYDNEY C. WILKINSON HERBERT T. WILLIAMS V JEREMY D. WILLIAMS JONATHAN R. WILLIAMS KRISTOPHER J. WILLIAMS ROSANNA M. WILLIAMS RYAN E. WILLIAMS SEAN A. WILLIAMS STERLING D. WILLIAMS COREY T. WILLINGER NELSON L. WILLINGHAM BRADLEY R. WILLS CRAIG E. WILLS II MITCHELL R. WILLS BRIAN T. WILSON MATTHIAS J. WILSON ROBERT D. WILSON TAYLOR M. WILSON SETH WING RACHAEL M. WINIECKI KYLE R. WINSETT DAVID E. WINSLOW KENNETH J. WINTERS MICHAEL S. WINTERS JASON T. WIRTH GREGORY M. WITZIG MARK J. WOJTOWICZ BRANDON S. WOLF ERIC T. WOLF NATHANIEL EARL WOLFE CHRISTOPHER A. WOLFF KELLY C. WOMBLE BENJAMIN S. WONG JONATHAN M. WONG TITUS D. WONG CHRISTOPHER M. WOOD MITCHELL RYAN WOOD ZACK R. WORD WILLIAM V. WORK BENJAMIN N. WORRALL BENJAMIN A. WRIGHT DANIEL A. WRIGHT LLOYD J. WRIGHT SAMUEL E. WRIGHT III TIMOTHY K. WU ANDREW D. WUEBOLD MARK WADE WULF MARK J. WULLSCHLEGER JEREMY N. WYATT DANIEL C. WYNN SEONGMIN YANG JAMES E. YARNELL MATTHEW H. YARRINGTON DON J. YATES PAUL WAYNE YEAGLEY CHRISTOPHER R. YOST CHRISTOPHER C. YOUNG PATRICK R. YOUNG STEVEN H. YOUNG ELIAS YOUSEFI DAVID J. YU JINKYONG YU SEAN ZABRISKIE RYAN D. ZACCAGNINI LINDSAY M. ZACK MATTHEW STEVEN ZALEWSKI JESSICA L. ZAMPARINI ROQUE ZARATE III DANIEL G. ZEDACK STEPHEN F. ZEGLEN KRISTEN M. ZEIGLER ANTHONY P. ZELASKO JOANNA J. ZEMEK PHILLIP A. ZENCEY CHASE A. ZICKEFOOSE FRANK W. ZIENTEK JOSEPH R. ZITO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
IAN S. ANDERSON BRIYITH K. AVALOS JACOB S. BAILEY KATHRYN L. BAKER CHRISTIAN E. BANASKY JEREMY JAMES BARNETT NATHANIEL MASON BEATY CHAD A. BECHTLE BENJAMIN R. BEIDEL CARL EDWARD BEMIS MOSSAAB BENHAMMOU DOUGLAS W. BENNETT KIMBERLY BERTRAND CHARITY D. BOLLING KEVIN C. BOURNE CORY A. BRIGGS AMBER F. BRITT JONATHAN E. BROWN JUSTIN M. BRUBAKER LANDRUS BURRESS BLAKE D. CALLENDER DENISE E. CAMPBELL CANDRA RENEE CASE BRETT A. CHRISTY MOLLY E. CLARK REBEKHA L. COLLINS CLINTON S. COMER ADAM COOMBER ADAM KENT COOPER CALLIE J. COOPER BRANDEN R. CROCKETT NED B. CROFTS BENJAMIN I. CRUZ JAIME B. DEL RIO ADAM D. DELL JAMIE L. DELUCA WILLIAM H. DIAMOND, JR. BRADLEY R. DISPENSE ANDREW N. DUNKLE EZEKIEL J. DURAN MAGGIE L. DUTCHER AMANDA SIMMONS DUTY EILEEN J. EBENGER BRADLEY M. ERVIN RACHEL E. ESTRADA KAYLAEN D. EVANS DANIELA F. FELDHAUSEN STEDVEN LIEBEN K. FELICIANO ABBY DIEHL FIELDS JORDAN A. FIELDS DANIEL R. GALLE IAN N. GASPAR GAEL H. GAUTHIER JUSTIN S. GLEED DOMINIQUE D. GOUGIS AMANDA KANWISCHER GUTIERREZ NADIA HALIM JASON DANIEL HAMILTON AMMON J. HARDY LANDON L. HATFIELD PHILLIP E. HOYT SARA G. HUTCHINS FREDERICK D. HUTCHISON VICKY INTHAVONG JASON J. JACOBSEN KRYSTELLE JEANMICHEL TRYPHENA H. JENKINS DANAE A. JOHNSON MELANIE M. JOHNSON ROBERT D. JOHNSTON EDWARD C. JONES ROBERT B. JUSTINIANO RYAN J. KALPINSKI BRENDA K. KELLER 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.062 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4966 September 5, 2017 
SARAH E. KERCHER JEWEARLY S. KHO BROOKE R. KIBEL HEATHER R. KINCAIDE LINDI K. KIRKLAND STACY N. KNUTSON ALEXANDER KRYVENIA KATIE L. LAM NATHAN A. LEY JAMIE K. LONGMIRE PHILLIP M. LOPEZ ADRIAN N. MARRERO LAUREN K. MATTHEWS BRITTANY E. MCCRIGHT ANDREW J. METELKO DAVID S. J. MILLAY JASON K. MITCHELL JAMES D. MONAGHAN JOCELYN T. MOORE HEATHER L. MORRIS PATRICK S. MORRIS KATHERINE M. MURPHY SIMON N. MURPHY ERIC J. NOLL RYAN S. OGILVY SAMUEL D. OLDHAM RACHAEL M. OLMSTEAD VIDALIA OWENS ALEXANDER S. PATLOVANY CODY W. PETERSON LAUREN K. PFENDLER CAROLYN R. PRICE MOORE JOSHUA A. RACKLEY STEVEN RAMOS ERIK N. RINGDAHL WILLIAM C. ROASA MARCIA P. ROBINSON ROGELIO RODRIGUEZ HOLLY R. ROLLINS CHAD A. ROUNDS ANDREA E. RUSSELL AMIT P. SAINI JAMES A. SALAS BRANDY E. SANDE MARION V. SANDERS VANESSA F. SCHEIRER DANIELLE J. SCHUSTER MIESHA R. SHEFFEY JOSHUA D. SHUMWAY STEPHEN A. SMITH TIMOTHY J. SMITH DAVID L. SNOWDEN ALLISON M. STEPHENS KRISTOFFER T. SURDUKOWSKI JENNIFER M. SWANN ELIZABETH A. TESCH JOSHUA J. TURNER COLE F. VANICEK SARA R. VENA EMANUEL J. VONDRAN KEVIN T. WAICEKAUSKAS TERRANCE L. WALKER SAMANTHA M. WARREN KATHLEEN L. WATTS ERIC L. WEATHERHOLT EANAH MAURAYAH WHALEY JOANNA E. WIESE MATTHEW K. WILLIAMS RAMONE A. WILLIAMS PAUL A. WILLIAMSON BURKE R. WILSON ANGELICA C. WORSHAM CHEN YANG GREGORY S. YOUTZ JOAN DIAZ ZUNIGA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JENNIFER L. BAKER JON E. BLACK BRIAN R. BLANCHARD MAJELLA G. BROWN RYAN L. BUHITE EDGAR G. CADUA BRUCE W. CALLAHAN PATRICK A. CUTTER JARED H. DAHLE LUANNE DANES RYAN C. DANLEY JAMES W. DAVIS TIMOTHY J. DAVIS JAMES C. ENDERBY EMILY F. ESCHBACHER HEATHER WINFREE FENZL JOEL T. FOSTER JONATHAN D. FRANK SAUL J. FREEDMAN DANIELLE E. GALT ERIC A. GREEN JENNIFER BRADLEY HARWARD GRETCHEN L. HAYWOOD THOMAS J. HEIER KYLIE C. HESTER CRAIG A. HOLDER LISA M. HOYT DAVID R. JARNOT JENNIFER N. JOHNSON AARON W. LAMBERT TAK L. LI TODD A. LIGMAN JUSTIN D. LUSK LANCE M. MABRY ISAIAH D. MANIGAULT TRACY L. MARKLE JESSICA M. MELCHIOR DANIEL B. MICHEL PAUL R. NELSON MATTHEW K. NIELSEN ROBERT V. NIEWOONDER KRIS A. OSTROWSKI ALICIA OTTATI ELISHA N. PARKHILL CHRISTINA PEACE KERRY A. PHELAN JUSTIN E. SANDHOLM ERNEST L. SCOTT STEPHEN M. STOUDER MARC P. SYLVANDER APRIL J. TAYLOR ANDREW J. WAGNER DORIAN R. WILLIAMS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be colonel 
DANE V. CAMPBELL MAUREEN A. FARRELL WILLIAM R. HURTLE DEREK J. LARBIE JASON J. LENNEN CHRISTIAN L. LYONS TIFFANY JAYNE REITNAUER MORGAN BRIAN T. MUSSELMAN SHANNON L. PHARES DARREN P. RHOTON JAMES E. SHIELDS JULIA N. SUNDSTROM DAVID C. WALMSLEY RICHARD L. WOODRUFF, JR. 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
DERRICK C. LONG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
NATALIE E. VANATTA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JOHN F. LOPES THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
TERRANCE R. LATSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
ASHLEY R. SELLERS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
TRISTAN D. HARRINGTON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
ELIAS M. CHELALA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
ROBERT P. L. BAILEY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
MARIAH C. SMITH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
MARK W. CANARY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
DAVID E. MEACHER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
CHRISTOPHER D. MCDEVITT THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: To be colonel 
BRUCE M. COCCOLI ROBERT D. FENTON, JR. JAMES C. FOWLER MICHAEL T. FOWLER JAMES B. HAYNIE EDWARD K. KOLEDO GREGORY O. OLSON SCOTT J. SHERIDAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY AS CHAPLAINS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
THOMAS A. BROOKS HARRY E. BYRD, JR. SUSAN D. CASWELL DAVID P. CURLIN DONALD W. EHRKE PAUL D. FRITTS ALFRED C. GRONDSKI, JR. JAMES P. HALL DANIEL W. HARDIN LOREN B. HUTSELL ALAN M. IRIZARRY JAMES D. KEY HYEONJOONG KIM SCOTT B. KOEMAN CHARLES H. LAHMON MONICA R. LAWSON TIMOTHY E. MARACLE JEFFREY T. MCKINNEY DAVID W. MEYER DEREK W. MURRAY MASAKI NAKAZONO SHINRI M. NISHIMURA BRIAN G. PALMER JAMES PEAK SEAN A. PHILLIPS TOMMIE L. PICKENS STEPHEN PRATEL, SR. ANTHONY P. RANDALL BRIAN D. REED KENNETH C. SHARPE HENRY C. SOUSSAN JEFFREY T. VAN NESS GEORGE L. WALLACE SANG J. WON D012739 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
EDWARD A. JARRETT CASEY T. SCHOBER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
CURTIS J. ALLEN PATRICK G. BALASTA ANDREW C. BISCHOFF TODD W. BLANCHETTE JOHN L. CIESCO SAMUEL B. CLARK DAVID H. COWAN DAVID M. HARTMAN CAMILLE N. MORGAN ABOUBAKAR N. NGOUCHEMA CHRISTOPHER S. PELTON MICHAEL A. POLLOCK SUAREZ J. REYES PAMELA R. ROBINSON ENGLEBERT Q. ROY RANDY L. SHIELDS TIMOTHY E. SHILES ANA M. STROBBE BRADLEY A. WRIGHT 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JASON A. TEWS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
CHRISTOPHER P. CARROLL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
GABRIEL PEREZ ERIC R. TRUEMPER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
ANTON A. ADAM 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.064 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4967 September 5, 2017 
HELENA M. ATKINS JUSTIN L. BENNETT VERONICA BENNETT BRIAN M. BIEBER TERI A. BOLINSKY GARRETT E. BOND ERIK J. BRACELAND JOSEPH C. BREWEN STEVEN F. M. BRIGGS MATTHEW G. CARROLL PAUL E. CHAPMAN BENJAMIN M. CHIME, JR. JAMES P. CONKLIN GALE A. COOK III ADAM C. COOMBS DAVID P. COUCHMAN CHRISTOPHER T. CROMIE PAUL C. DAMORE CONNOR R. DARR ROBERT J. DOGGETT, JR. JAMES R. DONAHUE GIBB A. H. DUNGEY CAPREECE M. DUNKLIN AUSTIN D. FOLSTER JIMMY A. FOSTER, JR. SHANNA M. GAINER HONORATO B. GAMBOA III KENDRICK R. GARRETT DAVID K. GIBSON JEFFREY E. GOOD CHRISTIAN A. C. GRAU CHEA V. HALEHERNANDEZ WESLEY Y. HAN JOSHUA R. HART CASEY J. HEBERT BRYCE B. HICKS MELISSA A. HILLMAN BENJAMIN E. B. HIXSON JASON D. HOUSE EDWIN F. JIMENEZ AMANDA M. JONES KORY D. KREBS MACDONALD A. LARYEA ADAM W. LAWRENCE DALE P. LESSNER TAISHAN LIN VINCENT J. LINLEY GEROME A. LOPEZ JUAN A. LUEVANO ARNOLD M. LUMINARIAS TU K. LUONG NICHOLAS C. MADER ZACHARY C. MANRIQUEZ TUCKER H. MCKENNEY DANILO MEULENER, JR. BRIJ MOHAN MABI S. MORGAN KATHRYN L. NEWSOM DANIEL A. NIN TABITHA V. NOEL CHRISTOPHER T. NORMAN TYLER S. ORDWAY LAUREN E. PETERS JASON A. PIRRALLO THOMAS T. POE CHRISTY F. RIEGER ELLIOT W. RILEY PAVEENA RITTHAWORN CLIFFORD S. RIVERA JUAN C. SANCHEZ ROBERT J. SCHMERMUND JOSHUA R. SHIVER MARIA C. SIERRA AARON K. SMITH JAMES M. STEELE AERRICK L. STEINWAND KENNETH D. SWING, JR. WIN THAW JASON E. THOMAS JUSTIN C. TINSLEY RICHARD K. TISDALE JOSE J. P. TOBIAS ALESSANDRO F. TORNATORE LONG K. TRAN ANTHONY C. URECH JULIO A. VARGAS CHASE A. VIZZIER CALLAN T. WALSH ASHLY L. WISNIEWSKI YING P. ZHONG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
ADRIENNE T. BENTON JUSTIN P. BERNARD LARRY J. BRANT JOHNATHAN R. BUSH KEITH M. CARTER PON CHANTHAPHON HYLANIE K. CHANWILLIAMS DANIEL E. CLARK KAELAN F. CLAY MARK C. COOK ROBERT L. CRABB CHARLES R. FERGUSON TRAVIS J. GARDNER BENTON L. GARRETT STEPHEN T. GRIFFIN ROBERT O. GUILLIAMS KEVIN L. JOHNSON TRENTEN W. LONG CHAD C. MCCAIN ERIC J. MELVIN TIMOTHY J. MILLER MICHAEL J. MONROIG DRU A. NELSON JOHN W. POTTER MATTHEW A. RILEY JONATHAN D. ROZENDAAL JEREMY C. SELITTO JOSHUA A. SHERWIN ANTHONY D. STALLINGS CHRISTOPHER J. SUTTON JOHN W. TARR JASON P. ULVEN AARON R. WESSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant commander 
SALAHHUDIN A. ADENKHALIF ANGEL AVILES JOSHUA L. BAKER CLAYTON B. BEAME MICHAEL A. BERL STEVEN R. BISCHAK DEREK M. BOOGAART JOHN A. BRAYMAN DANIEL J. BROWN KRISTAL A. BROWN ELISE M. CHAPDELAINE LIWEI CHEN NATHAN V. CHENARAK CARL J. CLEMENCICH III SETH D. COCHRAN CRAIG L. CULBERTSON JOHN F. DALY III LEONARD W. DENNIS IV RICHARD DIAZ MATTHEW R. EVANS CHRISTOPHER S. FAIRFIELD JI L. FREDRIKSEN KENNETH GARCIA BRANDON O. GOSCH RONDAL W. HALE LAWRENCE D. HALL ERIC R. HOWER KEVIN J. KACZMARSKI RENEKIA M. KESLAR JOHN L. KIMMEL CLINTON B. LAWSON SAMUEL M. LEE YIU B. LEE CHRISTOPHER C. LINCK RYAN D. LIVINGSTON CAROLINE N. MAYER KAREN E. MCALLISTER JULIE M. MILLER INARAQUEL MIRANDAVARGAS ETHAN T. MOECKL STEPHEN E. MOYER JUSTUS K. OCONNOR ANDREW J. PETRALIA HENRY POLLOCKMARIEN SONNY D. ROWLAND HERIBERTO SANCHEZRIVERA MICHAEL L. SAPIENZA KYLE M. SCHLAIS JOSHUA M. SHARP PETER A. SMAGUR SARAH K. URSETTI TOMMY L. VAUGHN II CALVIN J. WARREN RYAN M. WHITE VICTOR T. F. WONG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
SANTIAGO A. ABADAM II STEPHANIE A. ADAMS DIANA V. AN NNEOMA G. ANYANWU ADAM L. ARROGANTE COURTNEY J. BAILEY GRAEME A. BANNERMAN RAMNEL E. BARCENAS SUNNY C. BARTHOLOMEW TODD A. BATTEAU SHEREE L. BLACKWELL TIMOTHY W. BORING LINDSEY H. BOYD WHITNEY W. BROCK CORNELIUS L. BROTHERS AARON S. CAGLEY JONATHAN R. CARMACK CHRISTINA W. CARTER MEISHA V. CAUDLE VALENTIN CHAPA III WENDY S. CHOATE NATALIE A. CLAYPOOL MARK S. CRIDER CARI D. CROSS EMILY N. CROWELL SHAWN K. CROWTHER DANIELLE R. CURTIS STEPHANIE D. DANIELS ERICA M. DIAMOND ALAINA M. DOWNEY DARCY M. DUNLAP ADAM R. EATON LAURI A. ELROD KELLY L. ELSEA ANGELA M. EVANS ERIC J. FOSTER DANIEL GARCIA, JR. CODY R. GREMORE SHANNON W. GRIFFITHS SARAH M. GUTIERREZ TIFFANY L. HARRIMAN CHRISTOPHER M. HAUSVIK MICHAEL L. HEIMES SARAH J. HERVEY CARL S. HILL LORELEI M. HUGHES SEAN A. HUTCHISON AMANDA M. JACK JAMES F. JEFF III CHRISTOPHER A. JOHNSON DAVID V. JOHNSON JOSHUA E. JONES MARC W. JUAREZ THOMAS R. KASTER ANGELITA S. KISENA HENRY J. LANG MICHAEL P. LANIER KATHRYN R. LYNN ANGUS J. MACDONALD RICKSON H. MADLANGBAYAN LINDSEY J. MANKO RUBEN V. MARTINEZ CYNTHIA P. MATTERS MERIAM V. MAYS ALEXIS K. MCDERMOTT KARA MCDOWELL JAMES E. MCLAMB NATALIE M. MILLS KELLY P. MINOR CEDRICK T. MITCHELL LEWIS L. MONROE TALITHA R. MOTON REBECCA R. NEUHART ELSPETH L. PHILLIPS CHRISTINA L. PINKSTON DAVID E. POTTER QUINN C. RICHARDS ASHLEY O. ROBERTSON SARAH L. ROGERS MICHAEL A. RUTLAND JEFFREY S. SAMUELS TRENT M. SASSMAN ANNA S. SCHLENKER MEGEN J. SCOTT JOSEPH J. SHANNON PATRICIA H. SMITH TRAVIS W. STOREY KAMI R. TABOR PAUL M. V. TANJUTCO III KIMBERLY A. TOZER LISA F. L. UMPA NICHOLAS J. WALKER RYAN E. WALTER LYNEISE K. WATSON ERIN P. WEBB KATHRYN I. M. WEISS TODD R. WENTZ KEITH A. WEST JESSICA L. B. WHELPLEY JULIAN L. WILCOX TSION Y. WILLIAMS LELA J. WILSONHAMMEL STEPHEN J. WILTSHIRE CARYN A. WOMBLE LARRY J. YATCHAK STACEY L. YON JAIME M. YORK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant commander 
SARAH A. AGUERO MARYAM B. AUSTIN JAMES M. BELFORTI ZACHARY P. BRANCH WILLIAM B. BURROUGHS JENNIFER M. BUYSKE JAMES D. CARSON LAUREN M. CHERRY NAKKU CHUNG BARBARA J. COLBERG CHRISTIAN L. COLBURN JOHN T. COLE SARAH E. CUMMINGS GREGORY E. DIXON SARAH R. DORSETT BENJAMIN E. DOSKOCIL HANNAH F. EAVES BRIGHAM B. FUGAL ELAN R. W. GHAZAL DENNIS E. HARBIN JONATHAN M. HAWKINS ERIN T. JANOFSKI EILEEN M. JOY MAREN A. KAISER ELIZABETH K. KIESSLING JESSICA E. KONINGISOR PAUL S. LAPLANTE KEVIN R. LARSON MAURA K. LEARY ANDREA M. LOGAN JOEY A. LONJERS THOMAS M. LOPEZ KEVIN M. LOUGHMAN GENEVIEVE P. LOUTINSKY ALEXANDRA E. MARIN AARON E. MARTIN ROBERT A. MCRIGHT JACOB E. MEUSCH ROBERT J. MILLER ALEXANDRA NICA DOUGLAS R. OTTENWESS INGRID E. PAIGE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.066 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES4968 September 5, 2017 
CHAO PAN CARINA M. PODGORSKI LISA M. REDMOND EMMA E. ROBERTSON SCOTT J. UPRIGHT TRACY L. WALLER DENNIS E. WESTMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JOKO A. ABUBAKAR JAMES L. ALLEN MELISSA F. AMESCUA PETER E. ANGELL NOAH M. APUSEN RYAN J. AYLSWORTH JOANNA L. BABBITT ROBERT Y. BARRAGAN II ROBERT A. BARTHOLOMEW DALE M. BAUMBACH, JR. LANCE A. BEAHM CHRISTOPHER M. BEAUMONT ANDREW S. BENSON DANETT K. BISHOP CHRISTINA M. BOLOGNA BROOK M. BORDEN LAUREN C. BROWN SARAH V. BROWNING ROBERT S. BRYSON LUCRECHA D. CALLEANCE MELANIE C. CARMODY CONTRILLUS D. CARTER CHERIE L. CHENAULT ALLISON A. CLARK STEPHEN W. CONE SERGIO J. CORONEL, JR. ANNA C. CROSBY ANNE M. DASILVA AMANDA N. DILLINGER JEFFREY J. DIXON AARON D. ECKARD WILLIAM T. EICKMEYER MILES A. ERWIN EPHRAIM C. ESCOBAR JACQUELINE M. EVANS MICHAEL D. EVANS STANLEY FAVARD JESSICA O. L. FORDE JONATHAN J. FOWLER MANUEL A. C. GONZALEZ KRISTA L. GREENE WILLIAM L. GRISHAM JEREMY G. GRISWOLD YEN C. GUCKEYSON GREGORY A. HALOL GARRET T. HAND JULIA L. HARDYCARR TIMOTHY E. HARMON ERICA R. HARRIS JACOB G. HASTY GRISELDA E. HAYWOOD CYNTHIA R. HIERS CARRIE J. HOBBY SHERRILL D. HOCKENBERRY ROBERT D. HONTZ NATHANIEL R. HYDES FELTONIA M. JAMES MARKELLY JEANPIERRE KAMILAH M. JOHNSON GENNELL M. KIDDER JOSHUA A. KNAPP KARLA L. T. KRASNOSELSKY JOSEPH F. LABARBERA DAVID K. LANE RYAN T. LARSON TODD C. LEROUX TRACY M. LEWIS ASHLYN LOBENBERG JEFFREY S. MAGONE KRYSTAL N. MARTIN MATTHEW R. MARTIN DUSTY S. MATTHEWS SAMUEL V. MENDOZA CALVIN P. MILLER MICHELLE C. MILLER MATTHEW J. MONTGOMERY JEFFERSON M. MOODY LAURA E. MOODY TYRONE NAGAPOOLLAY REGINALD K. NG JOHN C. NORTH AARON M. OMLOR MERRICK S. PETTEBONE ELIZABETH J. PLOWMAN RAYMOND POSEY, JR. CARL A. POWELL JAMES B. POWELL ADAM M. PRESTON NORMA C. QUICHIZJUDD ROBERT R. RAMIREZ REBECCA C. RAUSA CARRIE N. RAYMOND JAMES M. REGEIMBAL, JR. BRIAN T. REYNOLDS MAILE L. RICHERT EVAN N. ROMRELL ANNA L. ROSENDAHL DAVID ROZOVSKI BRIDGET I. RUIZ WILLIAM J. RUPPEL, JR. KRISTEN M. RUSCIO CAMILLE P. RYANS TRISTA J. RYNO JOSEPH M. SANK DAVID W. SATTERTHWAITE DANIEL L. SCHEELER SONNY L. SHOTWELL CASSIE T. SIPE ANTHONY M. SKRYPEK II BENJAMIN H. SMITH CHRISTOPHER J. SOWERS PETER J. SPRENGER LANCE STEPHENS LINDSEY A. STOIL AARON J. STOLL MASHIANA L. SUTTON MELINDA D. SWAYNE JASON SWITZER CARLO J. TRAVERSO RICARDO M. TUBBS DANIEL H. WEDEMAN, JR. DAVID M. WOLFE YUI Y. WONG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
BROOKE T. AHLSTROM HIROYA AKO MICHAEL J. BATCHELLER MATHEW R. BURDICK KEVIN J. BURNS CHARLIE E. CAGE DERRICK C. CALL TERESA A. CAPRISTO JUSTIN J. P. CARL DENISE CHIU JEFFREY M. CLARK MARK J. DEROCHER JESSICA R. DILLON KIM T. DO JAMES S. FELIZ KOBY R. FERGUSON TYLER J. FINLAYSON ALYSE D. FLEMING TYLER P. FLEMING DANIEL L. FORBES STEPHEN W. GEORGE JENNIFER C. GRIFFETH ELIZABETH A. GRIFFIS ASHLEY N. HARLEY DUSTIN B. HAUPT AMIE M. HEIM RYAN A. HERSHEY RYAN C. HOLMES TIMOTHY W. HOWARTH FRANCIS IM PHILLIP A. JENKINS TYLER R. JOHANSEN RYAN Y. KANG JOSHUA C. KATS INGA M. KEITHLY ELIZABETH A. KLANDERMAN JONATHAN J. KOLON MOLLY E. KOPACZ CHRISTIAN P. LARES GRANT R. LAYTON KY T. LE JAMES G. LINKOUS MISHA F. LOCKEY DANIELLE M. MARQUIS RODNEY D. MARTIN TORI A. MAYWALT CHRISTOPHER J. MCLELLAN P. J. MERRELL EZRA I. MERRITT ROBIN C. NEAL JONATHAN B. NEGRON MANDY M. OLSON JUSTIN C. ORR CHRISTOPHER R. ORTIZ JUSTIN G. PAGE SETH L. PERRINS ELIZABETH A. POLAK YAMEL A. RAMIREZ STEVEN R. RASSI EBONY D. REED EDMOND REXHA OMEED A. REZAIETIRABADI SAMUEL I. RICHARDS KEVIN W. RYAN RICHARD E. SAWAYA MATTHEW E. SEEDALL THOMAS C. SEO MATTHEW G. SHERBAN SABRINA J. SINCERESOMBIE EMILY M. SUMMERLIN KEENAN S. SUMMERLIN BRENT A. TIBBET CHRISTOPHER M. TULLY JOHN H. UPTON III DIANE T. L. VO JEREMY D. WANO MARK C. WARNER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
MIGUEL M. ALAMPAY MATTHEW J. ALLRED AMANDA C. ANTONIO DYLAN C. ARNOLD MICHAEL R. AUSTIN JOSEPH T. AZZARELLO OLEG BALTER WILLIAM E. BARBER HELEN M. BARNHART NICOLE J. BEHM AARON BERNADETTE JOSHUA Z. BLOOMBERG JACQUES M. BOUCHARD JASON M. BOWIE GREGORY E. BOWLIN CHRISTOPHER T. BOYER DANIEL S. BRENNAN MICHELLE C. BRENNER ALYSON J. BRINKER AMBER L. BRITTAIN LEITH I. BROWN NATHANIEL A. BROWN AMANDA E. BUCKNUM AI H. T. BUI KENNETH L. BULL BRIAN J. BURKE EVAN R. R. BUTLIN JOSEPH A. CAHILL HARRY F. CALISCH III CARLOS H. CASAMALHUAPA BIANCA K. CHUN SEAMUS M. COBB MAXWELL I. COOPER BRANDON M. COSTELLO GREGORY R. CZAJA AARON A. DALEY DANIEL J. DESANTIS SARAH M. DOLAN MICHAEL M. DORE JACOB L. N. DUONG THEODORA C. DWORAK LAUREN K. EHRLICHMAN CHRISTA A. EICKHOFF JEFFREY C. EICKHOFF KRYSTIN A. ENGELHARDT SHAMIS FALLAH DAVID A. FEAKER, JR. MICHAEL J. FEDEWA, JR. ROBERT L. FENEQUITO ROBERT D. FILLER MICHAEL T. FINNERN, JR. LAURA M. FLUKE CRAIG R. FOLSOM BRIAN S. FORD ANDREW J. FRISKI JOEL A. FULKERSON MELISSA R. GARCIA MICHAEL C. GARDNER JASON M. GARTON JAIME P. GASTWIRT MEGHAN E. GINN SARAH C. GODWIN JENNIFER F. GREGORY DANIEL W. GRIFFIN FELIPE H. GRIMALDO CHARLES L. GROOMES IV DARREN M. C. HALL JOYCE N. HALL MATTHEW T. HALL MICHAEL C. HANN JOSEPH P. HAPPEL JASON M. HARDWICK DAVID M. HARRIS KYLE M. HARVEY RICHARD J. HEROLD SERGIO HICKEY BRANDON L. HILL DAVID H. HILL KRISTIN A. HINE ISAAC ILAOA CATHERINE K. IMES SYLVESTER C. IZAH MARICELA JACOBORUBIO STEPHEN D. JASZKOWIAK JEPTHA T. JOHNSON CHRISTIE A. JOYA RYAN E. KACHUR JASON A. KAISER ALEXANDER F. KELLEY MATTHEW W. KELLY RICHARD A. KEMP JEREMY R. KENISON BRIAN J. KENNERLEY ELIZABETH D. KERR DANIEL KIM THOMAS B. KINER BRADLEY J. KINNEY ERIC J. KOCH KRISTA K. KOCH JENNIFER L. KUTCHER SEBASTIAN W. LARA DEREK T. LARSON PAUL R. LEWIS II JOHN F. LINABURY EMILY B. LIPSKY ANDREW T. LOOMIS MICHAEL J. LUCA, JR. ERIC M. LUEHRS DONOVAN L. MABE JOSHUA W. MAJOR SAMUEL A. MALUIL BRITTANY B. MARSHALL JILL K. MARTINI JONATHAN A. MAYHEW TARA C. MCCLUSKEY DEBRA L. MCKEE BRIAN E. MCKINNEY KENNETH D. MCMANUS NICHOLAS J. MICHOLS ROXANNE C. MICKELSON RYAN J. MIKAC BENJAMIN T. MILLER ALAN R. MINER CESAR R. MOJICAVAZQUEZ JEFFREY R. MOORE JOHN B. MOORE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.067 S05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S4969 September 5, 2017 
NATHAN A. MOSS KENNETH R. MOTOYAMA PAUL A. MOULLET CHRISTOPHER J. MULLIN JENNA N. NADOLSKY EDDIE E. NANCE SEAN L. NARDI MARY A. NELSON JOHN J. NEVIN JANET M. NUNN ROBERT M. OBRYAN ROBERT J. OLEJNIK ADAM J. OLEWNIK JENNIFER L. OTTINO MARY S. PADEN ERIC A. PASMAN RAYMON A. PATRON ANDREW S. PETERS PHILIP D. PETERSON GIBRAN J. PIERLUISSIJOVET JULIE R. POLONCZYK CHAD R. PUSATERI ROBERT M. PUTKO CHRISTOPHER H. RENNINGER JEFFREY M. RICE JANELLE K. RILEY TYRONE L. ROBINSON REBECCA J. ROHRER NICHOLAS J. ROHRHOFF JOHN W. ROMAN FRANCES L. ROSARIO PHILIP A. ROTHBERG JIN O. SANDBERG DANIEL P. SANFORD ALIYE Z. SANOU SAMEER K. SAXENA STACEY S. SCHMIEDECKE ISAAC E. SCHWARTZ SAJEEWANE M. SEALES SARAH A. D. SEBBY MENA A. SHAKER SWAPNIL SHARMA BRENNAN J. SHUTT EDMUND J. SIEBEL JESSICA J. SIERZCHULA SEAN M. SIMMONS ANTHONY J. SKINNER MEGAN E. SKINNER SHAWN A. SLAYTON RYAN L. SLOAD ANDREW B. SMITH RUTH E. SMITH KATHERINE A. SNYDER JOANNE D. SO RYAN D. STANCIL JUSTIN M. STARK SHARON K. STORTZ DAVID S. STRICKLAND HALEY T. STRICKLAND ANDREW J. SULLIVAN JOSHUA C. TATUM RYAN N. K. TENOLD CRAIG A. THOMAS KATIE L. TOPPING ANNA M. TORGESON BRIAN D. TRAN JAN M. VANGENT DOMINIC L. VANNIELEN MATTHEW C. VASQUEZ CAREY B. VINCENT BENJAMIN S. VIPLER JOHN D. WAGNER SCOTT A. WALLACE MARGARET H. WALTERS JASON M. WANG JASON C. WHITE RUSSELL P. WIER KENNETH R. WILLAERT BENJAMIN B. WILLIAMSON CLAY T. WINKLER MARK W. WIRTZ KATHRYN R. WOLF ANDREA C. WURZER SAMIRA ZAMANI ASHLEY L. ZANDER ZACHARY A. ZANFES IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
MEGAN L. BUSTIN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
ROBERT M. BARCLAY 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTER-NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT TO BE A FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CONSULAR OFFICER, AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: MICHAEL ASHKOURI, OF VIRGINIA JILL JUPITER–JONES, OF MARYLAND JOHN H. PIGGOTT, OF VIRGINIA JEFFRIES BLUNT DE GRAFFENRIED, JR., OF FLORIDA OMAR ROBLES, OF CALIFORNIA 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate September 05, 2017: 
THE JUDICIARY  
TIMOTHY J. KELLY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE DIS-TRICT OF COLUMBIA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:58 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A05SE6.069 S05SEPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1155 September 5, 2017 
RETIREMENT OF REVEREND PHARIS D. EVANS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I take this time to recog-nize and honor Reverend Pharis D. Evans and to wish him well upon his retirement as Pastor of Clark Road Missionary Baptist Church in Gary, Indiana. For his 56 years of service and devotion to his congregation and to the com-munity in Gary and beyond, Reverend Evans is to be highly commended. In his honor, two special worship services are being held at the church on Sunday, October 8, 2017 and Octo-ber 15, 2017. In addition, a celebratory retire-ment banquet will take place at the Gary Gen-esis Convention Center on Friday, October 13, 2017. Pharis Evans graduated from Haywood High School in Brownsville, Tennessee. As a young boy, his passion for theology grew from the church services he attended, and he knew early on that he was destined to be a preach-er. He studied theology at Chicago Baptist In-stitute and continued his studies at Calumet College of Saint Joseph in Whiting. It was on the first Sunday in April 1961, when Pharis D. Evans was first selected to lead Clark Road Missionary Baptist Church. For the past 55 years, he has administered spiritual guidance to a congregation that presently serves more than 800 parishioners. Pastor Evans’s impact through his spiritual teaching has been im-measurable, and those he has mentored can all attest to his generous nature. Throughout the years, he has been a tireless advocate for his church and the community. Since 1963, Pastor Evans has coordinated and maintained Radio Broadcast Outreach Ministry. From 2009 to the present, he has also served as ‘‘Spiritual Advisor’’ for the Baptist Ministers Conference of Gary and Vicinity, and in 2008, he was awarded the prestigious community service Drum Major Award by the Gary Fron-tiers Service Club. Additionally, Pastor Evans has served as President and Vice President of the Progressive National Baptist Convention for the state of Indiana and been a chaplain for the Gary Police Department. A passionate and proven leader, Pastor Evans has provided counsel for many young ministers in search of guidance and direction. For his selfless devo-tion to aiding those in need of spiritual guid-ance, Pastor Evans is to be commended. Reverend Evans’s exceptional dedication to the church and to his community is exceeded only by his devotion to his wonderful family. He and his beloved late wife, Ann, raised five wonderful children (one deceased). Reverend Evans is also a devoted grandfather and great-grandfather. I am privileged to call Pastor Evans my friend. More importantly, Reverend Pharis D. Evans has been a friend to all, the epitome of what we consider a Man of God. He is a man of service who has led a life we should all seek to emulate. His vision, his work, and his spirit have provided all of us with a guide to an improved and gentler future. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in congratu-lating Pastor Evans on his retirement as Pas-tor of Clark Road Missionary Baptist Church. His fifty-six years of complete dedication, lead-ership, and selfless service to others is truly inspiring. I ask that you join me in congratu-lating him and wishing him well upon his re-tirement. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 2ND ANNUAL NICK’S RIDE FOR HEAL 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 2nd annual Nick’s Ride for the Her-oin Epidemic Action League (HEAL) of Ca-yuga County. The Heroin Epidemic Action League is a local organization in Cayuga County whose mission is to promote awareness of the deadly dangers of heroin and drug addiction. In its second year, Nick’s Ride for HEAL honors the life of Nick Campagnola, who lost his struggle with heroin addiction in December 2015 at the young age of 20. The motorcycle ride and block party sup-ports the important efforts of HEAL, including providing a meeting space for those struggling with addiction, funding Nick’s Underdog Schol-arships, and supporting other organizations with complementary missions. I am proud to recognize the important ef-forts of the Heroin Epidemic Action League of Cayuga County to combat the heroin and syn-thetic drug epidemic that is plaguing Central New York and the rest of the country. By re-membering Nick Campagnola with this out-standing community event, it is my hope that we can one day put an end to this deadly epi-demic. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE BOWDEN CENTER DEDICATION 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the dedication of the Bowden Cen-ter in Keller, Texas on Sunday, August 20, 2017. This space was generously donated by Don Bowden and the late Linda Bowden, and now is operated by the Greater Keller Wom-en’s Club Foundation. The Bowden Center is an event space that will allow local charities and schools to hold functions, as well as host weddings and other social gatherings. All profits from the Bowden Center will go to the Greater Keller Women’s Club Foundation, which will direct the funds back into the com-munity through charities the club supports. Through the generosity of the Bowdens, the Greater Keller Women’s Club Foundation will have sustained opportunities to enrich the Kel-ler community. This building and its dedication pay tribute to Linda Bowden, a very special leader in our Keller community, who passed away in May 2017. This building honors her legacy, and fur-thers her life work of giving back to others. From her years at the PTA to this year, she never stopped seeking out ways to help oth-ers. The dedication of this space is a fitting tribute to thank Linda Bowden for her gen-erosity, not just with the new Bowden Center, but all she did for the people in Keller, Texas. We are grateful to Don and Linda Bowden, and look forward to using this space to honor their spirit of generosity and further support the good work achieved by the Greater Keller Women’s Club Foundation. f 
COMMEMORATING THE 150TH ANNI-VERSARY OF ST. JOSEPH’S CATHOLIC CHURCH 
HON. WARREN DAVIDSON 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I recognize and celebrate the 150th Anniversary of St. Joseph’s Catholic Church. St. Joseph’s Catholic Church is the oldest Catholic parish in the city of Hamilton, Ohio and has served as a uniting force in the com-munity since its founding. In the 1800s, Ohio was home to many German and British Catho-lics who sought refuge in America after having fled religious persecution in Europe. Due to differences in their national origin and their language, English and German Catholics at-tended separate services. At the time of its founding in 1867, the church was known as a ‘‘German Catholic Church,’’ but through shared faith and the passing of time, these dif-ferences faded. St. Joseph’s Catholic Church continues to be a pillar of the community as a school, com-munity center, and as a place of worship. Today, St. Joseph’s Catholic Church stands as a testament to the uniting power of faith in our communities both historically and in the present. I applaud St. Joseph’s Catholic Church for its 150 years of service to Ham-ilton, Ohio. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K05SE8.002 E05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1156 September 5, 2017 
LIFETIME ACHIEVEMENT AWARD FOR DR. VIDYA KORA 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with sin-cere admiration that I recognize the Indian Medical Association of Northwest Indiana, which will host its 36th Annual Gala on Satur-day, September 9, 2017, at the Halls of Saint George in Schererville, Indiana. The Indian Medical Association of Northwest Indiana has always been an outstanding asset to North-west Indiana. Its members have dedicated themselves to providing quality medical serv-ices to the residents of Northwest Indiana while focusing on compassion for others, im-proving patient care, and lighting the way for change. At this year’s Annual Gala, the Indian Med-ical Association will present the Lifetime Achievement Award to one of Northwest Indi-ana’s finest citizens, and my good friend, Dr. Vidya Kora. For his outstanding contributions to his community, he is to be commended. As a young boy in India, Vidya Kora’s pas-sion for his field emerged, leading him toward a lifetime of service in the medical community. It was after completing his studies at Gandhi Medical School in Hyderabad, India, in 1978, that Dr. Kora came to the United States. He completed his internship at Edgewater Hos-pital and Medical Center in Chicago, followed by his residency in internal medicine at Chi-cago’s Cook County Hospital. Dr. Kora was selected to serve as chief resident from Janu-ary to July of 1986. Upon completion, he joined the team at the Marion VA Medical Center in Marion, Illinois, where he served our nation’s veterans. Dr. Kora’s remarkable re´sume´reflects not only his profession but also his devotion to public service. As a member of the Indiana Medical Association, he has served on its Commission on Legislation, as both Vice- Speaker and Speaker of its House of Dele-gates, and as the President of the Indiana State Medical Association from 2006 to 2007. He is also a current delegate to the American Medical Association. A tireless advocate for the improvement of his community, Dr. Kora is also a board member for Unity Foundation of LaPorte County and chairs the Northern Indi-ana Regional Board of the Franciscan Alli-ance. He has further served the residents of Michigan City and LaPorte County in numer-ous capacities. He has been a board member for the Michigan City Area Schools and served two terms as LaPorte County Coroner, while also completing two terms as LaPorte County Democratic Chairman. Dr. Kora has continued to seek an improved quality of life for his com-munity while in his second term as LaPorte County Commissioner. As a public servant, Dr. Kora has always sought the betterment of our nation’s health care system, so it is no surprise that he is also very active in the American Medical Association and Board of Indiana Medicine’s political action committees. Dr. Kora’s passion for medicine and commit-ment to the people he serves is exceeded only by his devotion to his wonderful family. Dr. Kora and his loving wife, Sudha, have one daughter, Shilpa, and one son, Rishi, both of whom are physicians specializing in internal medicine and have made their parents very proud as they follow in their father’s footsteps. Dr. Kora is committed to his family, to im-proving the lives of the patients he treats, and serving selflessly to enhance the quality of life of all those who live in Northwest Indiana. His is a life we should all seek to emulate. It is an honor to call Dr. Vidya Kora my friend. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in com-mending the members of the Indian Medical Association of Northwest Indiana, as well as this year’s Lifetime Achievement Award recipi-ent, Dr. Vidya Kora, for their outstanding con-tributions to the medical field, as well as to their communities and beyond. Their unwaver-ing commitment to improving the quality of life for the people of Northwest Indiana and throughout the United States is truly inspira-tional, and I am proud to serve as their rep-resentative in Washington, D.C. 
f 
IN HONOR OF SIRVART HOVNANIAN ON THE OCCASION OF THE 30TH ANNIVERSARY OF SAINT STEPANOS ARMENIAN AP-OSTOLIC CHURCH 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, it is my privi-lege to recognize Sirvart Hovnanian as she is honored by Saint Stepanos Armenian Apos-tolic Church in Elberon, New Jersey with an award to be presented by His Eminence Arch-bishop Khajag Barsamian. I would also like to join with the Saint Stepanos parish in com-memorating the 30th anniversary of the church and marking the 60th anniversary of the for-mation of the Armenian parish in Elberon. The Saint Mary Church parish in Elberon began 60 years ago, with 25 members wor-shiping during summer services. As the Arme-nian population in the area continued to grow, Kevork and Sirvart Hovnanian saw a need for a larger and rejuvenated place of worship. Born of the vision and philanthropic support of the Hovnanians, Saint Stepanos Armenian Ap-ostolic Church stands on the site of the former Saint Mary Church. Saint Stepanos was con-secrated on June 14, 1987 and the church hall was named ‘‘Kevork and Sirvart Hovnanian Hall’’ in honor of the benefactors. Sirvart Hovnanian is a beloved mother, grandmother and great-grandmother and car-ries on the philanthropic spirit she shared with her husband. Sirvart, along with her late hus-band, has always recognized the meaning of generosity and has spent her life working to make a difference in the world. An esteemed member of the Armenian community and a passionate philanthropist, Sirvart has been a supporter and partner in the many charitable endeavors undertaken along with her late hus-band, including the establishment of The Fund for Armenian Relief following the country’s 1988 earthquake, the building of the Alton A. Hovnanian Emergency Care Center at River-view Medical Center, and the donation of the K. Hovnanian Children’s Hospital at Jersey Shore University Medical Center, among many others. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope that my col-leagues will join me in recognizing Saint Stepanos Armenian Apostolic Church, the Ar-menian parish of Elberon and Sirvart Hovnanian for their continued support of the Armenian people and culture. I know that I join with all who know Sirvart in expressing my sincere gratitude for her warm and giving na-ture and her immeasurable contributions to our community. f 
HONORING MS. DOROTHY SHIELDS 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and achievements of Ms. Doro-thy Shields who was a tireless advocate for the community of Red Hook, Brooklyn. As a resident and community advocate, Ms. Shields played numerous roles in bettering the lives of Red Hook’s citizens. As Resident As-sociation President of Red Hook Houses East for 37 years, she was a voice for tenants’ rights and many of the most vulnerable com-munity members. As an advocate for commu-nity development and job creation, Ms. Shields was instrumental in luring new businesses to Red Hook. Ms. Shields was also a dedicated public servant who spent time working for the New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA) as a community service aide and for the New York City Board of Education as a paraprofessional. The mother of six children, all of whom at-tended school in Red Hook, Ms. Shields passed along values of public service to her children, who went on to work in city services including NYCHA and the New York City Po-lice Department. We mourn her passing and cherish her legacy. 
f 
HONORING COACH ROBERT HUGHES’ NAISMITH MEMORIAL BASKETBALL HALL OF FAME IN-DUCTION 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Robert Hughes, local Fort Worth legend, for helping to bridge the divide of the segregated basketball community in Texas and for his commitment to developing all-star athletes on and off the court. Robert Hughes was born May 15, 1928 as the youngest of five brothers. A phenomenal man who served our country during the Ko-rean War, Coach Hughes is widely recognized for his successful basketball career. Hughes played college basketball at Texas Southern University. In 1955, he was drafted to the Bos-ton Celtics, but instead played for the Harlem Magicians. During his time with the Harlem Magicians, Coach Hughes ruptured his Achil-les tendon and began his legendary coaching career. From 1958 to 1973, Hughes coached the then-segregated Fort Worth I.M. Terrell High School basketball team, with an astonishing record of 378–84. The I.M. Terrell team played in the Prairie View Interscholastic League 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K05SE8.003 E05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1157 September 5, 2017 
(PVIL). Hughes won three PVIL champion-ships and placed second during two more tournaments during his time at Terrell. When public schools desegregated in 1973, I.M. Terrell was closed and Hughes forged an im-pressive career at Fort Worth Dunbar High School. Coach Hughes remained at Fort Worth Dun-bar until he retired in 2005 with an astonishing overall career record of 1,333–264. He had the most wins in the entire nation until recently when Coach Leta Andrews surpassed his record. During his 47 seasons at Dunbar, Coach Hughes led his teams to victory while also transforming the lives of thousands of students. As a coach, he broke the racial di-vide and bridged the gap between commu-nities. For 50 years, the Southwest Con-ference denied entry to African-American high school athletes. Coach Hughes navigated around the prejudiced policies and created re-lationships with the Big Ten, Pacific 8 and Missouri Valley Conferences so that all of his players could be offered the same opportuni-ties as their white counterparts. In February 2015, Coach Hughes’ career was commemorated in a feature-length docu-mentary about his career called ‘‘Relentless’’. The film captured the accomplishments of Hughes and his impact on the Texas basket-ball community. Today, we recognize Robert Hughes for his induction into the Naismith Memorial Basket-ball Hall of Fame in Springfield, Massachu-setts. Coach Hughes will join the more than three hundred inductees in the Naismith Me-morial Basketball Hall of Fame and finally in-ducted during the weekend of September 7, 2017. I honor Coach Robert Hughes, a pillar of the Fort Worth and Texas athletic community. 
f 
IN HONOR OF RUTH HYMAN 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, it is my privi-lege to recognize Ruth Hyman, who was re-cently honored by Congregation Brothers of Israel in Long Branch, New Jersey for her contributions to the synagogue and the greater community. Throughout Ms. Hyman’s long and vibrant life, she has maintained her mission to serve the community. Her work and generosity have been recognized by many awards and tributes over the years and it is my honor to join with Congregation Brothers of Israel in lauding her achievements and philanthropy. The daughter of Ida and David Hyman who were founding members of Congregation Brothers of Israel, Ruth Hyman has a strong connection to the synagogue and remains an active member. Ms. Hyman’s commitment to the Jewish community extends beyond Con-gregation Brothers of lsrael with her support of Hadassah, the Jewish Community Center, Jewish Family and Children’s Service and the Visiting Nurse Association Health Group’s Ju-daic pastoral care hospice program, among many others. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope my colleagues will join me in thanking Ruth Hyman for her immeasurable contributions to the community. Ms. Hyman’s tireless efforts and dedication to philanthropy are truly deserving of this body’s recognition. f 
RETIREMENT OF MR. MARCUS W. MALCZEWSKI, SR. 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I take this time to recog-nize Mr. Marcus W. Malczewski, Sr. and to wish him well upon his retirement from his po-sition as Lake County Highway Super-intendent. Mr. Malczewski’s fifty-five years of service to the people of Lake County are to be commended. In honor of Marcus’s lifetime of service, a surprise retirement celebration was held on Thursday, August 31, 2017, at Gamba Ristorante in Merrillville, Indiana. Marcus W. Malczewski was born in 1937 and raised in Gary, Indiana. After graduating from high school, he worked in construction in Alaska, which had not yet obtained its state-hood. Marc went on to attend Indiana Univer-sity before beginning his career as a driver for the Lake County Highway Department in 1962. Two years later, he transferred to the engineering department. In 1982, Marc was appointed assistant superintendent, a position he held until 1993, before being named super-intendent of the Lake County Highway Depart-ment. Throughout his remarkable fifty-five-year ca-reer, Marc has been an outstanding leader and helped build an economy in Northwest In-diana. Among his many accomplishments, Marc directed the repair and improvement of more than 1,000 miles of roads and over 100 bridges. Throughout the years, Mr. Malczewski worked to ensure a safe work environment, providing a plethora of assistance for all high-way employees. Given his concerns for em-ployee safety and to maximize their efficiency, Marc developed and implemented a program designed to test the skills of drivers and oper-ators. Also, he oversaw the installation of GPS systems in all department automobiles, trucks, and powered equipment. He continued to im-plement new products and techniques for maintenance and construction and developed a positive relationship between the highway department and other county agencies. For his unwavering dedication to public service, Marcus Malczewski is worthy of the highest praise. Marc’s excellence in his field is exceeded only by his devotion to his amazing family. He and his beloved late wife, Marilyn, have three wonderful children, seven grandchildren, and three adoring great-grandchildren, with three more on the way. I am honored to call Marc Malczewski my friend. We should all be blessed with such wonderful friendships. More importantly, Marc has been a friend to all, a gentleman in the truest sense of that word, and the epitome of a public servant. His is a life we should all seek to emulate. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other col-leagues to join me in honoring Marcus W. Malczewski, Sr. for his lifetime of leadership and service to the community. His fifty-five years of exceptional devotion and continuous efforts to improve the quality of life for the residents of Lake County is truly admirable. I ask that you join me in congratulating him and wishing him well upon his retirement. f 
IN HONOR OF KENDRA LEE MURRAY ADAMS 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Kendra Lee Murray Adams, who passed away on July 30, 2017 at the age of 39, following a brave battle with cancer. Originally from Pennsylvania, Kendra attended Gettysburg College, where she majored in po-litical science. Upon graduation, her passion for politics brought her to Washington, D.C. and placed her on a bright and fulfilling career path. I am speaking today because I had the good fortune of being a stop along that path. Kendra served as my scheduler and office manager when I first came to Congress in 2005. I’ve had many fine and dedicated staff members during my time in public service, and Kendra stands out among them. At a time when I was learning the protocols and proce-dure of this great institution, this blonde bomb-shell immersed herself in the details, and in many ways, was the heart of the operation. She embodied the essence of grace under fire, there was no need, demand, or logistical crisis that could ruffle her feathers. She would simply execute and make the whole process look effortless. That, in and of itself, was exemplary. But Kendra was integral to our office family be-yond that. She was a den mother of sorts on one hand, and she was our comedic relief and levity on the other. She was the kind of person one comes to rely on not only professionally, but also to sooth the soul. She left my office to work for my friend and colleague, the leg-endary Charlie Rangel, when he served as Chair of the Committee on Ways and Means, and I know he joins me in saluting the public service, and indeed the life, of Kendra Adams, who was taken from us, far too soon. Kendra was a privilege to know, a fantastic and dedicated worker with a terrific heart, whether serving with Horton’s kids or just helping a friend through a tough time. Whether you knew her for years or just met her, you got the best of her from minute one. In words written before her death, Kendra urged those she loved to not mourn but rather to ‘‘live life, go to the beach, go rock climbing, and skydiving. Do the things you want to do!’’ That exemplifies her spirit, her courage, and her life. My heart, prayers, and condolences go out to Kendra’s family, including her son, daugh-ter, husband, father and sister, who were her pride and greatest joy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A05SE8.003 E05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1158 September 5, 2017 
HONORING SAMUEL HUGH MATTHEWS 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor long-time newspaper editor and community member, Samuel Hugh Matthews, who announced his retirement after more than 60 years of service. After serving in the United States Army, Mr. Matthews devoted himself to a career in the newspaper business. He started at the Tracy Press in 1957 and quickly became co-pub-lisher in 1964, transitioning to editor in 1967. When it was sold to Golden State Publishing Co. in 2012, Sam remained on staff as a col-umnist and reporter. His extensive commit-ment to reporting in his community and his de-vout integrity made him fundamental to the success of the Tracy Press. Throughout Sam’s years of accomplish-ments and experiences, he has had the loving support of his wife, children, and grand-children. In addition, Mr. Matthews has been recognized numerous times, both locally and statewide, for his service and philanthropy. During his career, Sam displayed an avid commitment to his community through various positions in local activities and newspaper or-ganizations. His unwavering dedication to the community extends beyond his impressive news career and his work as a civic servant. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and commending Samuel Hugh Matthews for his many years of service, devotion, and out-standing contributions to his community. We wish him continued success in his retirement. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF NEW ORLEANS FIRE DEPART-MENT OPERATOR GREGORY J. HOWARD, SR. 
HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of New Orleans Fire Department Operator Gregory ‘‘G’’ Jo-seph Howard, Sr., a New Orleans, Louisiana native, who passed away on August 26, 2017 at the age of 36. Mr. Howard was born on October 20, 1980 in New Orleans, Louisiana. He was raised in the 7th Ward and graduated from Sarah T. Reed High School in 1999. He was a nine year veteran of the New Orleans Fire Depart-ment. He spent most of his career with the fire department at the Engine 6 station on Old Gentilly Road, in the Desire neighborhood. Mr. Howard went to Memphis, Tennessee, with his colleagues, to compete in the Mem-phis Finest Hoops Fest basketball tournament for first responders and law enforcement. While out with some of his colleagues after the first set of games, Mr. Howard was struck by a stray bullet and died instantly. Mr. Howard loved the city and the people of New Orleans. His legacy will forever be a part of the city and his dedication to community embodies the spirit of New Orleans. We can-not match the sacrifices made by Mr. Howard, but surely we can try to match his sense of service. We cannot match his courage, but we can strive to match his devotion. Operator Gregory ‘‘G’’ Joseph Howard, Sr. survivors include his wife Dominique Howard, two sons: Gregory J. Howard, Jr. and Dillion J. Howard; his parents: June Howard and Gregory Newman, Sr., his sister Brittney How-ard, a host of siblings, aunts, uncles, cousins, nieces, nephews, and friends. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the life and legacy of Operator Gregory ‘‘G’’ Joseph Howard, Sr. a beloved husband, father, and son. f 
GRADUATE FEEDER SCHOLARS PROGRAM 
HON. AL LAWSON, JR. 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, many students have the aspiration to further their education with graduate school, but do not have the means to enroll. Florida A&M Univer-sity provides qualified students with an oppor-tunity to further their education through-the Graduate Feeder Scholars Program (GFSP). The success of the Graduate Feeder Schol-ars Program has enabled Florida A&M Univer-sity to lead the nation’s Historically Black Col-leges and Universities (HBCUs) in the number of students who acquire post-graduate de-grees. The program is celebrating 30 years of ex-cellence at this year’s 2017 Graduate Feeder Scholars Conference, which will take place Wednesday, September 6 through Friday, September 8, on FAMU’s campus. I would like to commend everyone who has worked tire-lessly and diligently in making sure our chil-dren have the opportunity to pursue their dreams and advance their education. It is time to expand the Feeder Scholars program to more HBCU’s and I know Florida A&M is ready to assist in the process. I am proud to support this wonderful pro-gram and acknowledge Florida A&M’s hard work over the years. Again, congratulations on 30 successful years and to many more to come. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF MARKTOWN 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and admiration that I recognize the 100th anniversary of the historic neighbor-hood of Marktown in East Chicago, Indiana. In honor of this special occasion, the Marktown Centennial Celebration was held at the Marktown Community Center Park on August 19, 2017. Events included a remarkable ex-hibit, ‘‘Marktown—The First 100 Years,’’ as well as a walking tour of this noteworthy com-munity. In 1917, Marktown was constructed by Clay-ton Mark and designed in the English Tudor Revival style by renowned architect Howard Van Doren Shaw. The neighborhood was built as a planned housing community for the peo-ple who worked at Mark Manufacturing, one of the first mills along Indiana’s shoreline. Marktown is largely known for its distinctive design in which the cars are parked on the sidewalks and the streets are purposed for pe-destrian walkways. While only part of the origi-nal design was built, the community met the needs of the American workforce and their families in the Indiana Harbor. The concept of Marktown is truly innovative and a shining ex-ample of American ingenuity in the early part of the 20th century. In 1975, the community was added to the National Register of Historic Places, capturing Marktown’s historical and cultural significance from the industrial growth period in the Calumet Region. The importance of the Marktown neighborhood contributes to the history and culture of Northwest Indiana and our nation. Today, the residents of Marktown, as well as the members of the Marktown Preservation Society and its president, Paul Myers, focus their efforts upon the preservation of the his-toric homes in this community. The people who live in Marktown today are very proud and protective of their neighborhood. Many of the residents descend from generations of family members who grew up in Marktown, and they continue to fight for the restoration and preservation of this unique community. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other distin-guished colleagues to join me in honoring and congratulating the historic neighborhood of Marktown on the occasion of its 100th anni-versary. The Marktown historic community is a significant piece of the region’s past and will always be remembered and admired. The commitment to preservation and the unwaver-ing dedication of the Marktown residents and members of the Marktown Preservation Soci-ety, and Paul Myers are truly admirable, and they are worthy of the highest praise. f 
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO AMEND THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 TO DESIGNATE THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA AS AN EMPOWERMENT ZONE 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce a bill to instruct the Secretary of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development to deem areas within the District of Columbia as empowerment zones. This bill would effectively reauthorize the tax incentives for business investment in the Dis-trict, which expired in 2011, yet are timelier than ever today. These were the only tax in-centives for a big city that were not extended, even though they were initially created by Re-publicans, with a few Democrats. The wisdom of these bipartisan, modest, targeted tax in-centives has been amply and visibly dem-onstrated in the economic resurgence in many parts of the nation’s capital. However, the D.C. tax incentives were cut off before the poorest neighborhoods were ready to make use of them. Congress has recognized that the benefits of incentives for investment in economically 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05SE8.006 E05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1159 September 5, 2017 
distressed communities outweigh their costs as it has continually extended the national em-powerment zone program. The positive effects of the D.C. tax incentives are apparent throughout the city. Among the most visible are the vibrant area around the Verizon Cen-ter, which is now surrounded by offices, res-taurants and nightlife, and the Penn Quarter neighborhood, which had limited residential, commercial, and retail spaces and is now a popular mixed-use neighborhood. Before the business tax incentives, the city found it dif-ficult to retain, much less attract, businesses. However, one of the business tax incentives enabled the city government to issue more than $155 million in tax-exempt bonds on be-half of for-profit and non-profit entities for cap-ital projects. The federal government’s decision to build facilities in the District’s poorest ward, Ward 8, lays the groundwork for revitalization there. The new headquarters for the U.S. Coast Guard is now open in Southeast D.C. in the city’s lowest income ward, the first in a com-plex of buildings Congress has authorized for the federally-owned West Campus of the St. Elizabeths Hospital. The tax incentives, par-ticularly in areas where the federal govern-ment is expanding, as it did in NoMa, have demonstrated that they can revitalize such neighborhoods. Withdrawing the D.C. incen-tives, particularly after they had proven to be effective in other areas of the city, left the na-tion’s capital with essentially half of a revival, and was tragically timed just as the lower-in-come parts of the District, which need the in-centives most, are ready for redevelopment. Except for having no representation in the Senate, there is no good reason why the D.C. tax incentives were not extended like those of similar cities. Like the fiscal health of many other cities, the District’s overall fiscal health has improved since the tax incentives were established in 1997, but not in the poorest wards and in neighborhood pockets else-where. The incentives are particularly indis-pensable for ensuring that lower-income areas of the city are part of the city’s economic progress. It would be tragic to continue to sin-gle out the nation’s capital as the only em-powerment zone not to be renewed just as the eastern, low-income sections of the city are about to develop. As essential as the federal incentives have been, their costs have been de minimis compared to the measurable bene-fits they have demonstrated they can gen-erate. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
f 
SIXTH MOUNT ZION BAPTIST CHURCH SESQUICENTENNIAL 
HON. A. DONALD McEACHIN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, Sixth Mount Zion Baptist Church was founded in 1867 by the Reverend John Jasper in an abandoned confederate horse stable on Brown’s Island, along the shores of the James River. Credited as the first church in Richmond organized by an African-American preacher, it relocated to its current space in downtown Richmond in 1869. Jasper’s charismatic ministry drew increas-ingly large crowds, and his sermon ‘‘De Sun Do Move’’ became well-known both in the United States and internationally. His speaking talents and powerful faith brought flocks of black and white Richmonders alike to the church, listening and celebrating together. Six more pastors have led Sixth Mount Zion during its long history, including Dr. Augustus Walter who served for over forty-three years until his death in 1967. Greatly admired for his leadership and faithful dedication, Dr. Walter was instrumental in defending the church from destruction when Interstate 95 was built in downtown Richmond in 1957. Sixth Mount Zion is one of the nation’s pio-neers in the field of religious historic preserva-tion, and opened its John Jasper Memorial Room and Museum in January 1926. It con-tains bibles, books, paintings, clothing, cere-monial artifacts, and furniture from the church’s rich history. Among these items are a golden bust of Jasper made in 1904, a rare stone from Mount Zion in Jerusalem, and a quilt commemorating the church’s 130th anni-versary. The Commonwealth of Virginia has recog-nized the church’s rich history with two high-way markers—one at the church site and an-other in Fluvanna County near John Jasper’s birthplace. Residing within the historic Jackson Ward District, the church is listed on the Na-tional Register of Historic Places and the Vir-ginia Landmarks Register. In 2004, the Rich-mond City Council honored the church with a special designation as a local ‘‘historic district’ encompassing the 3 acres of land on which it stands, the only black church in Richmond to receive this distinction. For 150 years, Sixth Mount Zion Baptist Church has been a central institution in Rich-mond and Virginia, supporting its members and the wider community through growth and hardship. It has addressed the social concerns of the city’s residents, and was one of the first black churches to have an organized charity with a staff social worker to administer to the indigent of the city. It continues to assist indi-viduals and families with the resources nec-essary to overcome obstacles that prevent them from achieving personal, social, and eco-nomic goals. f 
JOSEPH R. D’ARCO 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to call to your attention the outstanding achieve-ments of Joseph R. D’Arco, whose family and friends celebrated his 80th birthday on August 31, 2017. Joseph R. D’Arco was born on August 31, 1937, at Passaic General Hospital. As a child, he was raised in Clifton’s Historic Botany Vil-lage and attended the Clifton Public Schools. In 1957, Joseph volunteered to join the U.S. Army. He was honorably discharged in 1959. In 1961, Joseph joined the Clifton Fire De-partment. For the first half of Joseph’s fire ca-reer, he graciously worked two jobs in order to provide for his four sons-Joseph, Michael, Ste-ven, and David—to have the opportunity to at-tend private schools. During his 34-year jour-ney with the Department, Joseph ascended through the ranks, and inspired many people, earning him the Clifton Jaycees’ Fireman of the Year Award. During his tenure as Deputy Chief, Joseph served as the Department’s Ad-ministrative Officer, his first assignment away from the streets of Clifton. Joseph represented Clifton with Passaic County’s Mutual Aid and was additionally an instructor at the Passaic County Fire Academy. Joseph always kept the best interest of his men and the department in mind, which gained him the respect of his men and city officials. During his working term with the Clifton Fire Department, Joseph received his Bachelors of Fire Science from Jersey City State College. Furthermore, he taught as an Adjunct Pro-fessor of Fire Science at Passaic County Community College to give back to the edu-cational forum. One of the greatest examples of Joseph’s passion for ensuring the safety of our public servicemen is advocating for legislation that would allow E.M.T.s the use of portable defibrillation units. This piece of legislation passed, allowing the use of these units to be-come widespread throughout the state and now the country. The passing of this legisla-tion has significantly helped save countless lives, which is ultimately Joseph’s foremost concern. Joseph and his wife, Patricia, currently re-side in St. Lucie, Florida. Even during his re-tirement, Joseph continues his service for his community, remaining an active life member of the New Jersey State Firemen’s Mutual Be-nevolent Association, as well as the Clifton Firemen’s Mutual Benevolent Association. Jo-seph is also notably a member of both the Board of Directors for Deborah Heart and Lung Center since 1995, and the Deborah Hospital Foundation Board of Directors since 2002. He has continued to be a conscientious advocate for healthcare, spreading the word of Deborah’s cardiac testing for First Respond-ers, an initiative of ‘‘A Gift from Captain Buscio’’ program. The job of a United States Congressman in-volves much that is rewarding, yet nothing compares to recognizing and commemorating individuals who have dedicated their lives to serving the people. Joseph’s commitment to public service is truly commendable. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our col-leagues to celebrate the 80th birthday of Jo-seph R. D’Arco, in which we can appreciate his accomplishments. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 120TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE HAMLINE CHURCH DINING HALL 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 120th Anniversary of the Hamline United Methodist Church Dining Hall at the Minnesota State Fair. As one of the nation’s oldest state fairs, and the largest state fair by attendance, Min-nesota’s ‘‘Great Get-Together’’ attracts nearly 2 million people each year over its annual 12- day run. Over the years, countless fairgoers have satisfied their hunger for good food and fellowship at the Hamline United Methodist Church Dining Hall. The 2017 fair, which just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05SE8.009 E05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1160 September 5, 2017 
wrapped up yesterday, marked a truly special milestone for the dining hall. Beginning in 1897, a group of women from the Hamline Methodist Episcopal Church La-dies Aid Society decided to raise money for their congregation by hopping in the back of a church member’s coal wagon and heading to the Minnesota State Fair to sell sandwiches they had made in their basement. Thus began a great ritual of feeding fairgoers that has con-tinued through two World Wars, the Great De-pression, and dramatic demographic changes in Minnesota. Throughout its 120 years, Hamline Meth-odist Church has served meals from various locations on the fairgrounds. Its current home site was purchased from the East Immanuel Norwegian Evangelical Church of Saint Paul in 1944. That building was replaced by the cur-rent building in 1968, with an addition added in 1983 to accommodate its increasing popu-larity. While the physical venue of the dining hall has changed over the years, the heart of the operation has remained its volunteers. Every year more than 60 volunteer servers and food prep workers a day fill over 700 shifts. There, they prepare and serve its signature Hamline Ham Loaf, Swedish Meatballs, famous break-fasts, and bottomless cups of coffee. Delicious food has brought together generations of Min-nesotans and other visitors from across the country. It also helped to fund reconstruction of the Church’s sanctuary on Englewood Ave-nue in Saint Paul, after a Christmastime fire destroyed it in 1925. The dining hall remains popular with fairgoers because it offers a place to take a break, sit down, and use real silverware and a plate rather than just food on a stick. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing this proud Minnesota State Fair tradition. I wish the congregation of Hamline United Methodist Church all the best as they plan for the next 120 years of hospitality at the Hamline United Methodist Church Dining Hall. 
f 
HONORING CAPTAIN RICHARD A. KIBBEY AND THE AIRMEN ABOARD THE JOLLEY GREEN 05 
HON. BILL POSEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. POSEY. Mr. Speaker, to recognize POW/MIA Day, on September 15, 2017, the Department of the Air Force, 920th Rescue Squadron, will honor the life and sacrifices of Captain Richard A. Kibbey, MIA, by presenting his Dog Tags to his surviving family at Patrick Air Force Base in Cocoa Beach, FL. Captain Kibbey was one of four aircrew members aboard the HH–3E helicopter, call sign JOLLEY GREEN 05, on a mission to res-cue downed pilot Captain Lucius L. Heiskell. On February 6, 1967, despite poor weather and limited visibility, Kibbey and his crew suc-ceeded in picking up Captain Heiskell, but they were hit repeatedly by 37mm AAA fire. The burning HH–3E flew for about a mile be-fore colliding head-on with a limestone cliff. Of the five men aboard JOLLEY GREEN 05, only one survived—pararescueman Dwayne Hackney, who was found after the in-cident. The other four airmen were designated as Missing in Action: Major Patrick H. Wood, pilot, MIA; Captain Richard A. Kibbey, copilot, MIA; SSgt Donald J. Hall, flight engineer, MIA; and Captain Lucius L. Heiskell, 0–1F pilot, MIA. Although the four men were carried in MIA status for some years, an Air Force review board ultimately determined that all available evidence indicated that they had died in the crash. Captain Kibbey’s Dog Tags were re-cently discovered near the accident site by a local farmer and were transferred to the U.S. authorities. Captain Kibbey and the crew of the JOLLY GREEN 05, including Captain Heiskell, laid their lives down on the altar of freedom for the benefit of our nation and our way of life. Post-humously, for his actions, Captain Kibbey was promoted to Colonel and awarded the Silver Star and the Purple Heart. On behalf of the United States Congress I would like to ex-press my sincere appreciation for their sac-rifices. At my request, on August 30, 2017, the Architect of the Capitol flew the United States Flag over our Capitol Building to further honor the sacrifices of Captain Richard A. Kibbey and his crew. I ask my colleagues to join me in saluting these brave airmen, and their families, for their commitment to serving our nation and pro-tecting our freedom. f 
RECOGNIZING EDWIN GILROY 
HON. VIRGINIA FOXX 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize—and say farewell—to a member of the House Committee on Education and the Work-force staff who has dedicated more than 20 years of public service to the People’s House. Edwin Gilroy began his congressional ca-reer on the staff of former Congressman Rod Chandler of Washington, and he would then go on to serve as Professional Staff Member for the Committee. But most of us know Ed for his nearly 16 years of service as the Commit-tee’s Director of Workforce Policy. It was in this capacity Ed led our efforts to expand access to affordable health care for small business employees; provide moms and dads more flexibility in the workplace; protect the rights of workers and employers; and hold officials accountable for how our nation’s health and safety laws are enforced. Ed has also had a remarkable impact on policies affecting the retirement security of working families. He was instrumental in our bipartisan efforts to strengthen the defined benefit pension system with passage of the Pension Protection Act in 2006, and again with enactment under President Obama of the Multiemployer Pension Reform Act in 2014. And he has played a vital role in ensuring all Americans have access to affordable retire-ment advice. He has guided us through countless hear-ings, markups, floor debates, field hearings, member briefings, round-table discussions, and stakeholder meetings, and through it all, he has been a trusted adviser, dedicated pub-lic servant, distinguished colleague, and an in-valuable member of our Committee family. Ed Gilroy, on behalf of my colleagues, we are deeply grateful for his many years of serv-ice to the American people and the U.S. House of Representatives, and we wish him all the best in the years ahead. f 
20TH ANNIVERSARY OF SOJOURNER TRUTH HOUSE 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and admiration that I recognize the Sojourner Truth House as the organization celebrates its 20th anniversary. In honor of this special occasion, the Sojourner Truth House will host an open house followed by a celebration mass at the Cathedral of the Holy Angels on September 16, 2017. The organiza-tion will then conclude its day of celebration with a reception at Avalon Manor in Merrillville, Indiana. The Sojourner Truth House, a not-for-profit organization located in Gary, Indiana, serves an average of 2,092 homeless and at-risk women and children per month. The out-standing and compassionate employees and volunteers at the Sojourner Truth House assist and encourage their clients to regain their dig-nity and sense of purpose for themselves, their children, and their communities. The or-ganization’s dedication to its four core val-ues—Openness to the Spirit, Community, Sim-plicity, and Dignity and Respect for all—fosters a safe environment for their clients to identify and overcome the barriers in their lives. Cli-ents are provided with access to resources, classes, counseling, and various activities aimed at healing the mind, body, and spirit. Among the organization’s numerous and im-portant contributions, the Sojourner Truth House has clothed over 2,000 clients and has provided meals for nearly 15,000 people in need. Clients of the Sojourner Truth House share their appreciation for the warm, wel-coming assistance they receive at the So-journer Truth House, which only further rein-forces the positive and lasting impact the or-ganization has on the community of Gary and the entirety of Northwest Indiana. Recently, they have become a special limited partner in the Village of Hope, a 40-unit apartment build-ing for homeless individuals and families with mental illness and/or addiction. I would like to take time to mention some of the inspiring leaders in Northwest Indiana who have worked with the Sojourner Truth House to bring about positive, impactful change and to inspire the community. They include Execu-tive Director Sister Peg Spindler, Chairwoman Judith Stanton, and the rest of the current Board of Directors: Leo Barron, Regina Bid-dings-Muro, Susan Cohen, Denise Dillard, James Donovan, Sister Michele Dvorak, Mike Gluszewski, Jason Griffin, Roxanne Morton, Sister Cathy Schwemer, Vickey Sultzman, Michelle Taylor, Scott Yahne and Pamela Yttri. I am also grateful for the sponsorship of the Poor Handmaids of Jesus Christ, who work tirelessly to spread the goodwill and hope the Sojourner Truth House exudes. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring and congratulating the Sojourner Truth House on its 20th anniversary. For the past 20 years, the staff and leadership have touched the lives 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05SE8.012 E05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1161 September 5, 2017 
of countless individuals through their unwaver-ing commitment to those in need. The ministry is both a beacon of hope and a network of support for so many and serves as an inspira-tion to us all. 
f 
HONORING THE FORT WORTH AS-SOCIATION OF FEDERATED WOM-EN’S CLUBS 100 YEARS OF COM-MUNITY SERVICE 
HON. MARC A. VEASEY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Fort Worth Association of Federated Women’s Clubs (FWAFWC) for its 100 years of service to Fort Worth and the greater Tarrant County community. The FWAFWC was founded in 1917 with Mrs. Fannie Mae Connally-Winn serving as the first president of the organization. Mrs. Winn created the organization because she wanted the ‘‘colored’’ women of Fort Worth to have the opportunity to be known for their service throughout the community. The organi-zation has lived up to its founding mission and grown substantially over the decades. The FWAFWC continues its commitment to ensuring that African-American women are aware of their civic duties, social issues in the community, family health matters, and the im-portance of educating youth for a better future. As part of their mission, FWAFWC members volunteer for the Annual Prom Dress Give Away each year and collect hundreds of do-nated items for local high school girls. Additionally, FWAFWC has sponsored an annual cotillion for over 10 years, which pro-vides young ladies with the skills to be suc-cessful later in life. The Cotillion also serves as a scholarship fundraiser event aimed at empowering young women to pursue their higher education aspirations. Along with volun-teering throughout the community, the group makes monetary donations to numerous local charities and community service organizations throughout the year, including a $500 college scholarship to graduating African American high school seniors. I honor the Fort Worth Association of Fed-erated Women’s Clubs and its century of serv-ice to the Fort Worth and Tarrant County com-munity. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BRUNO VIDAL 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Detective Bruno Vidal, as he re-tires after 25 years of law enforcement serv-ice. Det. Vidal began his law enforcement career in 1992 as a Police Officer with New York City’s Finest, the NYPD. In 1993 he was as-signed to the 90th Precinct in Williamsburg, Brooklyn. In 1995, he joined the Community Patrol Officer Program (CPOP). A program de-signed to promote collaborative problem solv-ing efforts between the community and police department. This program enabled Det. Vidal to patrol a dedicated geographic location with-in the community where he successfully worked with residents in identifying areas with serious quality of life conditions. As the CPOP Officer, his approach, mannerism and ability to communicate with the public, young and older, was instrumental in fortifying the trust between the 90th Precinct and the greater community. This achievement led to his appointment as the precinct’s Community Affairs Officer. In this capacity, he worked extensively within Williamsburg community. Det. Vidal estab-lished strong relationships with schools, faith- based and local organizations, small busi-nesses, housing leaders and elected officials. He has earned numerous awards and the re-spect of the community and members of the service. In 2007 he was promoted to the well- deserved rank of Detective. And in 2015, he earned the new rank of Detective Specialist 2nd grade. For twenty-five years, Det. Bruno Vidal has been an exemplary role model and dedicated public servant who served with pride and honor. I am proud to know and have worked with him on local issues. He is a loyal rep-resentative of New York’s Finest. I also want to thank his family, Mrs. Arisleida Vidal-Abrue and their three children Matthew, Carolyn and Adam for supporting his career. Please join me in saluting Detective Bruno Vidal from the 90th Precinct in New York City. f 
RECOGNIZING NORTHWEST INDIANA’S NEW CITIZENS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty individuals who took their oaths of citizenship on Friday, August 11, 2017. This memorable occasion, presided over by Magistrate Judge John E. Martin, was held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On August 11, 2017, the following people, representing many nations throughout the world, took their oaths of citizenship in Ham-mond, Indiana: Feda Izzedin Aljobeh, Mahmoud Ibrahim Almakharza, Mosa Maher Awad, Roberto Barraza, Manuel de Jesus Castaneda, Maria Arminda de Leon, Jose Jorge Garcia, Lucio Chan Gudmalin, Wendy Lane Harris, Nora Ibrahim, Delia Ruiz, Ma Olivia Avila de Torres, Eduardo Torres, Victor Hugo Vargas Sanchez, Jose Jesus Vargas, Cayetano Ontiveros Rodriguez, Silvia Andrea Alvarez, Guijuan Niu, Shanqin Chen, Hamida Brkovic, Eric Kwadwo Ofori, Ling Zhou, Jose Luis Castro Vazquez, Julio Alvarez Gonzalez, Hong Tuyet Thi Nguyen, Juana Irma Diez de Sollano Garcia, Ruth Mwihaki Chege, Jose Martin Hernandez, Hannah Rose Babbini, and Prabhakar Himatram Jani. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who became citizens of the United States of America on August 11, 2017. They, too, are American citi-zens, and they, too, are guaranteed the in-alienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. f 
DELTA SIGMA THETA SORORITY, INCORPORATED 
HON. MARK POCAN 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following Proclamation. Whereas on January 13, 2013, Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated, a non-profit orga-nization whose purpose is to provide assist-ance and support through established pro-grams in local communities throughout the world; and Whereas the Sorority was founded in 1913 by 22 students at Howard University and these young women wanted to use their col-lective strength to promote and provide aca-demic excellence; scholarships; support to the underserved; education and participation in the establishment of positive public policy; and to highlight issues and provide solutions for problems in their communities; and Whereas Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Incor-porated is a sisterhood of more than 200,000 predominately Black college-educated women and the Sorority currently has over 1,000 chapters located in the United States, Eng-land, Japan, Germany, the Virgin Islands, Ber-muda, the Bahamas, the Republic of Korea, and here in Dane County, Wisconsin; and Whereas the Madison Alumnae Chapter was chartered on August 27, 1977 by twenty- two bold and visionary women who saw the urgent need for a chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated in Madison, Wis-consin to create a collective shift in thinking for African American residents; to cultivate and educate the minority community in political, educational, cultural, economic and social spheres; and has continued to thrive, em-power, and lead for forty years using sister-hood, scholarship and service as the guide; and Whereas the Madison Alumnae Chapter has participated in Delta Days in the nation’s cap-ital to meet with me and my staff to discuss 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K05SE8.006 E05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1162 September 5, 2017 
issues surrounding its social action agenda and initiatives; to share concerns and seek an-swers to questions regarding policy issues, in-cluding incarceration rates, unemployment, housing, economics, and education; to have open and transparent conversations about these concerns that disproportionately affect the African American community with policy-makers; and to discuss how we can work to-gether towards solutions, and Whereas the Madison Alumnae Chapter being Determined Strategic and Transcendent has established and maintained a legacy of preeminent programming which has been rec-ognized as exemplary at both regional con-ferences and national conventions, I, M
ARK POCAN , Congressman from the great state of Wisconsin recognize and con-gratulate the women of Delta Sigma Theta So-rority, Incorporated Madison Alumnae Chapter on the significant impact that they have made in the lives of the citizens in their service area and the tireless work that they do to in the name of public service. 
f 
IN HONOR OF ASSEMBLYMAN MICHAEL SIMANOWITZ 
HON. GRACE MENG 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today along with the support of my colleague, Congress-man C
ROWLEY , to honor the life and excep-tional service of New York State Assembly-man Michael Simanowitz. Mike passed away on Saturday, September 2, 2017, at the age of 46, after battling a long illness. Mike was a dedicated public servant, a devoted family man, and a truly remarkable individual. Mike began a lifelong career in public serv-ice as chief of staff to former New York State Assemblywoman Nettie Mayersohn more than twenty years ago. He was later elected to fill her seat after her retirement in 2011. A long- time active member of his community, Mike volunteered with the New York Police Depart-ment’s auxiliary program at the 107th Precinct in Flushing, Queens, for 15 years, and was its commanding officer for nine years. And as one of only a few Orthodox Jews in the New York State legislature, Mike was proud of his faith and was a strong voice for the Queens Jewish community. When speaking to Mike’s constituents, you will hear nothing but words of praise for his passionate commitment to his district and community. Congressman C
ROWLEY and I counted Mike as a great friend, and we join the entire New York community in mourning this terrible loss. Congressman C
ROWLEY and I offer our deepest condolences to Mike’s wife and four children, his parents, and all of his friends, col-leagues and constituents. We continue to keep Mike’s family in our thoughts and prayers during this difficult time. EMERGENCY ROOM NURSE ALEX WUBBELS HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to give brief remarks about Alex Wubbels, the emergency room nurse at University of Utah Hospital in Salt Lake City, Utah who was arrested for doing her job on July 26. As a non-practicing registered nurse, this story shocked and upset me. I cannot fathom being handcuffed in my workplace for following hospital policy and the law. Ms. Wubbels stood her ground and re-mained calm during the encounter, which was caught on body camera footage. Hospital pol-icy requires that the patient be under arrest, the police have a warrant, or the patient con-sent in order to draw blood. Since none of those requirements were met, Ms. Wubbels refused to draw the patient’s blood, with the support of several managers, administrators, and her supervisor. While I understand that the Salt Lake City Police Department is currently taking steps to prevent incidents like this, I find it unconscion-able that an officer of the law felt it appropriate to treat a health professional in this manner. I do believe that implementation of new hospital procedure, such as requiring law enforcement officials to check in to the front desk of the hospital, are positive and I encourage other hospitals to adopt similar policies. Ms. Wubbels remained focused on providing care to her patient and ultimately, no charges were filed against her. She is encouraging health professionals and law enforcement to use this incident to ‘‘open a civic dialogue.’’ As a nurse, I am proud to stand with individuals like Ms. Wubbels who turn negative events into positive learning experiences, always put patient well-being above all else, and stand their ground in the face of adversity. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF AWARDING THE CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO SENATOR ROBERT DOLE 
HON. NANCY PELOSI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, we recognize Senator Dole, a patriot whose life and career embody superior public service. The Congressional Gold Medal is the high-est award we can bestow. We confer this honor to men and women who grace our na-tion with exceptional achievements and con-tributions. Senator Bob Dole is a leader of great integ-rity, a public servant of deep dignity and an American hero of extraordinary courage. Before the people of Kansas brought him to Capitol Hill, Bob Dole fought for our country in the mountains of central Italy during the Sec-ond World War. For his courage and immense sacrifice, he was awarded two Purple Hearts and the Bronze Star with Oak Leaf Cluster for Valor. Bob’s bravery was not limited to the battle-field. When he came to Congress, he fought relentlessly to ensure that every person in uni-form would receive the care they needed upon coming home. It is a special source of pride that Bob Dole first came to Washington to serve in the House of Representatives. There, as a proud Representative of west-ern Kansas, he proved his mettle as a tena-cious fighter for American families and Amer-ican values. Later, in the Senate, as Majority Leader, he continued to champion the vital causes central to our identity and our ideals as Americans. Senator Dole was a champion for justice, battling to expand the civil rights of every American during the 1960s. He was a champion for working families, reaching across the aisle to expand eligibility for food stamps. He was a champion for equality, fighting for passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act. After he left Capitol Hill, he continued the fight. He has advocated tirelessly on behalf of veterans, disabled Americans and families struggling with hunger and poverty in every part of the world. Twenty years ago, President Clinton award-ed the Senator our nation’s other highest civil-ian honor: The Presidential Medal of Freedom. Receiving this award, he said, ‘‘Our chal-lenge is not to question American ideals or re-place them, but to act worthy of them.’’ Senator Bob Dole: for a lifetime spent de-fending, advancing and exemplifying our proudest American ideals, we are grateful. This Congress thanks you. We send our warmest congratulations to your incredible wife Elizabeth—a fierce champion for our hid-den heroes: our military caregivers—and to the entire Dole family. f 
TRIBUTE TO EMMETT TILL 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, sixty-two years ago, on August 28, 1955, in Money, Mississippi, a young African-Amer-ican child by the name of Emmett Till was murdered while visiting from Chicago. Till’s life was taken from him after a white woman al-leged he whistled at her. Following her claim, the woman’s husband and brother found Till and assassinated him. The two men took Till from the home of his great uncle and shortly after, his body was found mutilated and dis-figured. Yet, the murderers of Emmett Till were found not guilty by an all-white jury. Re-cently, the allegations against Till have been found to be untrue. The accuser herself re-canted her accusations in July of this year. Six decades later, she finally admits that she lied while under oath about Till’s actions on the day she alleged he made advances toward her outside of a grocery store. Today, we also mourn the death of Simeon Wright, Emmett’s cousin, and one of the last people to see Till before he was abducted and murdered. The story of Emmett Till is a blunt reminder of racial inequality, as well as the in-equality in our justice system in which we must continue to combat. As we continue the fight to overcome racial injustice, white su-premacy and police brutality, let us do so by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:49 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05SE8.017 E05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1163 September 5, 2017 
honoring the legacy of Emmett Till and many other African-Americans in Mississippi and throughout this country who have suffered from racial discrimination. 
f 
IN HONOR OF 125 YEARS OF AUBURN WOMEN 
HON. MIKE ROGERS 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, September 5, 2017 Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask for the House’s attention to recognize the 125th Anniversary of women attending Auburn University. Auburn University in Auburn, Alabama, had its first females attend the school on Sep-tember 13, 1892. The first three women were: Willie Gertrude Little, Katherine C. Broun and Margaret Kate Teague. Little was the daughter of Auburn’s mayor and graduated from Auburn University with a bachelor’s degree and honors. A hall in the Upper Quad is named in her honor. Broun was the daughter of Auburn University Presi-dent William L. Broun (1882 to 1902) and as an inaugural female student had to take tests in English, Latin, history and mathematics. She was most notably Auburn’s first graduate student after receiving her bachelor’s degree in 1894. Teague moved from Arkansas to Au-burn after her mother’s death and graduated with honors. She also has a hall named in her honor in the Upper Quad. The 125th Anniversary of Auburn Women campaign recognizes and celebrates the ac-complishments of the women who have grad-uated from Auburn University since 1892. The ground floor of Ralph Brown Draughon Li-brary, located on campus, will have a display of unique artifacts on the history of women at Auburn. During the week of October 23, Au-burn’s campus will culminate several events in honor of this anniversary. Mr. Speaker, please join me in celebrating this important milestone, 125th Anniversary of Auburn Women. War Eagle. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A05SE8.021 E05SEPT1
D911 Tuesday, September 5, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S4917–S4969 Measures Introduced: Four bills were introduced, as follows: S. 1761–1764.
                                     Page S4939 
Measures Reported: Reported on Friday, August 18, during the ad-journment: S. 1761, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for intelligence and intelligence-related activi-ties of the United States Government, the Commu-nity Management Account, and the Central Intel-ligence Agency Retirement and Disability System. Reported on Tuesday, September 5: S. 772, to amend the PROTECT Act to make In-dian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert grants. (S. Rept. No. 115–147)
                                                Page S4938 
Measures Passed: Bankruptcy Judgeship Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of S. 1107, to amend title 28, United States Code, to authorize the appointment of additional bank-ruptcy judges, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto:
                                                                            Page S4956 
McConnell (for Grassley) Amendment No. 787, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S4956 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 94 yeas to 2 nays (Vote No. EX. 188), Tim-othy J. Kelly, of the District of Columbia, to be United States District Judge for the District of Co-lumbia.
                                                            Pages S4923, S4969 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Gregory Ibach, of Nebraska, to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Marketing and Regulatory Pro-grams. William Northey, of Iowa, to be Under Secretary of Agriculture for Farm and Foreign Agricultural Services. Stephen Alexander Vaden, of Tennessee, to be General Counsel of the Department of Agriculture. Robert Behler, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, Department of De-fense. Thomas B. Modly, of Maryland, to be Under Sec-retary of the Navy. Dean L. Winslow, of Delaware, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. Mark L. Greenblatt, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Export-Import Bank. Robert J. Jackson, Jr., of New York, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission for the remainder of the term expiring June 5, 2019. Suzanne Israel Tufts, of New York, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. James Bridenstine, of Oklahoma, to be Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Admin-istration. Timothy Gallaudet, of California, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. Bruce J. Walker, of New York, to be an Assistant Secretary of Energy (Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability). Steven E. Winberg, of Pennsylvania, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Energy (Fossil Energy). Jeffery Martin Baran, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the term of five years expiring June 30, 2023. Matthew Z. Leopold, of Florida, to be an Assistant Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. David Ross, of Wisconsin, to be an Assistant Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Larry Edward Andre, Jr., of Texas, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Djibouti. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05SE7.REC D05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD912 September 5, 2017 
Thomas L. Carter, of South Carolina, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as Rep-resentative of the United States of America on the Council of the International Civil Aviation Organiza-tion. Michael T. Evanoff, of Arkansas, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of State (Diplomatic Security). Nina Maria Fite, of Pennsylvania, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Angola. Daniel L. Foote, of New York, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Zambia. Richard Grenell, of California, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Germany. Kenneth Ian Juster, of New York, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of India. W. Robert Kohorst, of California, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Croatia. Barbara Lee, of Florida, to be Representative of the United States of America to the Seventy-second Session of the General Assembly of the United Na-tions. Edward Masso, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic Estonia. Edward T. McMullen, Jr., of South Carolina, to be Ambassador to the Swiss Confederation, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Principality of Liechtenstein. Jennifer Gillian Newstead, of New York, to be Legal Adviser of the Department of State. David Dale Reimer, of Ohio, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Mauritius, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Seychelles. Christopher Smith, of New Jersey, to be Rep-resentative of the United States of America to the Seventy-second Session of the General Assembly of the United Nations. Eric P. Whitaker, of Illinois, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Niger. Cheryl Marie Stanton, of South Carolina, to be Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, De-partment of Labor. David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be Assist-ant Secretary of Labor for Mine Safety and Health. Frederick M. Nutt, of Virginia, to be Controller, Office of Federal Financial Management, Office of Management and Budget. James Thomas Abbott, of Virginia, to be a Mem-ber of the Federal Labor Relations Authority for a term of five years expiring July 1, 2020. Colleen Kiko, of North Dakota, to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority for a term of five years expiring July 29, 2022. Emily Webster Murphy, of Missouri, to be Ad-ministrator of General Services. Margaret Weichert, of Georgia, to be Deputy Di-rector for Management, Office of Management and Budget. Christopher R. Sharpley, of Virginia, to be Inspec-tor General, Central Intelligence Agency. John C. Demers, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General. Andrei Iancu, of California, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Adam I. Klein, of the District of Columbia, to be Chairman and Member of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board for the remainder of the term expiring January 29, 2018. Adam I. Klein, of the District of Columbia, to be Chairman and Member of the Privacy and Civil Lib-erties Oversight Board for a term expiring January 29, 2024. Tom Marino, of Pennsylvania, to be Director of National Drug Control Policy. Jonathan F. Mitchell, of Washington, to be Chair-man of the Administrative Conference of the United States for the term of five years. Cheryl L. Mason, of Virginia, to be Chairman of the Board of Veterans’ Appeals for a term of six years. 60 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 8 Army nominations in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Foreign Service, Marine Corps, and Navy.
             Pages S4958–69 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S4929 
Measures Placed on the Calendar: 
                                                                            Pages S4917, S4929 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S4929 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S4938 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S4939–41 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S4941–42 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S4927–29 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S4942–46 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—188)
                                                                Page S4923 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:47 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, September 6, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S4956.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05SE7.REC D05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D913 September 5, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 9 public bills, H.R. 3672–3680; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 501, were introduced.
                                             Page H6654 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H6654–55 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1843, to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Revenue Service from carrying out seizures relating to a structuring trans-action unless the property to be seized derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of another crimi-nal law or regulation, to require notice and a post- seizure hearing for such seizures, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–286, Part 1); ional Forest in Minnesota acquired by the Sec-retary of Agriculture through the Weeks Law, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–287); H.R. 2316, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act and the Energy Policy Act of 1992 to repeal provi-sions relating only to the Allegheny National Forest (H. Rept. 115–288); H.R. 2083, to amend the Marine Mammal Protec-tion Act of 1972 to reduce predation on endangered Columbia River salmon and other nonlisted species, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–289); H.R. 2611, to modify the boundary of the Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–290); H.R. 2768, to designate certain mountain peaks in the State of Colorado as ‘‘Fowler Peak’’ and ‘‘Boskoff Peak’’ (H. Rept. 115–291); H.R. 2864, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to allow certain issuers to be exempt from registration requirements, and for other pur-poses, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–292); H.R. 3110, to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to modify the term of the independent member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council (H. Rept. 115–293); H.R. 3388, to provide for information on highly automated driving systems to be made available to prospective buyers, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–294); and H. Res. 500, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes; providing for consider-ation of motions to suspend the rules; and waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions reported from the Committee on Rules (H. Rept. 115–295).                                                                                     Pages H6653–54 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Foxx to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                                     Page H6633 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:08 p.m. and recon-vened at 5 p.m.
                                                          Page H6634 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Clyde-Hirsch-Sowers Restraining Excessive Sei-zure of Property through the Exploitation of Civil Asset Forfeiture Tools Act: H.R. 1843, amended, to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the Internal Revenue Service from carrying out seizures relating to a structuring transaction unless the prop-erty to be seized derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of con-cealing the violation of another criminal law or regu-lation, and to require notice and a post-seizure hear-ing for such seizures;
                                       Pages H6634–37 
Financial Stability Oversight Council Insurance Member Continuity Act: H.R. 3110, to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to modify the term of the independent member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 407 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 439;
         Pages H6637–38, H6643 
Bob Dole Congressional Gold Medal Act: S. 1616, to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Bob Dole, in recognition for his service to the nation as a soldier, legislator, and statesman; and 
                                                                                    Pages H6638–41 
Improving Access to Capital Act: H.R. 2864, amended, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to allow certain issuers to be exempt from registration requirements, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 403 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 440. 
                                                                      Pages H6641–43, H6644 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:05 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H6643 
Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and agree to H. Con. Res. 69, authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the District of Columbia Special Olympics Law Enforcement Torch Run.
                               Pages H6644–45 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05SE7.REC D05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD914 September 5, 2017 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. tomorrow, September 6.
                 Page H6645 
Recess: The House recessed at 8:15 p.m. and recon-vened at 11:47 p.m.
                                                 Page H6652 
Discharge Petition: Representative Coffman pre-sented to the clerk a motion to discharge the Com-mittee on the Judiciary from the consideration of H.R. 496, to provide provisional protected presence to qualified individuals who came to the United States as children (Discharge Petition No. 4). Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H6643 and H6644. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and ad-journed at 11:48 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 Committee on Rules: Full Committee began a hearing on H.R. 3354, the ‘‘Department of the Interior, En-vironment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’ [Make America Secure and Prosperous Appropriations Act, 2018]. The Committee granted, by record vote of 9–3, a structured rule for H.R. 3354. The rule provides two hours of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ap-propriations. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–31, modified by Rules Committee Print 115–32 and the amendment printed in part A of the Rules Committee report, shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be consid-ered as read. The rule waives points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, for failure to comply with clause 2 or clause 5(a) of rule XXI, ex-cept beginning with the colon on page 327, line 22, through ‘‘crime’’ on page 328, line 2; beginning with the semicolon on page 535, line 12, through ‘‘(12 U.S.C. 3907(b)(2).’’ on page 536, line 14; and section 7080. The rule provides that where points of order are waived against part of a section, a point of order may only be raised against the exposed provi-sion and not the entire section. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report, amendments en bloc described in section 3 of the resolution, and pro forma amendments described in section 4 of the res-olution. Each further amendment printed in the re-port may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part B of the report or against amendments en bloc described in section 3 of the resolution. The rule provides that shall be in order at any time for the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report not earlier dis-posed of. Amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their designees, shall not be subject to amend-ment, except as provided by section 4 of the resolu-tion, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question. The rule provides that the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations or their respective designees may offer up to 20 pro forma amendments each at any point for the purpose of debate. The rule provides that no further consideration of the bill shall be in order except pursuant to a subsequent order of the House. The rule provides that during consideration of H.R. 3354, it shall not be in order to use a de-crease in Overseas Contingency Operations funds to offset an amendment that increases an appropriation not designated as Overseas Contingency Operations funds or vice versa, but does not apply to amend-ments between the Houses. The rule provides that it shall be in order at any time through the legislative day of September 9, 2017, for the Speaker to enter-tain motions that the House suspend the rules and that the Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designa-tion of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. The rule Waives clause 6(a) of rule XIII (re-quiring a two-thirds vote to consider a rule on the same day it is reported from the Rules Committee) against any resolution reported through the legisla-tive day of September 9, 2017. Testimony was heard from Chairman Frelinghuysen and Representatives Lowey, Rogers of Kentucky, Roybal-Allard, Carter of Texas, Diaz-Balart, Price of North Carolina, Ader-holt, Bishop of Georgia, Hastings, Polis, Lee, Barr, Bass, Buchanan, Blumenauer, Budd, Jackson Lee, Gaetz, Schiff, Mitchell, Perry, and Rothfus. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05SE7.REC D05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D915 September 5, 2017 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D881) 
H.R. 3298, to authorize the Capitol Police Board to make payments from the United States Capitol Police Memorial Fund to employees of the United States Capitol Police who have sustained serious line- of-duty injuries, and for other purposes. Signed on August 4, 2017. (Public Law 115–45) S. 114, to authorize appropriations and to appro-priate amounts for the Veterans Choice Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to improve hir-ing authorities of the Department, to authorize major medical facility leases, and for other purposes. Signed on August 12, 2017. (Public Law 115–46) H.R. 2210, to designate the community living center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in But-ler Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Sergeant Joseph George Kusick VA Community Living Center’’. Signed on August 16, 2017. (Public Law 115–47) H.R. 3218, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the laws ad-ministered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. Signed on August 16, 2017. (Public Law 115–48) H.R. 374, to remove the sunset provision of sec-tion 203 of Public Law 105–384, and for other pur-poses. Signed on August 18, 2017. (Public Law 115–49) H.R. 510, to establish a system for integration of Rapid DNA instruments for use by law enforcement to reduce violent crime and reduce the current DNA analysis backlog. Signed on August 18, 2017. (Pub-lic Law 115–50) H.R. 873, to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to establish the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial as a commemo-rative work in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. Signed on August 18, 2017. (Public Law 115–51) H.R. 2430, to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to revise and extend the user-fee pro-grams for prescription drugs, medical devices, ge-neric drugs, and biosimilar biological products, and for other purposes. Signed on August 18, 2017. (Public Law 115–52) H.R. 339, to amend Public Law 94–241 with re-spect to the Northern Mariana Islands. Signed on August 22, 2017. (Public Law 115–53) H.J. Res. 76, granting the consent and approval of Congress for the Commonwealth of Virginia, the State of Maryland, and the District of Columbia to enter into a compact relating to the establishment of the Washington Metrorail Safety Commission. Signed on August 22, 2017. (Public Law 115–54) H.R. 2288, to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of decisions regarding claims for benefits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes. Signed on Au-gust 23, 2017. (Public Law 115–55) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies, business meeting to mark-up an original bill entitled, ‘‘Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’, 11 a.m., SD–124. Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Re-lated Programs, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2018’’, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine addressing the risk of waste, fraud, and abuse in the Federal Communications Com-mission’s Lifeline Program, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider the nominations of Gilbert B. Kaplan, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Inter-national Trade, and Matthew Bassett, of Tennessee, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Robert Charrow, of Maryland, to be General Counsel, both of the Department of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine priorities and challenges in the United States-Turkey relationship, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine stabilizing premiums and help-ing individuals on the individual insurance market for 2018, focusing on state insurance commissioners, 10 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the history and current re-ality of the United States health care system, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Amy Coney Barrett, of Indiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Joan Louise Larsen, of Michigan, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, William L. Campbell, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, Thomas Lee Robinson Parker, to be United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05SE7.REC D05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD916 September 5, 2017 States District Judge for the Western District of Ten-nessee, and Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, to be an As-sistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. 
House 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Sharing Economy: Creating Opportunities for Innovation and Flexibility’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy, hearing entitled ‘‘Powering America: Reevaluating PURPA’s Objectives and its Effects on Today’s Con-sumers’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘EPA Oversight: Unimplemented Inspector Gen-eral and GAO Recommendations’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Ter-rorism and Illicit Finance, hearing entitled ‘‘Low Cost, High Impact: Combatting the Financing of Lone-Wolf and Small-Scale Terrorist Attacks’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Ray-burn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing on H.R. 2661, the ‘‘State Mineral Revenue Protection Act’’; H.R. 2907, the ‘‘Plan-ning for American Energy Act’’; and H.R. 3565, the ‘‘Federal Land Freedom Act’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Rules, Full Committee, continue hearing on H.R. 3354, the ‘‘Department of the Interior, Environ-ment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’ [Make America Secure and Prosperous Appropriations Act, 2018], 2 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Environment; and Subcommittee on Oversight, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Scientific and Oper-ational Integrity of EPA’s IRIS Program’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Expediting Economic Growth: How Stream-lining Federal Permitting Can Cut Red Tape for Small Businesses’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Human Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Missing from the Labor Force: Examining Declining Employment among Working-Age Men’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. Subcommittee on Social Security, hearing entitled ‘‘De-termining Eligibility for Disability Benefits: Challenges Facing the Social Security Administration’’, 10 a.m., 2020 Rayburn. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of September 6 through September 8, 2017 Senate Chamber During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: September 6, Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, business meeting to markup an original bill entitled, ‘‘Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’, 11 a.m., SD–124. September 6, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Oper-ations, and Related Programs, business meeting to mark-up an original bill entitled, ‘‘Department of State, For-eign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2018’’, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. September 7, Full Committee, business meeting to consider an original bill entitled, ‘‘Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2018’’, and an original bill entitled, ‘‘Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018’’, 10:30 a.m., SD–106. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Sep- tember 7, business meeting to consider S. 1463, to amend the Financial Stability Act of 2010 to modify the term of the independent member of the Financial Sta-bility Oversight Council, and the nominations of Joseph Otting, of Nevada, to be Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, and Randal Quarles, of Col-orado, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (Reappoint-ment), and to be Vice Chairman for Supervision of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; to be immediately followed by hearings to examine evaluating sanctions enforcement and policy options on North Korea, 9:30 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sep- tember 6, to hold hearings to examine addressing the risk of waste, fraud, and abuse in the Federal Communications Commission’s Lifeline Program, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: September 7, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Joseph Balash, of Alaska, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Ryan Douglas Nelson, of Idaho, to be Solicitor, both of the De-partment of the Interior, and Richard Glick, of Virginia, and Kevin J. McIntyre, of Virginia, both to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, 10:30 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: September 6, business meeting to consider the nominations of Gilbert B. Kaplan, of the District of Columbia, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade, and Matthew Bassett, of Ten-nessee, to be an Assistant Secretary, and Robert Charrow, of Maryland, to be General Counsel, both of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., SD–215. September 7, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the Children’s Health Insurance Program, focusing on the path forward, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05SE7.REC D05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D917 September 5, 2017 Committee on Foreign Relations: September 6, to hold hearings to examine priorities and challenges in the United States-Turkey relationship, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Sep- tember 6, to hold hearings to examine stabilizing pre-miums and helping individuals on the individual insur-ance market for 2018, focusing on state insurance com-missioners, 10 a.m., SH–216. September 7, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine stabilizing premiums and helping individuals in the individual insurance market for 2018, focusing on governors, 9 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: September 6, to hold hearings to examine the history and current reality of the United States health care system, 10 a.m., SD–342. September 7, Permanent Subcommittee on Investiga-tions, to hold oversight hearings to examine Federal infra-structure permitting and the Federal Permitting Improve-ment Steering Council, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: September 6, to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of Amy Coney Barrett, of Indiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sev-enth Circuit, Joan Louise Larsen, of Michigan, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Wil-liam L. Campbell, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, Thomas Lee Robin-son Parker, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, and Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Depart-ment of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. September 7, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 705, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history back-ground check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and the nominations of Kurt G. Alme, to be United States Attorney for the District of Montana, Don-ald Q. Cochran, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of Tennessee, Russell M. Coleman, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Ken-tucky, Bart M. Davis, to be United States Attorney for the District of Idaho, Robert J. Higdon, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of North Caro-lina, Brian J. Kuester, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Oklahoma, and R. Trent Shores, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Oklahoma, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: September 7, closed busi-ness meeting to consider pending intelligence matters; to be immediately followed by a closed briefing to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, September 7, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces; and Subcommittee on Readiness, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Navy Readiness—Un-derlying Problems Associated with the USS Fitzgerald and USS John S. McCain’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, September 7, Sub-committee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘The Broadcast Incentive Auction: Update on Repacking Opportunities and Challenges’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, September 7, Sub-committee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Cred-it, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals for a More Effi-cient Federal Financial Regulatory Regime’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. September 7, Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Secu-rities, and Investment, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, September 7, Sub-committee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Maintaining U.S. Influence in South Asia: The FY 2018 Budget’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. September 7, Subcommittee on Terrorism, Non-proliferation, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Depart-ment of State Counterterrorism Bureau: The FY 2018 Budget’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, September 7, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 2142, the ‘‘International Nar-cotics Trafficking Emergency Response by Detecting In-coming Contraband with Technology Act’’; H.R. 3101, the ‘‘Strengthening Cybersecurity Information Sharing and Coordination in Our Ports Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3551, to amend the Security and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 to reauthorize the Customs-Trade Partner-ship Against Terrorism Program, and for other purposes; and H.R. 3669, the ‘‘Securing General Aviation and Commercial Charter Air Carrier Service Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. September 7, Subcommittee on Cybersecurity and In-frastructure Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Challenges of Recruiting and Retaining a Cybersecurity Workforce’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, September 7, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 3229, to protect the safety of judges by extending the authority of the Judicial Con-ference to redact sensitive information contained in their financial disclosure reports, and for other purposes; H.R. 620, the ‘‘ADA Education and Reform Act of 2017’’; and H. Res. 488, resolution of inquiry requesting the Presi-dent and directing the Attorney General to transmit, re-spectively, certain documents to the House of Representa-tives relating to the removal of former Federal Bureau of Investigation Director James Comey, 10 a.m., 2141 Ray-burn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, September 7, Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing en-titled ‘‘Examining the Shipment of Illicit Drugs in Inter-national Mail’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, September 7, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘Private Sector Lunar Exploration’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, September 7, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Small Business Labor Market’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05SE7.REC D05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD918 September 5, 2017 Committee on Ways and Means, September 7, Full Com-mittee, markup on H. Res. 479, of inquiry directing the Secretary of the Treasury to provide to the House of Rep-resentatives the tax return information of President Don- ald J. Trump as well as the tax returns of each business entity disclosed by Donald J. Trump on his Office of Government Ethics Form 278e’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Long-worth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D05SE7.REC D05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST, Vol. 159, Pt. 1 D919 September 05, 2017 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 146 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 282 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 3 through August 31, 2017 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 128 124 . . Time in session ................................... 770 hrs., 41 ′ 544 hrs., 11′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 4,913 6,630 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 1,150 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 15 40 55 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... . . . . . . Measures passed, total ......................... 236 432 668 Senate bills .................................. 50 11 . . House bills .................................. 26 281 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 7 5 . . House joint resolutions ............... 15 19 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 5 4 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 5 9 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 128 103 . . Measures reported, total ...................... *199 *278 477 Senate bills .................................. 153 1 . . House bills .................................. 21 205 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 2 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 1 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 3 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 23 67 . . Special reports ..................................... 12 4 . . Conference reports ............................... . . . . . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 164 58 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 2,070 4,358 6,428 Bills ............................................. 1,751 3,667 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 48 116 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 22 77 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 249 498 . . Quorum calls ....................................... 3 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 187 206 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 231 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 3 through August 31, 2017 
Civilian nominations, totaling 341, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 132 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 179 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 30 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 710, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 699 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 11 Air Force nominations, totaling 3,081, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 3,075 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 6 Army nominations, totaling 5,429, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 5,420 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 9 Navy nominations, totaling 2,091, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 2,089 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 2 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,311, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,310 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 12,963 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 12,725 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 208 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 30 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D05SE7.REC D05SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD920 September 5, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, September 6 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will be in a period of morning business. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, September 6 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 3354—‘‘Make America Secure and Prosperous Appropria-tions Act, 2018’’ (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of measures under suspension of the Rules. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E1155 Davidson, Warren, Ohio, E1155 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E1158 Foxx, Virginia, N.C., E1160 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1162 Katko, John, N.Y., E1155 Lawson, Al, Jr., Fla., E1158 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1159 McEachin, A. Donald, Va., E1159 Meng, Grace, N.Y., E1162 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1157 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1158 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E1156, E1157 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E1159 Pelosi, Nancy, Calif., E1162 Pocan, Mark, Wisc., E1161 Posey, Bill, Fla., E1160 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E1158 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1163 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E1162 Veasey, Marc A., Tex., E1156, E1161 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1156, E1161 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1155, E1156, E1157, E1158, E1160, E1161 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:43 Sep 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D05SE7.REC D05SEPT1