Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H9471 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2017 No. 194 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, November 29, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable T
OMRICE to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO BUCKTAIL MEDICAL CENTER’S TIMOTHY REEVES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late Bucktail Medical Center CEO Tim-othy Reeves for receiving a Community Star from the National Organization of State Offices of Rural Health. Community Stars recognize men and women nationwide who work to im-prove, protect, and advance health and wellness for those living in rural Amer-ica. Timothy Reeves is the chief execu-tive officer at Bucktail Medical Center, which is a critical access hospital, skilled nursing facility, community clinic, and BLS ambulance service in Renovo, Pennsylvania, in Clinton County. It is the only medical facility for more than 30 miles in any direction. Bucktail Medical Center is believed to be the most remote hospital in Penn-sylvania. When Timothy came to Bucktail, the small hospital was on life support. The organization had significant financial issues, but it had a dedicated, strong- willed staff and supporting board. Through a carefully planned financial restructuring process, Timothy has helped bring the facility back to life. It is growing, modernizing, and acquiring the equipment, technology, and provi-sions needed to advance healthcare for the community. Mr. Speaker, thanks to Timothy and his team, Bucktail is looking towards the future, and the community is grateful for it. CONGRATULATING DR . LORRAINE ROSAMILIA  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratu-late a Centre County dermatologist for being named one of Pennsylvania’s Top Physicians Under 40 by the Pennsyl-vania Medical Society. Dr. Lorraine Rosamilia, a native of Lock Haven, Pennsylvania, treats skin conditions and skin cancers in patients of all ages at Geisinger Health System in State College. In 2018, she will serve as the presi-dent of the Pennsylvania Academy of Dermatology and Dermatologic Sur-gery. She attended medical school and residency training in dermatology at Penn State’s Milton S. Hershey Med-ical Center in Hershey, Pennsylvania. Geisinger Health System recently honored Dr. Rosamilia at its annual Top Patient Experience Clinicians Awards Dinner for ranking in the top 10 percent in patient experience nation-ally. Dr. Rosamilia currently serves on the editorial and review boards of several medical journals. She is certified by the American Board of Dermatology. In addition to practicing, she teaches dermatology residents and primary care practitioners and delivers lectures on dermatology locally, nationally, and internationally. Mr. Speaker, I wholeheartedly con-gratulate Dr. Rosamilia on this out-standing achievement. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO GUS SCHUMACHER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K
APTUR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a great American, a man named Gus Schumacher, a man whose enduring legacy and indefati-gable work ethic in the field of agri-culture improved the lives of untold millions of people in our country and those America touches around the world—yes, farmers from all walks of life, including the smallest producers, not just the biggest, including people who are hungry. I remember one time Gus spoke with me about going through nursing homes in western Iowa and how America had to do a better job of reaching places that were forgotten, places that you would not expect to find hungry people. Gus’ work touched people across a broad variety of pursuits. He wasn’t limited by the false urban-rural divide that our country lives with, and he touched citizens across the income spectrum. It was with deep sadness that we learned of the news that Gus, a former Under Secretary of the U.S. Depart-ment of Agriculture for both Demo-cratic and Republican Presidents, Bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Nov 29, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.000 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9472 November 29, 2017 
Clinton and George Bush, and a founding board chair of an organization called Wholesome Wave, passed away unexpectedly last month. A few days before his death, he had come to our office offering his help to the Congress on the new farm bill. He cared so much about people. He cared so much about nutrition. He under-stood the foundational power of agri-culture in our Nation, so blessed with the resources to feed ourselves and the world if we put our shoulder to the wheel. Simply, Gus loved and lived agri-culture. He had experience from the time he was a child that directed him toward farming and all of its array. The farmers market was in his DNA. He was born in Massachusetts on a farm in Lexington and bridged the di-vide between city and rural dwellers. This approach was the American way, the American family way. His grand-father and great-grandfather farmed, get this, in New York City, where they grew vegetables in enclosed green-houses and sold what they grew at city markets. He knew agriculture from the inside, even inside a place like New York City, where now, with modern technology, we are growing lettuce on walls as high as the ceiling of this Chamber in which I speak. When Gus was young, he was loading up his brother’s truck, and a box of pears fell off the truck and scattered all over the ground. Two young boys and their mother ran up, and they began picking up the pears. The moth-er explained that she was on food stamps and unable to afford fresh produce for her kids. Gus’ heart broke, and his life’s work began and he never stopped. Gus worked tirelessly to support local farming and local agriculture, and I cannot underline local, local, local enough. He became an American force in the farm-to-table movement, encouraging restaurants and stores to buy produce locally. He saw commu-nities shattered across our country when that local production food chain was broken, and he used his last ounce of strength to reconnect it. Most recently, in preparation for the upcoming farm bill, he selflessly helped create provisions in H.R. 3699, the new Urban Agriculture Production Act, a bill that really focuses on producing, in some of the most forgotten places, with innovative farming practices, including in urban food deserts. He never stopped trying. I loved him because he loved farmers markets, and I love farmers markets. Nothing creates community more than growing and feeding the local popu-lation. As we move to such large insti-tutions that seem almost unapproachable by the average Amer-ican, Gus was always bringing power back to people. He expanded programs to include vet-erans, including the Senior Farmers’ Market Nutrition Program, as we at-tempt to pass a new farm bill, making sure that our veterans are included in that extraordinarily popular coupon program. Gus was humble, kind, visionary, passionate, compassionate, generous, and dedicated, and a man for all sea-sons. In closing, let me say Gus Schumacher will always be remem-bered as a gentle giant who packed a powerful punch. His impact will not be forgotten, and his legacy will live on and carry his dreams forward. Mr. Speaker, I will tell you, I am going to devote every ounce of energy I have in the new farm bill to making his dreams come true. 
f 
STEVE TAZZA AND THE VETERAN OPPORTUNITY PARTNERS ARE DEVOTED TO SUPPORTING VET-ERANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Steve Tazza and the Veteran Opportunity Partners for their devotion to supporting the veterans of my district. By encouraging the growth of veteran-owned businesses, Veteran Opportunity Partners provides an example for us all about the impor-tance of serving our Nation’s heroes. Veteran Opportunity Partners and Steve Tazza began providing services to the residents of my district and ca-reer opportunities to our veterans in the spring of 2017. They plan to expand the geographic reach of their service to our vets, while creating hundreds of ca-reers for our veterans, in the years to come. The work that Mr. Tazza and those at Veteran Opportunity Partners do for our veterans is not only worthy of our recognition, Mr. Speaker, but it is also worthy of our support. We are so proud of all they do to serve our Nation’s he-roes. 
FIRST ROBOTICS IS COMMITTED TO INSPIRING  
YOUNG LEADERS  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize FIRST Robot-ics and their student mentoring pro-gram for its commitment to inspiring young leaders in our Nation and in my district. FIRST Robotics, through their competitions and mentor-based programs, engages young people to help foster an understanding and ap-preciation for science and technology. FIRST Robotics competitions take place across the world. From as young as 6 to as old as 18, students can get in-volved in technology and robotics chal-lenges like the FIRST Robotics Com-petition. The FIRST Robotics Competition asks high school students to design, build, and test robots over the course of 6 weeks. Students fundraise the en-tirety of the money they need for these robots, which can cost thousands of dollars to build, by partnering with local businesses or applying for grants. By taking part in these competitions and working with older mentors, stu-dents learn invaluable skills, like tech-nological research, to help them de-velop into well-rounded individuals. I am proud to have 26 FIRST teams in my district. The young people in-volved in these leagues and competi-tions, including those who mentor them, show the leadership and inquisi-tive spirit necessary for our future technological innovators. f 
THE ART OF THE TAX DEAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ) for 5 minutes. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I proudly present the art of the deal: In the tax deal before us, we provide permanent tax cuts for individuals who are multimillionaires and billionaires. With this deal, all middle class families will eventually face a tax increase since tax relief for them expires. All taxes, of course, go up on folks earning as little as $10,000 a year al-most immediately. After all, Mr. Speaker, somebody’s got to pay for the wealthy’s permanent tax cuts. Now, how do we get buy-in from the middle class, you ask. Well, here is the beauty of the deal, Mr. Speaker. We will trickle down a few crumbs from the master’s table to get some of them through one or two Christmas shopping seasons; and let’s tell them that they can do their taxes on a postcard and that they will just love that they won’t have to go through all the tedious math work of receiving thousands of dollars in personal exemptions and State income and local tax relief. b1015 They won’t have to do all of that sub-tracting of medical expenses and stu-dent loan interest from their tax obli-gations. We will promise them jobs. Hey, yeah, let’s do that through dynamic scoring, trickle-down and voodoo eco-nomic growth like we did during the Reagan and Bush years, back when we gave trillions of dollars in tax cuts to the wealthy and created the deficits that are now dragging on our economy. Mr. Speaker, people are so desperate that they will believe us. Of course, we will have to cut $25 billion out of So-cial Security immediately to meet budget rules, or maybe we can just cut some veteran benefits from mandatory spending. We are targeting $1.5 trillion in cuts to Medicaid and Medicare, but don’t worry, Mr. Speaker, we will just defame recipients of these benefits as unworthy welfare cheats and the gen-eral public will go for our deal. Mr. Speaker, let’s adopt a better deal. Let’s pursue a commonsensical means of growing the economy, like spending these trillions of dollars on infrastructure instead of a giveaway to the wealthy, by providing postsec-ondary opportunity and skill develop-ment to our next generation of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Nov 29, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.002 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9473 November 29, 2017 
innovators and workers instead of tax-ing our students into an abyss of debt. Let’s fund research on medical cures instead of burying the infirm into early graves. Let us reject this abomination of a tax bill. 
f 
STOP GOVERNMENT SPYING ON AMERICANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, most Americans may not be aware of what is taking place by our government. Our government is spying on Americans and I think it is in violation of the U.S. Constitution. In all of the talk that we have been having the last few weeks, we are miss-ing one of the most basic issues that we hold dear: the right of privacy. Let me explain how it is taking place. Go back to Snowden. We didn’t know about all of the spying going on in America until Snowden revealed that. I am no fan of his. I think he ought to be prosecuted, but we know information about our government spying on our Americans because of his disclosures. Let me talk about specifically the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. What is that? FISA allows our government to spy on foreign agents, which includes ter-rorists, primarily overseas. So what happens is the government goes to a FISA court. What is that? It is a secret court that operates in secret that issues secret warrants. I personally have an issue with that because it reminds me too much of the Star Chamber in England where they operated in secret and tried people in secret. As a former judge, I am very con-cerned about the loss of our Fourth Amendment right of privacy in the United States based on this law. For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act courts operate in secret and issue war-rants to go after bad guys overseas. So they seize that information and they put it in a database. Here is what happens: while seizing that information of communication— maybe an al-Qaida guy talking to an-other al-Qaida guy—they put that in-formation in a database, but also that information is seized on Americans. In-cidental is what they call that. That may be a communication with an American that has nothing to do with terrorism. It could be something else. So that information is seized on Ameri-cans based on this warrant by a FISA judge on foreigners. The information is put in the database. Here is what happens: occasionally, the government decides to go into that database that was seized without a Fourth Amendment warrant and see how many times a name comes up. They call it a query. That is another fancy name for a search. So they search that database to see how many times Bobby Oglethorpe’s name pops up. Then they go to their administra-tive folks and get a piece of paper that allows them then a second search. They search that database to see if Bobby Oglethorpe is committing crimes in the U.S., having nothing to do with terrorism. Maybe it is bank robbery, maybe it is IRS fraud, maybe it violates other laws in the United States. So then they seize that information, and we don’t know how many times they do that. The Judiciary Committee has asked the Justice Department: How many times have you done that? They refuse to tell us. Suspicious, isn’t it? I will tell you how many times it is. According to The Washington Post, 90 percent of the account holders whose communications were collected were not the targets, the bad guys overseas. Ninety percent of them. Many of them were Americans. Nearly half of the sur-veillance files contained names, email addresses, and other details that the NSA marked as belonging to U.S. citi-zens or residents. So what information are they get-ting? Emails, communications, text mes-sages. They seize that, then they go through that database to see if Bobby Oglethorpe is a bank robber or what-ever, and all of that is done in secret. Remember, secret courts issuing secret warrants, and they don’t tell anybody about that. That is a violation of the Fourth Amendment on Americans. Let me read the Fourth Amendment: ‘‘The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and ef-fects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon prob-able cause, supported by oath or affir-mation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.’’ Mr. Speaker, the Fourth Amendment is sacred to this country, and I include in the R
ECORD the Fourth Amendment. 
AMENDMENT [IV.] The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly de-scribing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized. 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in this situation, government seizes the information without a probable cause warrant. Then they search the infor-mation to see how many times Bobby Oglethorpe maybe has violated other laws, and they do it without a probable cause warrant. That is allowed under 702 of the FISA legislation. We are getting ready to re-authorize FISA. This 702 provision should require a warrant to search that information, a warrant to take the content of that information and make it public, and file on Bobby Oglethorpe. Mr. Speaker, Congress must set the standard for privacy, not the courts; and we are called upon to fix this spy-ing on Americans and not allow it. And that is just the way it is. f 
OPIOID CRISIS AND EFFORTS IN ARKANSAS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for 5 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, this morning I rise to express my concern about the opioid epidemic that is plaguing our Nation, hurting our families, reducing productivity, and, really, one of the most shocking things that we have been experiencing across this land. I want to recognize some people in Arkansas who are making a real dif-ference. In 2015, 392 Arkansans lost their lives to drug overdose. This crisis is terrifying and is killing our young adults and breaking up our families. They have lost acquaintances, friends, classmates, and family members to the grip of prescription drugs and illegal substances. In Arkansas, Drug Director Kirk Lane is facing this issue head-on, co-ordinating the State’s drug and alcohol prevention, treatment, education, and law enforcement efforts. Curt Bradbury, who lost his son to substance abuse in 2010, has been out front and a tremendous ally in the fight to curtail the abuse of controlled substances. His contributions helped start the Arkansas Prescription Moni-toring Program, a database that tracks the prescription of controlled sub-stances across our State. Jerry Jones’ tremendous advocacy ef-forts in Arkansas led to the passage of Arkansas Act 820, requiring prescribers to check the Prescription Drug Moni-toring Program every time they pre-scribe a Schedule II and Schedule III opioid. I am proud to recognize these three individuals this morning for their posi-tive efforts at tackling this dev-astating epidemic affecting our fami-lies. 
f 
HATE CAN’T WAIT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, this morning, to quote a great American poet and civil rights leader, a great writer, a noble American, ‘‘And Still I Rise.’’ And still I rise, Mr. Speaker. I rise to take a stand on behalf of the many peo-ple who suffer harm as a result of those who incite hate. Anyone who incites hate is a person that ought to be called upon to either stop it or be removed from a position such that they can harm society. So I rise today to take a stand against those who would incite the bigot to practice bigotry, those who would incite the racist to practice rac-ism, the sexist to practice sexism; the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Nov 29, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.005 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9474 November 29, 2017 
homophobe to practice homophobia, the anti-Semite to practice anti-Semi-tism, the Islamophobe to practice Islamophobia. There are those who think that hate can wait, Mr. Speaker. I am not one of them. When hate emanates from the highest office in the land, when hate emanates from a person who has more power than any other person in the world, when hate emanates from the Presidency, the solution is impeach-ment. Impeachment will be voted on before Christmas. I rise to stand against hate. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 26 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
ESJARLAIS ) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Pastor Ron Dunn, New Hope Min-istries, Akron, Michigan, offered the following prayer: Our Father and our God in Heaven, we praise You for Your goodness to this great Nation, giving us blessings far beyond what we deserve. Direct the elected leaders of this governing body to meet the many challenges that this Nation faces today and in the future. Give them wisdom to know what is right, and the courage to act upon it. Set their feet on the path of Your righteousness and peace. Strengthen their determination to give witness to these truths by the way we should live. Give them harmony that puts an end to disunity, love for one another that extinguishes hatred, and compassion that overcomes hostility. Inspire all people to pursue Your commandment of love for one another. We pray this in the name of God, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and my God, Jesus Christ. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. MCKINLEY led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING PASTOR RON DUNN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Pastor Ron Dunn from Akron, Michigan, who delivered that wonderful opening prayer. Pastor Dunn is an ordained bishop with the Church of God, and is senior pastor of New Hope Ministries in Akron, Michigan, not Ohio. His work is well known beyond the walls of the church. Pastor Dunn has led New Hope Ministries to assist those in need in the Akron community. Under Pastor Dunn’s leadership, New Hope Ministries has provided food, clothing, counseling, and even assisted local families in sending their children to summer camp. His service and work is truly an example for all of us here and across the country. Pastor Dunn is also known in our community as the head football coach of the Akron-Fairgrove Junior/Senior High School, where he has mentored the team to grow into upstanding young men. Pastor Dunn’s life of service extends back to his service in the United States Army. Pastor Dunn is a veteran of Op-erations Desert Shield and Desert Storm. Mr. Speaker, our community and our Nation are grateful for Pastor Dunn’s service and sacrifice. It is an honor to welcome him to the Capitol today. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to 15 further re-quests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
A TRIBUTE TO ARKANSAS STATE SENATOR GREG STANDRIDGE (Mr. WOMACK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, over the Thanksgiving holiday week, the State of Arkansas and our Nation lost a de-voted public servant with the passing of State Senator Greg Standridge of Russellville, Arkansas. He was a 1985 graduate of Russellville High School. He was a Cyclone through and through. Greg was coowner of CSI Insurance Agency in his hometown, was a long-time active member of First Baptist Church, and a member of the Russell-ville Football Booster Club. He found time to serve on boards for Workforce Investment, Pope County 911, Teen Challenge Women’s Ministry, and the Pope County Fair. He was active with the Pope County Emergency Services Rescue Unit and was a volunteer fire-fighter. Greg was elected to the Arkansas State Senate in a special election in 2015 and selflessly dedicated himself to improving Arkansas while fighting his long battle with cancer. Mr. Speaker, as former President George H.W. Bush said many years ago, any evaluation of having lived a suc-cessful life must include a measure of service to others. Senator Standridge may have died young at the age of 50, but his life was truly well lived. I join his wife of 26 years, Karen Standridge; their children, Hunter, Lakin, Cameron, and Breonna; his mother, Jewel Simcox; his late father, Marvin Standridge; his sister and my classmate, Jeania Evans; and other ex-tended family members in celebrating Greg’s life. Mr. Speaker, we will always remem-ber his infectious smile that could fill every room. f 
SEXUAL HARASSMENT AND ASSAULT MUST STOP (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, for too long, survivors of sexual harassment and assault have been isolated, shamed, and bullied into silence, while their abusers walk away scot-free with the privilege of anonymity and with no personal or financial accountability. This has been happening right here in Congress, in media, in many sectors in our society. No one, whether it be a Capitol Hill staffer, a Hollywood actor, a schoolteacher, a soldier, or anyone in any profession, at no time should they have to choose between their job and personal safety. Congress needs to act now to end the practice of taxpayer-funded sexual har-assment settlements, expose perpetra-tors of sexual harassment and assault, and provide a fair and transparent path to justice for survivors. This behavior is absolutely unacceptable. It has no place in Congress or in our society. It must end. 
f 
STATE COLLEGE GREW THE ROCKEFELLER CENTER CHRIST-MAS TREE (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, tonight, one of the big-gest Christmas events will take place in New York City: the lighting of the Rockefeller Center Christmas tree. This historic event has ushered in the holiday season since the first offi-cial tree lighting in 1933. Tonight’s event is the 85th tree lighting, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:47 Nov 29, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.006 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9475 November 29, 2017 
while it will be a star-studded event with various entertainers performing on the plaza, the biggest star of all is from State College, Pennsylvania: the Christmas tree. The 75-foot-tall Norway spruce was chosen as the yuletide centerpiece. The 12-ton tree was trucked into Midtown Manhattan earlier this month from State College. Rockefeller Center’s head gardener was visiting State Col-lege a few years ago for a high school football game. He saw the tree from the road and knocked on the home-owner Jason Perrin’s door to ask about the spruce. Mr. Perrin is a Penn State graduate who worked for the State College Area School District for 17 years. He be-lieves the tree is about 80 years old. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to State College’s tree playing a starring role in tonight’s festivities. Merry Christmas. 
f 
WE NEED BIPARTISAN TAX REFORM (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, look, I, like every Member in this House, rec-ognize that we need to do something about taxes. We need bipartisan tax re-form that actually works for every-body, but what the Senate passed through committee and what the House passed here a couple of weeks ago is not tax reform. It is a great big tax cut financed by middle class Amer-icans and huge debt that will be passed on to our kids. It is just not right. We shouldn’t do this just to put points on the board. I mean, if we are going to get this right, we should do it in a bipartisan way, and many of us stand ready to do that. What this shows—and the facts mat-ter—is that every independent anal-ysis, including our own analysis here in Congress that we have depended upon for years, shows that millions, tens of millions, over 80 million middle class Americans, will get a tax increase, all to finance massive tax cuts for billion-aires and corporations, people at the very top of the economy. This is a massive shift of wealth from hardworking Americans to people at the very top. We ought to do this right. We ought to do it right. We ought to stop this nonsense, go back to the proc-ess that we were elected to follow, and get this done in a way that is good for all Americans. This bill is not that. 
f 
THANKING DR. ROBERT MARTINO (Mr. M
CKINLEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Dr. Robert Martino of Clarksburg, West Virginia. In 2013, Dr. Martino began a unique program, generously providing one day of free dental services to local Active- Duty military and their families. He wanted to give back to those who have sacrificed so much, and he has contin-ued to do so each and every year, thereafter, and has spread this idea throughout his professional network. This day of service has now swept across the Nation, with over 500 busi-nesses now offering our soldiers every-thing from dental services to account-ing. It has become known as Freedom Day. But that isn’t enough. I want to chal-lenge more businesses to participate. Visit freedomday.usa.org to find out how to get involved. Dr. Martino, thank you for the exam-ple you set for America. You are truly a great American. f 
CELEBRATING THE CONTRIBU-TIONS OF ALL NATIVE AMER-ICAN CODE TALKERS (Mr. O’HALLERAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, Na-tive American Heritage Month affords us the opportunity to honor the Native American veterans who fought for this great country. I rise today to celebrate the indispen-sable contributions of all Native Amer-ican code talkers. Throughout much of the 20th Century, Native American sol-diers used their native languages to de-velop unbreakable codes for military operations. Their actions were critical for many Allied victories. Every day, I am reminded of the con-tributions of the code talkers who served at Iwo Jima. A tribute to their service hangs in my office, and it con-tains this quote from Major Howard Connor, a signal officer for the Navajo code talkers: ‘‘Were it not for the Nav-ajos, the Marines never would have taken Iwo Jima.’’ I want to extend my sincere thanks to all the brave code talkers who served with honor and our veterans. One of the founding principles of this country is the celebration of the diver-sity of its people. When we recognize that, we truly are a more perfect union. 
f 
TAX RELIEF FOR SMALL BUSINESSES IN TEXAS (Mr. MARCHANT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, last Saturday, across America, was Small Business Saturday, a yearly event that highlights American Main Street busi-nesses by encouraging consumers to shop in their local shops. Forty-five percent of all companies in Texas are small businesses. They provide jobs to 4 million Texans. They are our neighbors, our family members, and our friends. They provide jobs to more than 4 million families as well as the 4 million Texans. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act provides small businesses in my north Texas district with the lowest tax rate since World War II, allowing them to invest in their community, hire more people, and, as the National Federation of Independent Business says: This tax bill will lead small businesses into a better position. We highlighted small businesses last weekend, and the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act follows through with a Tax Code built for increased wages and long-term growth. f 
b1215 TAX BILL IS A LOSS FOR AMERICANS (Mr. HIMES asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I rise to mourn the lost opportunity for real bi-partisan tax reform. There were lots of Democrats, Mr. Speaker, who were ready to make a deal to make our Code simpler and more competitive. There were lots of Democrats who would have said, yeah, let’s lower rates, but let’s do it responsibly so that we don’t bal-loon the deficit. And there were lots of Democrats who said let’s eliminate that incentive for companies to operate abroad. But instead, we are where we are today, where we have a bill here and in the Senate that will raise taxes on mil-lions of middle class Americans, that will deliver a huge windfall to the wealthiest Americans, and that will send a tsunami of cash to American corporations. For what purpose? American corporations, today, are swimming in cash. They are profitable like never before. There is this fantasy that they will hire more people, but let’s actually listen to the corpora-tions. Cisco, Pfizer, and Coca-Cola have said they will take this money and they will return it to shareholders as, quite frankly, they probably should, since it is shareholder money. It is not going to go to new jobs. And remem-ber—this is the kicker—35 percent of shareholders of American corporations are foreigners. This is not a win. This is a loss for the American people. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LUBBOCK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize the Lubbock Cham-ber of Commerce and congratulate them and their 2,000-plus members as they gather for their annual awards ceremony this week. For over 100 years, the Lubbock Chamber of Commerce has brought these hardworking men and women to-gether to better our community. Their commitment to excellence has earned them national recognition as Amer-ica’s first and only chamber to be two- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.010 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9476 November 29, 2017 
time, five-star accredited and twice named Chamber of the Year. And as we say in Texas: ‘‘That ain’t braggin’ if it’s true.’’ I want to recognize a few of our hard-working business leaders who are being celebrated this week: Ambassador of the Year, Danny Soliz; Volunteer of the Year, Kathy Timms; Business Person of the Year, Chris Lonngren; Business of the Year, Bayer Crop Science; and Entrepreneur of the Year, Shara Konechney. Congrats to all of these folks. Congrats to my friend, Eddie McBride. Mr. Speaker, I thank them for their leadership, and thanks to all of our small businesses. They are the heart-beat of west Texas, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
BRING FORTH TAX REFORM THAT BENEFITS THE MIDDLE CLASS (Ms. PINGREE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I re-cently sat down with Mainers who are terrified of the Republican tax plan: In tears, a high school teacher listed the items she purchased for her stu-dents in need. Under this plan, she will no longer be able to deduct them. A cancer survivor told me how she now writes off thousands of dollars of medical expenses every year—no more, under the tax plan. A recent college graduate wondered how difficult it would be to achieve his career goals while paying off his stu-dent loan debt without a deduction for the interest. A dairy farmer talked about a tax ex-emption that has allowed farmers to have more control over their busi-nesses by forming co-ops. That is gone under the GOP tax scam. In 10 years, one in five Mainers will pay more in Federal taxes under this plan. Their sacrifices and our national debt will pay for generous benefits to massive corporations, foreign inves-tors, and the wealthiest of the wealthy. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to withdraw this thinly veiled handout to the one-percenters and bring forth tax reform that will actually benefit the middle class. 
f 
HONORING CAREER OF LOURDES MELUZA (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the distinguished career of Lourdes Meluza, who has re-cently retired after 39 years in jour-nalism. As a native from my homeland of Cuba and a graduate from the Univer-sity of Miami—Go Canes—my alma mater, I got to know Lourdes as she began her tenure as a writer for the Miami Herald, where she covered my first election to the Florida State House of Representatives. In 1987, Lourdes joined Miami’s Univision station, and shortly after, she became the network’s D.C. cor-respondent, reporting to millions of Hispanics in the U.S. about important policy issues being discussed in our Na-tion’s Capital. For over two decades, Lourdes inter-viewed Presidents and Members of Con-gress from both sides of the aisle and heads of state. Her professionalism has earned her our respect and admiration. Lourdes will be enjoying her well-de-served retirement in Coral Gables, in my congressional district. Lourdes told me that she never considered jour-nalism to be a career but, rather, an adventure. Mr. Speaker, to my esteemed amiga, I wish her all the best in her next ad-venture, and I look forward to seeing her in our south Florida paradise. Godspeed, Lourdes Meluza. Felicidades, amiga. f 
LEVEL THE PLAYING FIELD ON TAX REFORM (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, a $1.5 trillion deficit, that is what the so- called fiscally conservative Republican friends of mine want to add to our Na-tion’s already huge debt, a debt they decried for many years, a debt that, ac-cording to former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, Mike Mullen, is the great-est threat to our country in the coming decades. There is really no need of that—none. We can do tax reform that better ad-vantages the middle class and small businesses without adding $1.5 trillion to our debt. By simply making the tax benefits fairer among income groups, you can have growth-enhancing, def-icit-neutral tax reform with zero—yes, zero—addition to our debt and deficit. If a 25 percent tax rate is good enough for small businesses, it should be good enough for corporations. There is no need to eliminate the AMT for wealthy Americans earning over $250,000 or completely eliminating the estate tax. Tweak it, and you can protect every small business and farm in America with a very progressive Tax Code. Why should wealthy Americans get to deduct more expenses than working men and women? A 25 percent deduc-tion for expenses levels the playing field for everyone. Make these types of changes and you can get rid of the gimmicks in the Re-publican bill and benefit the middle class. There is no need to add $1.5 tril-lion to our debt. NOW IS THE TIME FOR TAX REFORM (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to highlight the importance of comprehensive tax reform for our fami-lies and businesses. It has been nearly 30 years since hardworking Americans have seen any significant changes made to our con-fusing Tax Code. Our current system is broken. I think we all agree on that. Taxes are too high, and our families and businesses are the ones paying the price, not to mention that nobody un-derstands it. Two weeks ago, I was proud to cast my vote to cut, simplify, and reform taxes, and now the ball is in the Sen-ate’s court. Thankfully, as of yester-day, legislation has passed both the Senate Finance Committee and the Senate Budget Committee, and now we expect a vote in the full Senate as early as this week. Under the Trump administration, we are growing the economy, but nothing can compare to the effect that tax re-form will have on jump-starting the economy, expanding small businesses, and creating jobs. America, it is time to go back to work. We are now closer than ever to making tax reform a reality, a new re-ality for families and businesses across America who deserve to keep more of their paychecks and have the oppor-tunity to grow their businesses. Mr. Speaker, I believe that we will uphold our important promise to de-liver tax reform legislation to Presi-dent Trump’s desk soon. 
f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL FAMILY CAREGIVERS MONTH (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in recognition of National Family Caregivers Month. Caregivers are our Nation’s hidden heroes. They foster family stability and help those with chronic and disabling conditions avoid costly out-of-home placements. In fact, family caregivers are very often the difference between costly institutional care or staying in their home. Family caregivers not only deserve our respect and gratitude, but also res-pite from the physical and emotional toll of ensuring their loved ones re-ceive the care that they need. But if the caregivers themselves aren’t tak-ing care of their own needs, they are not going to be very effective at taking care of their loved ones. Mr. Speaker, almost 44 million Amer-icans are providing over $470 billion in uncompensated care each year, if we had to put a dollar figure on it. These caregivers are our grandparents, par-ents, spouses, siblings, children, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.013 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9477 November 29, 2017 
even our grandchildren. They are often the lifeline to accessible, quality care at home. We in Congress need to do our part to support these heroes by passing the Lifespan Respite Care Reauthorization Act, which my good friend Representa-tive G
REGG HARPER and I have intro-duced. It is the least that we can do in appreciation of the sacrifice these fam-ily caregivers make each and every day. 
f 
CONGRATULATING PHIL BERTOLINI (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor an impressive and dedicated public servant in Oak-land County, Michigan, Phil Bertolini, who is being honored here in Wash-ington, D.C., this week. Phil is the chief information officer of Oakland County and has been recog-nized as the 2017 Public Official of the Year by Governing magazine. Phil has spent most of his career handling technology issues for the county and has, most notably, spear-headed a program to help smaller com-munities gain access to better tech-nology. In 2011, Phil created a process online allowing smaller governments to take advantage of Oakland County’s state-of-the-art computing services through G2G Cloud Solutions. Due to Phil’s hard work and dedica-tion, Oakland County’s G2G Cloud So-lutions now provides services to 82 agencies in Michigan and 721 users throughout the United States. Phil’s experience and innovative mindset has earned Oakland County national rec-ognition as a tech leader, being named as the second-most digitally advanced county in the country. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to con-gratulate Phil Bertolini on being rec-ognized as the 2017 Public Official of the Year. I would like to personally recognize and thank him for his tire-less efforts and unwavering dedication to the community. 
f 
TAX SCAM (Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, what do these people have in common: a teach-er who buys a prom dress for her stu-dent; a teacher who buys crayons and pencils for her students; a teacher who buys packages of paper for his stu-dents; my mom, who calls me and says, ‘‘Don’t cut my Medicare. Don’t let them cut my Medicare’’; the person who has a heart attack or is paying hard-earned money for his or her can-cer treatment? None of those people will be able to write off their medical expenses or their educational expenses. My mom and other seniors will see a $25 billion cut in Medicare. What they have in common is that this tax scam will hurt all of them, as opposed to the folks who are the rich-est among us. The corporations who are doing very, very well, they will see the tax benefits. This is not a tax plan, it is a tax scam, and our people that we serve de-serve better. f 
CONDEMNING BUREAUCRATS AT CFPB (Mr. HARRIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to condemn the out-of-control, President Obama-appointed bureau-crats over at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. The CFPB has al-ways been notorious for its question-ably illegal agenda, but the agency and its leadership crossed the line last week when its Director, Richard Cordray, resigned. Before he left, he attempted to cir-cumvent the President’s authority by illegally appointing another bureau-crat to replace him. But instead, Presi-dent Trump, under the Federal Vacan-cies Reform Act of 1998, appointed Mr. Mick Mulvaney to temporarily head the CFPB. Instead of allowing Mr. Mulvaney to fill the vacancy and get the CFPB working again, that bureaucrat, Leandra English, with the support of Mr. Cordray, tried to stage a coup against the President and Mr. Mulvaney by taking the President to court. Mr. Speaker, partisan career bureau-crats will do anything they can to dis-credit the President and block his pol-icy agenda. This behavior is exactly why President Trump ran for office in the first place. We need to drain the swamp, and let’s start with the CFPB. I applaud our judicial system for up-holding the rule of law and confirming Mr. Mulvaney’s right to lead the CFPB. We cannot allow petty partisan politics over at CFPB to obstruct our govern-ment’s ability to govern. 
f 
b1230 THE TAX BILL (Mr. SARBANES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, as Congress careens toward passage of a massive rewrite of our Tax Code, we ought to look at the process that got us here. This tax bill has seen no hear-ings, no expert testimony, and abso-lutely no honest efforts to build bipar-tisan support. This is a terrible shame and the result is a terrible sham. Who are the ones calling the shots on this tax bill? The corporate lobbyists and the big money donors who will make out like bandits. They are the ones who will walk away with a smile on their face and money in their pocket. Meanwhile, millions of hardworking Americans will see their taxes increase under this plan. The latest numbers from the CBO say that 82 million Americans will be worse off. A good tax plan would be trying to address widening wealth and income inequality in our country. A good tax plan would be seeking to invest in our people and our infrastructure. It would seek to help working families and build up the middle class. But this plan does the opposite. Mr. Speaker, I urge my Republican colleagues to pull the plug on this tax proposal that is of, by, and for the wealthy and well-connected. We can, and we must, do better for all Ameri-cans. f 
HONORING LARRY EARL ROBERTSON (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the men and women who deliver the mail in rural America. The work is not easy. As the National Rural Letter Carriers’ Asso-ciation notes, these carriers are essen-tially post offices on wheels, providing many of the same services to rural residents that urban dwellers take for granted. One such rural carrier was Larry Earl Robertson from Jessieville, Arkansas. Larry was my mailman for more than 25 years and, as many rural letter car-riers throughout our country can at-test, he was a part of our family. He knew my wife and children, just as we knew his family. He was an integral part of our community and played an important role in the lives of rural Garland County residents. Simply put, Larry was a friend to everyone. Just as Larry was a friend to all, he was also a faithful Christian and family man. Through his service—at just 54—he had made an important and lasting im-pact on his community, as many rural letter carriers do. That is why it was especially sad when we received word of his untimely passing last week. In the pain and grief of death, we take comfort in the words of Christ who said: ‘‘I am the resurrection and the life. He who believes in Me, though he may die, he shall live.’’ May we all strive to do our jobs with diligence and a smile and positively impact our communities as Larry Rob-ertson impacted his. 
f 
NET NEUTRALITY (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, in a year where we are dealing with healthcare, immigration, and, yes, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.015 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9478 November 29, 2017 
taxes, I am very pleased by the volume of mail that I have gotten from my constituents on all of those issues. But I have to tell you the one issue that my constituents have contacted me most on is net neutrality. I hear from young people and college students, many who have been calling for the first time about wanting an internet that is free from the meddling of a few large internet providers. As we know, the internet is perhaps one of the most important advances of our time. It is a tool that allows citi-zens to connect from all over the coun-try and even the world and improves the quality of life. From elementary to graduate level students, all would be affected if the title II regulations were changed. From the student finishing homework to military families keeping in touch, we need a free and open internet. So why attack an institution that benefits millions for the gain of a few big cable companies? Please join me in contacting the FCC to tell them net neutrality matters to our constituents and it certainly mat-ters to all of us. 
f 
GUN VIOLENCE (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, this past weekend, as Americans across this country were enjoying Thanksgiving with their fami-lies, over 438 Americans were victims of gun violence. So what is the response of the House Republican leadership? Advancing the misguided Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act that would evis-cerate State laws meant to keep people safe from gun violence. This bill being marked up today in the Judiciary Committee would put lives at risk by forcing all States to recognize weapon permits from other States, regardless of how lax State per-mitting laws may be. House Republicans have no right to curtail the safety reforms that New York and other States have put in place to protect their citizens. That is why law enforcement organizations from across the country strongly op-pose this legislation. It should never come to the floor. Americans deserve a better deal and more protection from gun violence, not less. 
f 
HONORING RABBI WEISSMANDL WITH THE CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of a man whose heroic legacy must never be forgotten. At a time when the stakes could not have been higher, Rabbi Weissmandl risked everything to save the Jewish people of Slovakia from the horrors of the Nazi regime. Forming an under-ground organization called the Work-ing Group, Weissmandl led an effort to bribe German officials, ultimately suc-ceeding to delay mass deportations. We cannot emphasize enough the great personal risk Rabbi Weissmandl took on. Had he bribed the wrong offi-cial or approached a Hitler supporter, he would have been killed. Yet, despite that real danger, he persevered and demonstrated an unyielding deter-mination to stop the slaughter of the innocent. In 1945, Weissmandl reached the shores of America, ultimately settling in New York. Even after the war, he worked to improve Holocaust sur-vivors’ lives by establishing the first Yeshiva campus in America. Mr. Speaker, Rabbi Weissmandl is truly a hero. At great personal risk during the darkest of times, he helped those who were desperate. It is only ap-propriate we honor him with the high-est civilian honor, a Congressional Gold Medal. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to Weissmandl’s legacy by cosponsoring H.R. 2740. f 
MOURNING THE LOSS OF SPE-CIALIST CARLTON BUTLER OF NORTH MIAMI, FLORIDA (Ms. WILSON of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to share sad news from my dis-trict. Miami is mourning the loss of an-other young American hero who died while serving our great Nation. Specialist Carlton Butler from North Miami, who was just 22 years old, was found dead at Fort Bragg in North Carolina last Saturday evening. He was a paratrooper assigned to B Company, 2nd Battalion 505th Parachute Infantry Regiment. The circumstances of his death are under investigation and are very troubling to me and to his family. Like Sergeant La David Johnson, my constituent who was killed last month during an ambush in Niger, Specialist Butler made an immediate and over-whelmingly positive impression during his short tenure in the military. Like Sergeant Johnson’s family, Specialist Butler’s family is left wondering why and how their soldier’s life ended in such a suspicious manner. They have many questions, and so do I. I am determined to help get the an-swers they need to heal. Both families need answers in order to heal. I will not stop pushing until these families are satisfied. When such devastating losses occur, we owe it to them to find answers as quickly as possible. These answers are not acceptable: ‘‘We really don’t know.’’ ‘‘We are inves-tigating.’’ ‘‘We can’t say that.’’ Mr. Speaker, we seek the truth and our military families deserve the truth. THE REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN (Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute.) Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the tax bill being debated in the Senate. Under this bill, by 2027, those making $1 million and over will see the biggest tax cuts. All the while, by 2021, fami-lies earning just $10,000 to $30,000 would start seeing their taxes increase. By 2027, taxes would increase for all Amer-icans earning $75,000 a year or less. The Senate bill repeals a vital part of ObamaCare and would lead to increased premiums and 13 million people becom-ing uninsured. This bill is disastrous for America, California, and my district. In 2027, California residents will suffer from an over-$12 billion tax increase. Mr. Speaker, I urge my Senate col-leagues to oppose the GOP tax bill. f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tion as a member of the Committee on Small Business: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 28, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: This letter is to in-form you that due to my election to the Committee on Homeland Security, I am re-signing my seat on the Committee on Small Business. It has been a privilege and an honor to serve with Chairman Chabot and address the issues facing small businesses in our country. I look forward to continuing to serve small businesses and my constituents in other capacities. Very Respectfully, D
ONBACON , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
f 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the House Republican Con-ference, I send to the desk a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 634 Resolved, That the following named Mem-bers be, and are hereby, elected to the fol-lowing standing committees of the House of Representatives: C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS : Mr. Cur- tis. C
OMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY : Mr. Bacon. C
OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS : Mr. Curtis. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:43 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.017 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9479 November 29, 2017 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3017, BROWNFIELDS EN-HANCEMENT, ECONOMIC REDE-VELOPMENT, AND REAUTHOR-IZATION ACT OF 2017, AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3905, MINNESOTA’S ECO-NOMIC RIGHTS IN THE SUPERIOR NATIONAL FOREST ACT Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 631 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 631 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3017) to amend the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Com-pensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to reau-thorize and improve the brownfields pro-gram, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-40 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amend-ed, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce; and (2) one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3905) to require congressional ap-proval of any mineral withdrawal or monu-ment designation involving the National Forest System lands in the State of Min-nesota, to provide for the renewal of certain mineral leases in such lands, and for other purposes. All points of order against consid-eration of the bill are waived. An amend-ment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-41 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous ques-tion shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amend-ment thereto, to final passage without inter-vening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Natural Resources; (2) the further amendment printed in the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be in order without intervention of any point of order, shall be considered as read, shall be separately debat-able for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, and shall not be subject to a demand for a division of the question; and (3) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Wyoming is recognized for 1 hour. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. b1245 GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of House Resolution 631, which provides a closed rule for consideration of H.R. 3017, Brownfields Enhancement, Economic Redevelopment, and Reau-thorization Act of 2017; and a struc-tured rule for H.R. 3905, Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior Na-tional Forest Act. Mr. Speaker, brownfield refers nor-mally to abandoned or closed commer-cial or industrial properties that may be contaminated because of their prior use. These sites often represent a tre-mendous amount of untapped economic potential. However, developing that po-tential is complicated by the presence of hazardous substances or contami-nants. The Environmental Protection Agen-cy has estimated that there are more than 50,000 brownfields in the United States. The brownfields program has enjoyed broad bipartisan support and has been critical in converting these vacant sites into tax-generating prop-erties and, eventually, well-paying jobs for American citizens. As of May 1, 2017, the program has as-sessed 26,722 sites, and they have lever-aged over 124,760 jobs. On average, Mr. Speaker, over $16 is leveraged for every EPA brownfields dollar spent, and 8.5 jobs are leveraged per $100,000 of EPA brownfields funds. States all over the country have ben-efited from this grant program. In my home State of Wyoming, we put brownfield grants to use in cities like Casper, Cheyenne, Sheridan, Evanston, Kemmerer, Laramie, and Dubois. Brownfield sites have been revital-ized using these funds in places like the Minute Maid Park in Houston, Texas; development in the neighborhoods around Danville, Illinois; and the Gri-jalva Park at Santiago Creek in Or-ange, California. The brownfields program has been ex-pired, Mr. Speaker, since 2006, and it is high time we reauthorize this critically important grant program. The brownfields program has enabled local communities to clean up and re-purpose vacated sites, utilizing them for meaningful economic development, while responsibly cleaning up haz-ardous sites. This is an important step in maintaining and improving what has been a demonstrably effective program. Mr. Speaker, the rule we consider today also provides for consideration of a very important bill, H.R. 3905, Min-nesota’s Economic Rights in the Supe-rior National Forest Act, which was in-troduced by my colleague, the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ). H.R. 3905 requires congressional ap-proval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving the National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota and provides for the renewal of certain mineral leases in those lands. This is necessary, Mr. Speaker, be-cause in the final hours of the Obama administration, the administration withdrew hundreds of thousands of acres in Minnesota from mineral devel-opment and improperly terminated two Federal mineral leases. The effect of this decision halted po-tential mining projects in Minnesota, robbing the region of 650 direct and 1,300 indirect jobs, as well as the tax revenue the mining operation would bring. Mining jobs, Mr. Speaker, are good, high-paying jobs. The average mining wage in Minnesota is roughly $25,000 a year higher than the average wage in the State. Coming from a State where we mine more coal than any State in the Na-tion, I understand and appreciate the economic development mining projects can bring to a region. We also under-stand the burden that can be imposed by working with the Federal Govern-ment on these projects in Wyoming. Roughly half my State, Mr. Speaker, is comprised of Federal lands. Receiv-ing the appropriate authorizations to drill or mine on these lands can be a lengthy and cumbersome process that delays projects for many years. Ultimately, Mr. Speaker, we must improve our Federal regulatory process so we can better harness the vast nat-ural resources we have in our country, while still protecting and conserving our environment. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I encourage support for the rule for these impor-tant bills, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentlewoman from Wy-oming for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, to-day’s rule provides for the consider-ation of two bills. The first piece of legislation, H.R. 3017, is a bipartisan compromise to ex-tend the EPA’s brownfields program. The successful brownfields program as-sists communities across this country in cleaning up contaminated sites to reduce pollution and health risks and spur economic development. Although funding for this program has enjoyed broad support over the years, its authorization lapsed in 2006; 11 years ago. It is certainly long past time for this important program to be reauthorized. I appreciate the work of Republicans and Democrats on both the Energy and Commerce and Trans-portation and Infrastructure Commit-tees in coming together to produce this legislation. Mr. Speaker, this is how the process is supposed to work. There was a hear-ing, and there was a markup. I should 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:15 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.021 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9480 November 29, 2017 
say, for the R ECORD , the majority could have issued an open rule, instead of a closed rule. But I am not even going to criticize that today, Mr. Speaker, be-cause experts on this issue came to-gether to negotiate it in a bipartisan manner, and the result is a good piece of legislation that I look forward to voting for later this week. I commend Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. P ALLONE , and all those who worked together, and I just want to say for the R
ECORD , as one who routinely gets up here and criticizes the majority for issuing closed rules and structured rules all the time, I do so not just as a knee-jerk reaction to what they produce in the Rules Committee. I do it because usually they do closed rules and structured rules to basically stifle a deliberative process. They do it to shut off debate and to shut out other people’s opinions. Quite frankly, the majority’s record on rules is abysmal. In this case, what we are doing is bringing forward something that rep-resents a bipartisan process. I wish this wasn’t an anomaly. I wish that the ma-jority would understand that, in the House of Representatives, the views of Democrats are just as important as the views of Republicans. If you want to get things done, you need to come to-gether in the spirit of compromise and work together for the good of the American people, not just for the good of one political party, not just so you can issue a press release, not just so you can play gotcha games, but actu-ally produce things that are meaning-ful. If the Republican leadership would drop their all-or-nothing approach to governing more often, support genuine bipartisan negotiations and com-promise, and open up the process on all pieces of legislation, both minor and substantial, we might be able to get something done around here. Maybe we could have more than 12 bills of any sort of real significance signed into law. This rule also brings to the floor leg-islation, I am sad to say, that would do irreparable harm to our federally pro-tected land by allowing a foreign com-pany the ability to use a half-century- old lease to mine right next door to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilder-ness. H.R. 3905 would allow a Chilean min-ing company, which is facing tens of millions of dollars in fines from the Chilean Government for their failure to protect nearby water resources, the ability to mine just upstream of pris-tine U.S.-protected land. This is all based on a 50-year-old lease—a lease that didn’t go through any environmental review because NEPA didn’t exist yet. There are Mem-bers of this Chamber who weren’t even born when this lease was signed. My colleagues in the majority will claim that this bill will help create jobs, but what about the 22,000 jobs that the local protected land already supports? What will happen to those jobs when the water is so polluted that no one can visit the recreational area around the mine? The truth is, this isn’t about jobs. It is about helping a few rich owners of mining companies line their pockets at the expense of the environment. In fact, the recipient of this Republican handout is a subsidiary of a Chilean company, Antofagasta, which is con-trolled by Chilean billionaire Andronico Luksic Craig. And get this: he just happens to be the landlord of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner, President Trump’s daughter and son- in-law and senior advisers to the Trump White House. You cannot make this stuff up. This is part of a pattern of sketchy deals and questionable business contacts in-volving the President and his family and their closest advisers. Earlier this month, we learned that President Trump and his family made millions through a hotel in Panama fi-nanced by Colombian drug cartels and the Russian Mafia. We still don’t even know how these new deals will boost President Trump’s income or how his family profits off of the Presidency, be-cause we are 312 days into his Presi-dency, and we still haven’t seen his tax returns. Imagine if this were Hillary Clinton. Imagine if this were Barack Obama. Imagine the screams on the other side of the aisle demanding transparency and an open process. But when it comes to covering up all these sketchy deals on behalf of this President of the United States, there is silence. President Trump promised to drain the swamp, but, instead, he has created a cesspool. There are so many conflicts of interest, this administration is on a collision course with corruption. Mr. Speaker, we have only 6 legisla-tive days left before the government runs out of money, but the Speaker of the House thinks another corporate handout, this time to Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump’s landlord, is the most pressing issue that needs to be re-solved in Congress this week. If the Speaker wants some sugges-tions as things we ought to focus on this week, I know Democrats in this Chamber have a few. I can give you an example. Democrats think we should be debat-ing a funding bill to avert the coming shutdown on December 8, when the temporary spending bill expires. Democrats want to debate and pass the Dream Act, ending the turmoil this President has caused by upending the lives of 800,000 young immigrant DREAMers and their families. Democrats want to extend the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program, known as CHIP, and community health centers, whose authorization expired 2 months ago. Democrats think we ought to debate flood insurance reauthorization, which expires on December 8. Democrats want to pass additional hurricane relief to help those who are still recovering from devastating hurri-canes in Texas, Florida, and Puerto Rico. Democrats want to address funding for the Veterans Choice Program, which is set to run out of money before the end of the year. But instead, here we are, considering yet another ridiculous, extreme antienvironment bill. Mr. Speaker, my friends on the other side of the aisle love talking about re-turning this country to the way it used to be. I have seen the Make America Great Again stickers on many of their cars. I can think of no pastime more im-portant or more significant to our na-tional heritage and identity than our wilderness and protected areas. My friends and colleagues who have spent time in the Boundary Waters tell me how stunning it is. They say it is one of the most beautiful places in our coun-try. And we are going to risk polluting this national treasure with copper-sul-fide acid drainage running into the streams that feed the Boundary Waters? Worse yet, this bill makes these min-ing leases impossible to ever overturn, even should the Bureau of Land Man-agement conclude its environmental assessment and rule against further mining in this protected national for-est. This is a slippery slope. If we con-tinue to allow corporations to pillage our federally protected wilderness areas, we are opening the door to irre-versible damage. What is next? Clear- cutting in Yellowstone Forest? Oil drilling off the coast of Acadia Na-tional Park? Mr. Speaker, I beg my Republican friends to drop this assault on our pub-lic lands and urge the leadership of this House to bring up the urgent bills and priorities that we need to deal with be-fore adjourning in less than 3 weeks’ time. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule and to oppose efforts that will further degrade our natural resources. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I think it is important to be clear about exactly what H.R. 3905 does. H.R. 3905 does not eliminate environ-mental requirements. In fact, it will only allow mining as long as those strict environmental requirements are met. What it does do is allow Min-nesota itself to advance its State and local economies. I applaud my colleague from Massa-chusetts’ commitment and dedication to working together to try and come up with solutions about things like, for example, funding the government. I will just point out that if Democrats were, in fact, so dedicated to working with Republicans to fund the govern-ment and to begin to come to a solu-tion, to come to an agreement, perhaps 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.023 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9481 November 29, 2017 
their leadership would have shown up yesterday at the White House to have meetings and discussions about funding the government. It is awfully hard to claim that you are very dedicated and committed to that concept if you don’t have leaders who show up to the key meetings. I would also point out, Mr. Speaker, my colleague has called our bills and our process here ridiculous and ex-treme. b1300 I can’t help but note that what is truly ridiculous and extreme, Mr. Speaker, are the massive increases in ObamaCare premiums that my con-stituents all across Wyoming are now facing. My constituents are now facing a sit-uation, because of ObamaCare, because of this health plan that was supposed to provide coverage for everybody, low- cost coverage for everybody, that was supposed to guarantee access, guar-antee if you liked your doctor, you could keep him or her, guarantee that you would be able to afford healthcare, my constituents are now facing pre-miums that will bankrupt them. They are now receiving bills that demonstrate that their premiums next year, for example, for a retired married couple of two, the lowest amount that they can pay under the ObamaCare Bronze Plan is $2,700 a month. Now, that is absolutely unsustainable, and that is what is ridiculous and extreme. What we are doing today is making sure that we pass legislation that reau-thorizes the important brownfields pro-gram that restores rights to the State of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
CKINLEY ), the sponsor of H.R. 3017. Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule on H.R. 3017, the Brownfields Enhancement, Economic Redevelopment and Reau-thorization Act of 2017. I am proud to be the sponsor of this bill, which has broad bipartisan support, as you have been hearing about. It will reauthorize the very successful EPA program, brownfields program, for the first time since it was enacted. Like my colleague Mr. W
OODALL said last night in the Rules Committee, even though the brownfields site pro-gram is something that we all support, and brownfields is something we all have in our districts, working out the details of legislation like this is not easy, but the fact that we are here today with a compromise bipartisan bill and no amendment speaks volumes of how much support there is for H.R. 3017 and the brownfields program. There is no dispute that the EPA brownfields program has been a suc-cess. As you just heard from the gen-tlewoman from Wyoming, the program has resulted in over 27,000 properties being reassessed to start them on this road to being cleaned up, and it has re-sulted in over 129,000 new jobs. Over the life of the program, the Fed-eral dollars invested have resulted in over $25 billion in leveraged private in-vestment. This is a program we all should support, and we all should en-courage our colleagues on the Appro-priations Committee to fully fund this program in the future. I have confidence that H.R. 3017 will make the brownfields program even more successful, and I urge my col-leagues to be in support of the rule and to vote for the bill on final passage. I want to thank my committee chair-man, JOHN SHIMKUS , for his work and the staff’s work in bringing this bill to-gether in a fine, compromised fashion. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to just re-spond to my colleague from Wyoming, you know, when she raised the issue of why our Democratic leaders didn’t show up to the meeting at the White House. Maybe she didn’t catch the President’s tweet in which the Presi-dent made it very clear he didn’t see a deal. I am glad our leaders didn’t show up because they are not props, and we in the minority are not props either to be rolled out, to give the appearance of bi-partisanship or give the appearance that somehow you are working with us when, in fact, you are not. The President showed his hand. He had no interest in a deal, no interest in working with us. And I would say that is one of the problems in this House of Representatives, that the reason why we are not more productive in getting things done and producing real legisla-tion to help the American people is be-cause there is no bipartisanship, very little. I made one exception to the issue on this brownfields legislation, but on the big bills, nothing. The gentlewoman brought up the Af-fordable Care Act. You know, what was her solution to the Affordable Care Act? What was the Republican major-ity’s solution to making the Affordable Care Act better? I mean, bringing a bill to the floor under the most closed proc-ess that you can possibly imagine, a bill that would throw 23 million Ameri-cans off of health insurance, what are my friends thinking? When people talk about healthcare reform and improving the Affordable Care Act, they talk about lowering prices; they talk about more accessi-bility; they talk about more people getting coverage. What the Repub-licans brought to the floor was a bill that would throw 23 million Americans off of health insurance. That is their solution. That would take away essen-tial benefits protection for people who desperately need health insurance to deal with this opiate crisis and a whole bunch of other things. So we don’t want any lectures about what is extreme and what is ridiculous in this House of Representatives. The way the majority conducts business in this House is extreme and ridiculous. The legislation, whether it is their at-tempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act or even this tax bill that is a give-away to corporate special interests and is going to raise taxes on people earn-ing $100,000, that is extreme, that is wrong. So, Mr. Speaker, I would just say to my Republican friends, again, you know, if you want to get things done, if you want to work with us, you have got to treat us as more than just props. You have to enter into good faith nego-tiations. And I would say, if you did that, we actually might get some things done around here that might improve the quality of life for every-body in this country. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I would just note, in response to my friend and colleague from Massachusetts, that if the gentleman’s leaders are so fragile that they are scared off by a tweet, then probably they need some new leaders. And I don’t suspect that his ar-gument really is they couldn’t go to the meeting because they were scared because of a tweet. We do need to work together to get things done. We are hard at work doing that. In that regard, Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
HIMKUS ), the chairman of the En-vironment Subcommittee, who oversaw this bill. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and my good friend, Mr. M
CGOVERN , for the kind words. What we did here was simple. It is not always simple to get through the legislative process, but what we at-tempted to do was reauthorize a bill that hadn’t been authorized. Appro-priated dollars were being spent. It has been the focus of the Repub-lican Congress to make sure we reau-thorize programs, and we do that to fix things that have gone wrong over the years or because a changing environ-ment has occurred. The last time the bill was really au-thorized was 2002. Fast-forward 15 years, there are things changed. The authorization amount was set. We ac-tually spent more than the authoriza-tion amount. People love this program, but we have got to update it to the modern day, and we need to fix some of the items. Those are reflected in this bill, and I appreciate the Rules Committee hearing the debate, addressing some of the concerns, and deciding that this bill can come to the floor. As it was stated, no amendments were offered to debate on this floor, which I think is a great process. Simply put, I have a friend from Houston, Texas, who is very proud of the Houston Astros, and he will cite Minute Maid Park. Minute Maid Park is on a brownfields. So if you looked at the World Series and you saw that beautiful facility, well, that is the re-sult of the brownfields program that we are now trying to update and fix. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.025 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9482 November 29, 2017 
The stats are pretty clear. I mean, you get a $16 return for every dollar we put in at the Federal level. That is a great return on investment. Jobs are increased by every projection, and even local land values around the brownfields, the property values in-crease around them. This and more will be debated and discussed when we bring the bill to the floor tomorrow. This rule helps us do that. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, one other thing I will end on, and I know we will have a lot of debate and frus-tration and controversy, but this did go through regular order. We had a hearing. We had a subcommittee mark. As Mr. M
CGOVERN mentioned, we had a full committee mark. We invested with our Democratic colleagues—they brought some ideas; some were accept-ed; some were rejected; some of the ones that we had they rejected—and we have a pretty good product to bring as part of this rule. I would ask my colleagues to support the rule so we can bring the bill to the floor, and I thank my colleagues on the Rules Committee for making it hap-pen. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just want to again re-spond to my colleague from Wyoming when she again raised the issue as to why our leaders didn’t show up to the White House. It is not because they have a fragile ego. It is because they didn’t want to waste their time. It is because they didn’t want to be a prop or just be there for a photo op. It is be-cause they are actually focused on try-ing to do the people’s business, and they are tired of the gamesmanship. If the gentlewoman wants to talk about fragile egos, I would suggest that she observe the behavior of the man who is in the Oval Office. I mean, this is a guy who will get into a Twitter war with a basketball player’s father. I would say that, and I would just re-spectfully urge my Republican col-leagues, now is the time for an inter-vention because we have serious busi-ness to deal with in this country: there are issues of war and peace; there are issues of domestic security; there are issues of economic security that we have to deal with; and instead, we are dealing with constant nonsense coming out of the White House. So it is time for the Republican majority to inter-vene and to say to the President, ‘‘Enough is enough.’’ Mr. Speaker, you know, for weeks, tax experts have been reporting that the Republican tax plans would raise taxes on millions of middle class fami-lies in order to cut taxes for the wealthy and corporations. Their pro-posed legislation may directly benefit President Trump and his family mem-bers to the tune of tens of millions of dollars, according to independent anal-yses. President Trump has denied this, stating that he would be a bigger loser if the House GOP tax bill is approved. Well, without his tax returns, we simply have no way of knowing exactly how much President Trump stands to gain from the tax bill. The American people deserve to know whether or not our President is directly benefiting from legislation that would hurt mil-lions of Americans. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up Represent-ative ESHOO ’s bill, H.R. 305, which would require Presidents and major party nominees for the Presidency to release their tax returns. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, as I stated earlier, there are so many con-flicts of interest in this administra-tion, and especially with this Presi-dent. This administration is on a colli-sion course with corruption. It is time for Democrats and Republicans to stand up and to be united and to de-mand a little sunshine on what the re-ality is. To discuss our proposal, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. E
SHOO ). The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule, and I urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question so that the House can vote on my bipartisan legislation, the Presidential Tax Trans-parency Act. This bill codifies the longstanding, bipartisan tradition of Presidents and Presidential nominees disclosing their tax return information to the American people. The Republican majority and the President are currently working in overdrive to pass a distorted tax bill that will raise the taxes on 82 million middle class families. It takes one’s breath away. I and many others have spoken at length about the harm this bill will do to the middle class, from targeting the mortgage interest deduction, to raising the cost of higher education and grad-uate school for student loans, to lim-iting the deductibility of State and local taxes. And, at a time when our country is recovering from several nat-ural disasters, including major wildfires in California where 14,000 Californians have lost their homes, the House-passed bill eliminates the deduc-tion for personal property losses result-ing from natural disasters, which I find to be especially cruel. While it is very clear that the Repub-lican tax bill will harm the middle class, it is less clear how the bill will benefit one taxpayer in particular, if he pays any taxes: the President of the United States of America. Mr. Trump is the wealthiest Presi-dent in our Nation’s history, but he is also the only President, going back to Gerald Ford and all Presidents moving forward who voluntarily put out their tax returns—he is the only one—to refuse to release his tax returns, a lapse in disclosure that is made all the more troubling given his all-out push for tax cuts for the wealthiest at the expense of the middle class and others in our country. b1315 How can Americans have any con-fidence in what is going on? They are not fools. They understand that we are swimming around in conflicts of inter-est, and nothing is being done about it. Today, Republicans have an oppor-tunity. And while we cannot know ex-actly how the Republican tax bill will benefit the President, until he releases his tax returns, we can be sure that this tax bill, which is skewed toward the top 1 percent, will benefit the bil-lionaire Commander in Chief and his family. What an example for the Amer-ican people. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentle-woman from California. Ms. ESHOO. The Republican tax bill cuts the tax rate for so-called pass- through businesses, which is how many of the Trump family’s businesses are structured, including hotels, golf courses, and real estate developments. Specifically, the tax rate for passive business income, which is derived from licensing, royalties, and other arrange-ments that the Trump organization specializes in, will be cut from 39.6 per-cent to 25 percent in the Republican tax scam bill. That same bill also repeals the alter-native minimum tax, which we know from Mr. Trump’s leaked 2005 tax re-turn forced him to pay an additional $26 million in taxes that year. Without the AMT, he is completely off the hook and would, essentially, have a measly 3 percent effective tax rate: another great example for the American people. It is no wonder they don’t trust Wash-ington, D.C. Lastly, the Republican tax bill dou-bles the estate tax exemption to $22 million, and guess who wins again? Mr. Trump. Mr. Speaker, only with full disclo-sure of the President’s tax returns will we know how much he and his family will benefit from this Republican tax scam. That is why I urge my colleagues to stand up for transparency, listen to the will of the American people, and vote on this bipartisan legislation. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.027 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9483 November 29, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have a very tough job. They have to argue for poli-cies that have failed and argue for poli-cies that we have actually had to live through the failure of those policies over the last 8 years. My colleague on the Rules Com-mittee, the gentleman from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), asked us to imagine if Hillary Clinton were Presi-dent, and imagine if Barack Obama were President. Mr. Speaker, we don’t have to imagine. We lived through Barack Obama’s Presidency. We know that we would be, today, living through completely stagnant growth, a stran-gled military unable to meet its com-mitments around the world, out-of-con-trol Federal agencies, a Federal Gov-ernment that believed it had an obliga-tion to run every aspect of people’s lives across this country, and, at the same time, the Federal Government telling people that they were forced to purchase insurance they didn’t want and they didn’t need. We know that has failed. We know that the whole system that the Demo-crats believed would work, in terms of bringing healthcare costs down, fun-damentally failed. You cannot force people into the insurance pools. The concept was, if you forced the young, healthy people in, you would drop costs down for everybody. That is not what happened. I have sympathy for them because it is a tough job that they are under-taking, but it is very important that we argue based on the facts on this floor, Mr. Speaker. In fact, the tax bill that I hope will come back from the Senate—the tax bill that we passed out of the House, and one that we will take to conference—reduces taxes for the middle class, reduces taxes for families all across this country, doubles the standard deduction, and takes steps to-wards making real what we know to be true, which is taxpayer dollars don’t belong to the government, Mr. Speak-er, taxpayer dollars belong to the American people. If we allow people to keep more of their own money, they will invest that money, they will grow our economy, and they will create jobs. That is how we are going to get this economy grow-ing and continue the expansion and economic growth that we have seen just since this President came into of-fice. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS). Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, I sincerely hope that our friends on the other side of the aisle will soon get over their obsession with the 2016 elec-tion and actually work with the major-ity on genuine tax reform, genuine healthcare reform, and, of course, Con-gressman E
MMER ’s good bill from Min-nesota, H.R. 3905, which I am proud to stand up and support today, to expand employment opportunities for my home State of Minnesota. Employers in the mining, energy, in-frastructure, and manufacturing indus-tries have been struggling to invest in projects and employees over the last 8 years. In fact, when a business finally fig-ures out a way to go forward, deter-mining the economic feasibility of a project, and decides to invest, then the Federal Government comes in and changes the rules, forcing them back to square one. Minnesota is all too famil-iar with this process. Last-ditch Federal, bureaucratic de-cisions are costing our citizens thou-sands of well-paying jobs, our commu-nities tax revenue, and our State edu-cational systems funding, and is cost-ing many Minnesotans their way of life. Over the past 100 years, Congress has studied and voted on where mining should and should not take place. Min-nesota has a proud history of pro-tecting the State’s natural beauty, while also encouraging safe mining, providing jobs for our citizens, espe-cially in the northeastern part of the State. That is why they call it the Iron Range. We now have private companies that are willing to invest in Minnesota, em-ploy our constituents, and grow our communities. And what has the Fed-eral Government done? They put up a road block, without congressional in-tent or input. The Federal Government is proposing to unilaterally ban mineral exploration and development on 235,000 acres of land that was meant to provide jobs in our State. Mr. Speaker, Congressman EMMER ’s bill does not undo environmental stud-ies, the bill does not fast-track mining, and it doesn’t even approve a mine. It is simply a vote to let the State of Minnesota review and approve mining operations, based on each individual’s projects, merits, and impacts. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. That is why the Laborers’ International Union of North America, International Union of Operating Engineers, Associated General Contractors of Minnesota, Jobs for Minnesotans Coalition, North America’s Building Trades Union, and United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America, to name a few, sup-port the bill. Congress has always respected what activities should be allowed to occur in the several States. This legislation makes certain the public and the State of Minnesota retain that authority. That is why I am proud to vote in favor of this rule and eventual passage of the MINER Act that allows Minneso-tans more opportunity. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my colleague from Wy-oming talks about this great tax bill that the Republicans have proposed. I would call her attention to an article in Politico/Morning Consult today, which said that 8 percent of Americans believe that the Senate should take the Republican House-passed tax bill and enact it as-is—8 percent. I don’t know how much lower you can get. I thought my friend’s healthcare bill had terrible ratings. I think it was like 17 percent of the American people sup-ported it. I don’t know how she can walk around and be proud of what she is trying to do here when the vast ma-jority of the people don’t want what you are selling. They believe that these policies will be harmful. We are supposed to be the House of Representatives—the people’s House— not the House of corporations, to give out special deals to mining companies, or to pass tax bills that benefit cor-porations at the expense of middle class families, or to pass healthcare re-form that is a giveaway to insurance companies and rips away health cov-erage from millions and millions of people. I mean, come on. Mr. Speaker, as I said, we believe in transparency on this side of the aisle, and we need to know what is behind some of these proposes in this tax bill, to find out who is benefiting and who is not. We know a lot of middle class fam-ilies will not benefit. They are going to see their taxes increase. But we would like to know whether or not this Presi-dent is going to benefit. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY). Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Massachusetts for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer a special welcome to the President of the United States as he visits my home State of Missouri, which has a great need for brownfield remediation. I understand that President Trump’s visit will focus on the indefensible, reckless Republican tax scam that will raise taxes on millions of middle class families. It will rob seniors, punish stu-dents, weaken higher education, strip healthcare coverage away from 13 mil-lion Americans, and explode the debt by charging an additional $1.4 trillion on the national credit card. Mr. Speaker, the majority likes to talk about family values, and there is no doubt that extremely wealthy fami-lies, like President Trump’s, will reap millions from your GOP tax scam. But what about real Americans who will pay more and get less? I would like President Trump to show me why he wants to raise taxes on over 320,000 middle class families in Missouri. I would like President Trump to show me why he wants to bury 255,000 Missouri students, who hold stu-dent loans, even deeper in debt by eliminating the deduction for student loan interest. I would like President Trump to show me why he wants to harm 165,000 seriously ill Missouri tax-payers, who will no longer be able to deduct medical expenses. And I would like him to show me why, when asked about the State level impact of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.029 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9484 November 29, 2017 
Trump-GOP tax scam, even the Repub-lican chairman of the Missouri House Budget Committee, State Representa-tive Scott Fitzpatrick of Shell Knob, told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch on No-vember 9: ‘‘We cannot have a billion- dollar hole blown in the budget. We cannot afford that.’’ I would like President Trump to show me why he wants to impose dou-ble taxation on every Missouri tax-payer, who will no longer be able to de-duct State and local income taxes. And I would like him to show me why he wants to weaken Medicare by rob-bing it of over $25 billion over the next 10 years to help pay for tax cuts for bil-lionaires. And, finally, I would like President Trump to show me how he intends to ever look middle class families in the face again when he promised to lower taxes for every American. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield an addi-tional 15 seconds to the gentleman from Missouri. Mr. CLAY. Instead, this shameful GOP tax scam will ensure that the haves will have more, and everyone else will pay for it. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. E
MMER ), the sponsor of H.R. 3905. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, today’s debate on H.R. 3905, Minnesota’s Eco-nomic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act, also known as the MINER Act, is not just important to the great State of Minnesota: this legislation is critically important to the United States. The MINER Act will reverse the mis-guided last minute actions of the Obama administration to stop any ex-ploration of one of the most valuable precious metal deposits in the world. The MINER Act will ensure that the people of Minnesota will have the op-portunity for jobs and economic pros-perity that would come if the deposit can ever be mined in an environ-mentally safe and responsible manner. The MINER Act will renew the Fed-eral Government’s commitment and promise to the citizens of Minnesota. When the Superior National Forest was created in 1909, and later when the Boundary Waters Canoe Area was es-tablished in 1978, there was an express agreement between the Federal Gov-ernment and the State of Minnesota that mining and logging could continue in the Superior National Forest. b1330 In fact, according to the most recent Superior National Forest Land and Re-source Management Plan, mining and logging are considered desirable condi-tions in the forest. This is about more than 10,000 jobs, which are now at risk because of the lameduck actions of the Obama admin-istration. This is about billions of dol-lars in revenue for Minnesota’s econ-omy and billions more in potential edu-cation funding for Minnesota’s schools that are now on the line. This is also about strategically im-portant metals and minerals, which are used by Americans every day. The MINER Act, again, is about protecting Minnesota’s right to explore and, if en-vironmentally appropriate, to mine valuable precious metals—precious metals that are not only necessary to our everyday technology, but which are critically important to our Na-tion’s national defense. There are some who would like to deny Minnesota the right to explore and potentially mine these precious metals. They argue that any mining activity could negatively impact our beloved Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness. This concern, however, ig-nores the fact that if a mine is ever proposed—and one has not, but if one is ever proposed—in the Superior Na-tional Forest, it would have to satisfy all current local, State, and Federal environmental review and permitting requirements before it could ever be approved to proceed. We can and we will protect the Boundary Waters. I have no doubt we could find a way to preserve Min-nesota’s pristine landscape without permanently destroying any future job creation or economic development in Minnesota. By passing the MINER Act today, we protect thousands of jobs and billions of dollars in revenue and education funding while leaving an extensive process intact to protect and preserve the environment and our State. In conclusion, I encourage all of my colleagues to support the MINER Act, because we know that someday some-one might find a way to mine these im-portant precious metals in a safe and environmentally responsible way. And if that happens, Minnesota deserves the opportunity and the jobs and economic prosperity that will ensue. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the rule and the underlying bill. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter from Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton in opposition to H.R. 3905. 
STATE OF MINNESOTA , O
FFICE OF GOVERNOR MARKDAYTON , Saint Paul, MN, November 27, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: I write in strong op-position to HR3905, which I understand has passed out of Committee and is being re-viewed by House Majority Leadership for a floor vote. I implore you not to schedule a vote on this bill without a full vetting of the serious risks to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness from adjacent copper-nickel mining, the status of the two-year federal study currently underway, and the wishes of the majority of Minnesotans, who oppose copper-nickel mining in the immediate vi-cinity of the Boundary Waters. HR3905 is a bill, ‘‘To require congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving the Na-tional Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota, to provide for the renewal of cer-tain mineral leases in such lands, and for other purposes.’’ HR3905 was introduced in response to the desires of a foreign mining company to use Congress to circumvent the deliberations of the U.S. Departments of In-terior and Agriculture and their agencies, the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) and the U.S. Forest Service (USFS), to determine whether copper-nickel mining can be con-ducted safely in this ecologically sensitive part of Minnesota. The Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilder-ness (BCWAW) is America’s most popular na-tional Wilderness Area, drawing visitors from all over the world to Northeastern Min-nesota to fish, hunt, and experience its inter-connected pristine lakes, rivers and streams. Additionally, the BWCAW contributes enor-mously to Minnesota’s social and economic well-being. In January, 2017, the BLM and the USFS began a comprehensive two-year study to de-termine whether copper-nickel mining, with its toxic by-product, sulfide ore, is appro-priate within the watershed and immediate vicinity of the BWCA. Specifically, this envi-ronmental review will determine whether the Superior National Forest lands next to the BWCAW should be removed from the fed-eral mining program to protect the Wilder-ness from pollution and other environmental degradation caused by the resulting sulfide ore. The study considers a wide variety of factors, including scientific evidence, public input, economic considerations, ecological characteristics, and recreational value, among others. I respectfully ask that you allow the com-pletion of this important review process. Over 126,000 Americans have submitted pub-lic comments as part of it. Many attended three public meetings conducted earlier this year by the BLM and USFS. Moving HR3905 forward at this time would disregard the input of all Americans, who have partici-pated in the process, as well as the views of the 79 percent of Minnesotans, who favor the two-year pause and environmental review of potential impacts to the BWCAW. The BWCAW is crucially important to our state, and I believe strongly that future fed-eral and state decisions about its future should be made only after the most careful and objective scientific review. I urge you to reject the attempts by a foreign mining cor-poration to short-circuit the review process underway, and to affirm the importance of a careful, objective analysis under the existing federal legal framework. Continuing this review process is the best way to allow for well-informed federal and state decisions, which will affect many fu-ture generations of Americans. Industry should not dictate the stewardship of tax-payer-owned public lands, nor use Congress to short-circuit sound decision-making—es-pecially regarding pristine Wilderness Areas like the BWCAW. Sincerely, MARKDAYTON , Governor. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I also include in the R
ECORD a letter from the Sportsmen for the Boundary Waters in opposition to the bill; a letter from the National Parks Conservation Associa-tion; and a letter from the Girl Scouts of Minnesota and Wisconsin Lakes and Pines in opposition to this bill. 
SPORTSMEN FOR THE BOUNDARY WATERS , Ely, MN, November 29, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members and supporters, we urge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.030 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9485 November 29, 2017 
you to OPPOSE H.R. 3905, the so-called ‘‘Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Supe-rior National Forest Act’’ when it is consid-ered on the House floor. Simply put, H.R. 3905 is a bill to allow sul-fide-ore mining at the edge of the Boundary Water Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW), di-rectly threatening one of America’s most ac-cessible and most-visited wilderness areas. At 1.1 million acres in size, the BWCAW is the largest wilderness east of the Rockies and north of the Everglades. This inter-connected system of lakes, rivers, and streams provides unparalleled opportunities for solitude, recreation, hunting and fishing. The connections between Northern Min-nesota’s national forests, Boundary Water Canoe Area Wilderness, Voyageurs National Park, and Quetico Provincial Park makes this entire trans boundary area extremely susceptible to the threat of pollution from sulfide-ore mining, one of the most toxic in-dustries in America, according to the EPA. H.R. 3905 would require congressional ap-proval of any mineral withdrawal or monu-ment designation involving National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota and would provide for the perpetual renewal of federal mineral leases in Minnesota, includ-ing two that were denied by the Forest Serv-ice and the Bureau of Land Management. The bill undermines the Antiquities Act, Na-tional Environmental Policy Act, Federal Land Policy and Management Act, Boundary Waters Wilderness Act, and other laws regu-lating mineral leasing in Minnesota’s na-tional forests. Contrary to the bill’s title, H.R. 3905 would do more harm than good for the economy of Northern Minnesota. Economic analysis by Key-Log Economics LLC shows that sulfide- ore mining on Superior National Forest lands in the watershed of the Boundary Waters could lead to the loss of nearly 5,000 jobs in tourism, 5,000 to 22,000 jobs in the rest of the economy, a $1.6 billion loss in annual income, and a $500 million reduction in pri-vate property values. Specifically, we urge opposition to this bill because it would: Renew two expired and undeveloped min-eral leases on Superior National Forest lands next to the Boundary Waters and along lakes and rivers that flow directly into the Wilder-ness, advancing a foreign mining company’s interests at the expense of beloved American public lands. Void the December 2016 record of decision by the Forest Service withholding its con-sent to two mineral lease renewal requests in the Superior National Forest due to the un-acceptable risks to this watershed, which ac-cording to the Forest Service holds 20 per-cent of the National Forest System’s fresh water supply. Undermine the National Environmental Policy Act by limiting review of these two mineral leases to a 30-day environmental as-sessment. Contrary to the bill language, there is no ‘pending EA.’ However, this sec-tion would override the ongoing two-year Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) ini-tiated by the Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management to carefully consider the potential impacts of sulfide-ore mining on the Boundary Waters watershed. The ongo-ing EIS is strongly supported by Minnesota’s Governor Dayton and by the citizens of Min-nesota. More than 79% of Minnesota voters support the study, while more than 126,000 citizens submitted comments during the scoping phase. Amend the 1906 Antiquities Act by man-dating Congressional approval for any na-tional monument designations in Min-nesota’s national forests. The Antiquities Act is a bipartisan conservation law, which has been used by Presidents of both parties, to protect irreplaceable federal lands from potential threats. Monument designation under the Antiquities Act have provided pro-tections for areas including the Grand Can-yon, Acadia, Zion, Muir Woods, and Olympic National Parks. Quite simply, this attack on the Antiquities Act is an attack against our national parks and monuments. Amend the 1976 Federal Land Policy and Management Act (FLPMA) by mandating Congressional approval for mineral with-drawals in Minnesota’s national forests. Ad-ditionally, FLPMA intentionally left intact the presidential power to protect public lands as monuments. Bar the Forest Service from complying with its legal obligations under the 1978 Boundary Waters Wilderness Act. In this Act Congress requires the Forest Service to maintain the high-water quality of the Boundary Waters and a Mining Protection Area within the Superior National Forest. The Forest Service concluded that sulfide- ore mining near the Boundary Waters would be ‘‘contrary to Congress’ determination that it is necessary to ‘protect the special qualities of the [BWCAW] as a natural forest- lakeland wilderness ecosystem of major es-thetic, scientific, recreational and edu-cational value to the Nation.’’’ Make all mineral leases on Minnesota’s na-tional forests essentially perpetual. The ‘per-petual’ nature of these leases is material change in long-standing mineral leasing law and policy. The bill would also override the two laws (1946 and 1950) on mineral leasing in Minnesota’s national forests that require Forest Service consent to any mining. Ignore the request of the International Joint Commission that environmental re-view of impacts on trans boundary water quality and cumulative effects be studied and the requests of four tribal entities (the area is Ceded Territory). Thank you for considering our concerns. In order to adequately protect iconic places like the Boundary Waters, Voyageurs Na-tional Park, and all of Minnesota’s public lands, and bedrock environmental laws like the Antiquities Act and the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act, we urge you to OP-POSE H.R. 3905. Sincerely, Backcountry Hunters & Anglers, Na-tional Wildlife Federation, Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership, Fly Fishers International, Minnesota Division Izaak Walton League of Amer-ica, American Fly Fishing Trade Asso-ciation, Pope and Young Club, keepitpublic.org. 
NATIONAL PARKS  C
ONSERVATION ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, November 6, 2017. Oppose H.R. 3905: Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : Since 1919, the Na-tional Parks Conservation Association (NPCA) has been the leading voice of the American people in protecting and enhanc-ing our National Park System. On behalf of our more than 1.3 million members and sup-porters nationwide, I urge you to oppose H.R. 3905: Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Su-perior National Forest Act when it is re-viewed at a markup by the Natural Re-sources Committee on Tuesday and Wednes-day, November 7th and 8th. NPCA strongly opposes this legislation as it undermines two decisions made by the U.S. Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) regarding harmful sul-fide-ore copper mining within the watershed of the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilder-ness and Voyageurs National Park. The leg-islation also carves out a special exception for Minnesota from protective provisions of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act (FLPMA) and the Antiquities Act. H.R. 3905 threatens the decision-making process already set in motion by the Forest Service to consider a twenty-year mineral withdrawal within the Superior National Forest in the Rainy River watershed. These public lands lie upstream of two prized and federally-protected areas, the Boundary Waters Wilderness and Voyageurs National Park. Both areas are easily threatened by pollutants from mining activities in this wa-tershed given the exclusive drainage into their waters. Tens of thousands of people have already submitted comments on this matter and over 2,000 have participated in agency-sponsored listening sessions. This legislation could erase the remarkable out-pouring of public support for clean water and public lands, and set a precedent for legis-lating a decision that could counter what our federal agencies and public want. The legislation also threatens the BLM’s decision, with advice from the Forest Serv-ice, not to renew two mineral leases on the edge of the Boundary Waters Wilderness held by Twin Metals Minnesota. Although the language of the legislation is unclear, it is possible its intent is to restrain Forest Serv-ice and BLM discretion on lease renewals while reinstating the Twin Metals leases. Congress has granted discretion to the For-est Service and BLM to assess the cir-cumstances and surrounding environment of any mineral lease application, including ap-plications for lease renewals. Based on this discretion, both agencies have determined that this region is too vulnerable for this type of risky mining, a type of mining never before allowed in Minnesota. Twin Metals would operate in the northeastern part of the state upstream of the Boundary Waters Wilderness that hosts some of cleanest water in America, and Voyageurs National Park, which encompasses over 84,000 acres of water relied upon by many native species. NPCA also strongly objects to carving out a special exception for Minnesota from the protective provisions of the Antiquities Act and FLPMA. The Antiquities Act allows the president to establish national monuments on federal lands already owned by all Ameri-cans. Nearly every president since 1906 (eight republicans and eight democrats) has used the Antiquities Act as a bipartisan conserva-tion tool to protect our nation’s history and culture. The bill would eliminate this au-thority on federal lands in Minnesota, mak-ing it only the second state declared off-lim-its for national monuments declared by pres-idential proclamation. To carve out excep-tions from this law is nothing short of a be-trayal to the American people and the land and history we’ve spent generations pro-tecting. FLPMA establishes the authority of the Secretary of the Interior to withdraw land from leasing for up to twenty years. Any final Forest Service and BLM decision to move forward with a twenty-year mineral withdrawal would be based on a thorough, science-based process through the National Environmental Policy Act. H.R. 3905 would eliminate this authority solely for Min-nesota, alone among the fifty states, and un-dermine the ability of the agencies to do their job, as appointed by Congress. Thank you for considering our views on this important legislation. Please reject H.R. 3905 during this week’s markup. Sincerely, A
NIKAME’ENUI, Director, Legislation and Policy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.008 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9486 November 29, 2017 
GIRL SCOUTS OF MINNESOTA AND  W
ISCONSIN LAKES AND PINES, November 26, 2017. D
EARMEMBER OF CONGRESS : I am writing to request you vote no on HR 3905, which is a bill that would stop a 2-year Forest Service study of environmental, economic, and so-cial risks to the Boundary Waters from sul-fide-ore copper mining on Superior National Forest lands in the headwaters of the Bound-ary Waters Canoe Area. For over fifty years, Northern Lakes Canoe Base has offered wilderness canoe trips in the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW). I guided Girl Scout canoe trips for five years and have directed our wilderness program for 7 years and am writing this let-ter to describe the strengths of this program to you and to underscore the fact that this one-of-a-kind program cannot exist any-where other than the Boundary Waters. Girls who come on our canoe trips may have had basic camping and canoeing experi-ences, but few have experience in wilderness travel. We typically serve 150–200 girls a summer. In general, girls travel in wilderness areas less than boys. Even in 2017, girls are taught to think that the outdoors is no place for a girl because it is hard work, dirty, and going to the mall is just much easier. We teach teenage girls, in a girl-only environment, that their individual strength and the power of teamwork is far greater than they ever imagined. They also learn that hard-work and dirt is part of the fun on a Boundary Waters canoe trip, and they leave with an appreciation for the beauty of wilderness and an understanding of the challenges they now know they can overcome. Girl Scout wilder-ness canoe trips bring out the best in teen-age girls; we see how creative, hardworking, and kind they can be to each other. It doesn’t take much imagination to believe that these traits will follow them back to their everyday life. We are a high quality, affordable program and pride ourselves in our thriftiness. We use our canoes for 20+ seasons and packs and paddles summer after summer. We do this so we can serve girls from all economic back-grounds, including local iron range and Na-tive American communities. For years we have received feedback from participants crediting their Boundary Waters experience for continued, life-long growth. Our program cannot exist some-where other than the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness. No other place on earth offers the perfect combination of ac-cessibility and high adventure that the BWCAW offers. Many of our participants drive to Ely from Chicago, Milwaukee, and Minneapolis. Many others fly to Minneapolis and then rent a car to get to Ely. Unlike many other wilderness areas which may be high on a mountain range or only accessible by high-clearance vehicles, it is easy for a mom or dad to drive a van full of girls to the Boundary Waters, send them on a trip, and then pick them up a week later. The Boundary Waters is also unique in that, unlike many other wilderness areas, visitors don’t require any previous experi-ence or training to have a safe, adventurous trip. Anyone seeking adventure and chal-lenge belongs on a canoe trip, not just body builders and endurance athletes. We have even seen that a Girl Scout canoe trip some-times inspires girls who may be uninterested in athletics or leadership to seek out her own creative ways to be active and healthy, leading to improved confidence and greater aspirations. Again, it doesn’t take much imagination to conclude that girls who expe-rience wilderness travel will go on to make the world a better place. Girl Scouts canoe trip participants always remark that the solitude they find in the Boundary Waters is unlike any they have found elsewhere, whether at their own Girl Scout resident camp or a state or national park. The quiet environment of a protected wilderness area gives them an opportunity to reflect on their life in a way that they could not in a non-wilderness setting. Girl Scouts end their canoe trip with a swagger to their step, ready to take on any challenge that comes their way. Thank you for doing your part to preserve the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness by voting no on HR 3905. It means a lot to all of us in Ely whose programs and businesses are focused around wilderness travel. Sincerely, A
NNMCNALLY , Northern Lakes Canoe Base Summer Program Director/Guide. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
OSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule and H.R. 3905, the Minnesota Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act. 17,000 jobs, $3 billion for education, $1.5 billion in annual wages, and $2.5 billion annually for our economy are at risk if we don’t pass H.R. 3905. Further, there are more than 4 billion tons of ore containing copper, nickel, and other metal resources within the area the previous administration tried to shut down, which represents the larg-est known undeveloped deposit of stra-tegic and critical minerals in the world. If left unchallenged, these political anti-mining and anti-education actions set precedent for a sweeping executive power grab that threatens commu-nities throughout the country. Edu-cation will be significantly harmed, as Minnesota is projected to lose up to $3 billion in royalty revenues for the State’s permanent school trust fund that would support nearly 900,000 K–12 students statewide if the withdrawal application and canceled leases are not rejected. As the President, on January 19, was leaving office, he actually proposed a massive land withdrawal in northern Minnesota, immediately placing 245,000 acres off limits to development poten-tially for 20 more years in the future. In conjunction with this massive mineral withdrawal, the Obama admin-istration’s Bureau of Land Manage-ment inappropriately rejected Twin Metals Minnesota’s application to renew two hard rock mineral leases in Minnesota’s Superior National Monu-ment. Finally, I want to put to rest the false claim raised by the extremist groups that this bill would affect the 1.1-million-acre Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness that already has a significant buffer between it and the forest. No one is advocating to mine in the wilderness or the surrounding buffer zones. In fact, the bill clearly states on page 4: ‘‘Nothing in this section may be construed as permitting the prospecting for development and utili-zation of mineral resources within the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilder-ness or Mine Protection Area.’’ Congress has authorized mining in the forest by law two different times, and the 1986 Forest Service and 2004 Forest Plans both concluded mining is a desired condition in the Superior Na-tional Forest. Mr. Speaker, I ask Members to sup-port this commonsense, job-creating bill and to support the rule to bring this bill to the floor for proper adju-dication. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, one of the reasons why many of us are opposed to H.R. 3905 is because we see it as a corporate give-away that puts treasured public lands in the hands of a Chilean mining con-glomerate. So much of what comes out of this Congress is about rewarding those who are well-connected and well-off, re-warding corporations at the expense of average citizens. I will go back to our previous ques-tion, which would force a vote. Every-thing would still move forward, but it would force a vote on a bill that was introduced by Ms. E
SHOO that would re-quire Presidents and Presidential nominees to release their tax returns. It is not just the connections be-tween the Trump family and this min-ing company that we have concerns about; it is the connections between this President and his administration and the tax bill that is being proposed that we know would raise taxes on mil-lions and millions of middle class fami-lies and basically give a big tax cut to the wealthiest individuals and to cor-porate special interests and to corpora-tions. We think that is all backwards, but I think the American people de-serve to know who benefits and who doesn’t. Again, for the life of me, I don’t un-derstand why so many of my Repub-lican friends have circled the wagons in opposition to transparency, in opposi-tion to letting the American people know where this President’s conflicts of interests are, and basically protect what I think may very well be multiple conflicts of interest and maybe con-flicts of interest that lead directly into a collision course with corruption. This is a big deal. All this legislation that we are talk-ing about here today, there is a good piece of legislation, the brownfields legislation; a bad piece, that is this mining bill. This still goes forward, but vote with us to defeat the previous question so that we can bring up this other bill. Now, my Republican colleague from Wyoming may say: Well, that is not what we are talking about here today. The Democrats are just trying to muddy up the discussion. The reason why we have to resort to a procedural motion to bring up this bill to force the President and Presi-dential nominees to release their tax 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:41 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.009 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9487 November 29, 2017 
returns is because the Rules Com-mittee shuts everything down that this leadership doesn’t want to see come to the floor. We can’t bring this bill to the floor to require the President to re-lease his tax returns under regular order and our normal process. They won’t let us. We can’t offer it as an amendment. They won’t let us. This is the only way we can do it. I would urge my Republican friends to stop defending the indefensible here. This thing would apply not just to Donald Trump, it would apply to every President. We have never had to do this before because every other President has released their tax returns. This President, for some reason, doesn’t think it is anybody’s business. Given the nature of the legislation coming out of this House of Represent-atives, I think the American people need to know and have a right to know. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would just, once again, point out that we have impor-tant work that we are trying to get done here, we have important work we have got to do on behalf of the Amer-ican people. Mr. Speaker, elections have con-sequences, and we have an obligation to do what our constituents sent us here to do, and that includes a whole range of things that we have been very effective at doing, historically effective in this body since January in terms of deregulation, in terms of passing the repeal of ObamaCare, in terms of mov-ing forward on tax cuts in terms of ac-tually passing the legislation to cut taxes, and importantly also, Mr. Speaker, moving forward to provide the resources that our military needs. We all watched just over the course of the last 24 hours as the North Kore-ans launched yet again another ICBM. We live in a dangerous world. It is in-creasingly dangerous, historically dan-gerous. Those are the issues that we are fo-cused on as Republicans and as Mem-bers of this House. Those are the issues that we need to focus our attention on. Again, I think we have grown to ex-pect, no matter what the rule is, no matter what the underlying bill is, we are going to hear the same thing from our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, not addressing the substance of these issues, not addressing the sub-stance of the things the American peo-ple sent us here to do. I am very proud to stand here today doing exactly that. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Wyoming (Ms. C
HENEY ) for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this rule for H.R. 3905 as well as the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, earlier this year I had the opportunity to travel to Minnesota with Minnesota Congressmen EMMER  and N
OLAN and others to visit the Su-perior National Forest in northeast Minnesota. While northeast Minnesota is a long way from the Fourth District of Ar-kansas, the people, areas, and the eco-nomics are somewhat similar. This is a rural area where local economies and constituencies depend on the ability to sustainably and responsibly harvest and mine the natural resources found there. Unfortunately, the previous adminis-tration placed the wants of special in-terest environmental groups before the needs of Minnesotans and others who depend on natural resources manage-ment. In my opinion, they trampled our Article I constitutional authority of the legislative branch when doing so. On January 19, 2017, one day before President Trump was sworn in, the Obama administration published a 235,000-acre Federal mineral with-drawal application in the Federal Reg-ister to impose a 20-year moratorium on lands within the Superior National Forest in northeast Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, this was in direct con-flict with the will of Congress and the law going back to when the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness was es-tablished. At the same time, the Obama admin-istration wrongly rejected Twin Metals Minnesota’s application to renew two hard rock mineral leases that were re-newed in 1989 and 2004. The land in question is not in the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness and it doesn’t even border Boundary Waters. In fact, the land in question is outside a buffer area around Boundary Waters created by Congress to protect the Boundary Waters. This politically motivated decision has the ability to destroy the local economy, kill job creation, signifi-cantly harm education in Minnesota, and sets a bad precedent. I want to talk just a moment about the impact this decision will have on Minnesota education. If this with-drawal is allowed to take place, Min-nesota is projected to lose up to $3 bil-lion in royalty revenues for the State’s permanent school trust fund, sup-porting nearly 900,000 students. Mr. Speaker, as someone who rep-resents schools, communities, and counties that depend on programs like Secure Rural Schools and PILTs, I know the harm that will be brought on school districts, specifically rural school districts, should the withdrawal and application rejection go forward. How much longer will we allow rural communities and education to suffer because a special interest group doesn’t agree with forest management or min-ing, even though any projects will be carried out in compliance with all en-vironmental regulations in a respon-sible manner? Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3905 is a vital piece of legislation to not only Minnesota, but to other States and communities that depend on natural resource utili-zation. It is also important for the legisla-tive branch to remind the executive branch it is not their job to make law or to change laws made by Congress. For these reasons, I ask my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying legislation. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, if I could just inquire of the gentlewoman how many more speakers she has. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I am pre-pared to close. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  two letters in opposition to H.R. 3905 signed by virtually every major envi-ronmental organization in the country. 
NOVEMBER 8, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members and supporters, we urge you to OPPOSE H.R. 3905, the ‘‘Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act’’ scheduled for mark-up in House Natural Resources on Wednesday. Section 3 of this radical bill, which would require Con-gressional approval of any monument exten-sion or designation involving National For-est lands in Minnesota, represents yet an-other direct attack on one of our nation’s bedrock conservation laws, and flatly ig-nores the overwhelming public support for protecting unique and sensitive federal lands and ocean areas through national monument designations. We urge the committee to consider the fol-lowing during markup of H.R. 3905 this week: Contrary to the Intent of the Law—The Antiquities Act was designed to allow for swift and necessary action, including when Congress is either unable or unwilling to act, to protect irreplaceable resources from po-tential threats. Not only has the law suc-cessfully protected some of our nation’s most remarkable historical, cultural and natural treasures for a century, Congress in-tentionally left this presidential power in-tact when passing the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (signed into law by President Ford). A Vote Against our Parks—Supporting any bill that would undermine the Antiquities Act is a vote against parks. Nearly half of America’s national parks began as national monuments including the Grand Canyon, Acadia, Zion, Muir Woods, and Olympic Na-tional Parks; and over two-thirds of our na-tional monuments are managed by the Na-tional Park Service. Quite simply, a vote against the Antiquities Act is a vote against our national parks and monuments. Federal Lands Belong to All Americans— The Antiquities Act is used only to protect federal lands already owned by the American public. By carving out an exception for na-tional forest lands within Minnesota, Sec-tion 3 of H.R. 3905 flies in the face of our na-tion’s shared public heritage and disregards how dearly the public values iconic public lands and waters, like Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness and Voyageurs Na-tional Park. Bipartisan History—A signature achieve-ment of President Theodore Roosevelt, the Antiquities Act has been used by 16 presi-dents since its inception—8 Republicans and 8 Democrats. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.034 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9488 November 29, 2017 
Out of Step with the Public—This bill is wildly out of step with the American public’s support for our national parks and monu-ments. Just this summer, a vast majority of the 2.8 million people who submitted com-ments on the issue raised their voices in sup-port of keeping our national monuments pro-tected just as they are. These voices made Secretary Zinke’s national monuments pub-lic comment period the largest public com-ment period in the history of the Interior Department. Across the West, public support for protecting our national monuments has proven strong, and a significant majority of Western voters oppose more mining and drilling on public lands. According to Colo-rado College’s Conservation in the West Poll, 80% of western voters support ‘‘future presi-dents continuing to protect existing public lands as national monuments.’’ This poll re-inforces other surveys that document wide-spread public opposition to congressional at-tacks on new parks. Americans want more protected public lands, not less! Opposed by Diverse List of Hundreds of Or-ganizations—As demonstrated by this letter as well as the attached letter signed by near-ly 200 organizations, a diverse array of local and national organizations representing sportsmen, outdoor recreation businesses, local chambers of commerce, cultural herit-age, historic preservation and conservation have consistently opposed efforts to under-mine the Antiquities Act in any form. Disregards Local Economies—Economic re-search shows that national monuments sup-port the growth of local economies, bringing in tourism and recreation dollars and boost-ing the quality of life. The Outdoor Industry Association reported this year that public lands like our national monuments help sup-port 7.6 million jobs in America, and $887 bil-lion in outdoor recreation activity. Monuments Protect our Shared History and Culture—In response to broad commu-nity input, sites honoring America’s mili-tary and outdoor heritage, as well as those expanding the diversity of our national park system to better recognize the contributions and histories of Native Americans, Hispanics and African-Americans have been designated under the Antiquities Act. These monuments include Fort Ord, Fort Monroe, Charles Young Buffalo Soldiers, Harriet Tubman Un-derground Railroad, Chimney Rock, Organ Mountains-Desert Peaks, Cesar E. Chavez and many more. Recent attacks on national monuments, from President Trump’s executive order, to Interior Secretary Zinke’s hasty and arbi-trary review of these magnificent places, to legislative proposals like H.R. 3905 are a smokescreen for other uses of these special places. Thank you for considering our concerns. In order to adequately protect iconic places like the Boundary Waters, Voyageurs Na-tional Park, and all of Minnesota’s shared public resources, we urge you to vote no on H.R. 3905. Sincerely, American Bird Conservancy, American Rivers, Boundary Waters Trust, Center for Biological Diversity, Conservation Lands Foundation, Defenders of Wildlife, Earthjustice, Earthworks, Endangered Spe-cies Coalition, Environment America, Envi-ronmental Law & Policy Center, Environ-mental Protection Information Center, Friends of the Earth, Hip Hop Caucus, League of Conservation Voters, National Parks Conservation Association, Natural Re-sources Defense Council, Northeastern Min-nesotans for Wilderness, Sierra Club, South-ern Utah Wilderness Alliance, Tuleyome, The Wilderness Society, Wilderness Watch. N OVEMBER 28, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members and supporters, we urge you to OPPOSE H.R. 3905, the so-called ‘‘Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Supe-rior National Forest Act,’’ when it is consid-ered on the House floor. Simply put, H.R. 3905 is a bill to allow sul-fide-ore mining at the edge of the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW), di-rectly threatening one of America’s most-ac-cessible and most-visited Wilderness Areas. At 1.1 million acres in size, the BWCAW is the largest Wilderness east of the Rockies and north of the Everglades. This inter-connected system of lakes, rivers, and streams provides unparalleled opportunities for solitude, recreation, hunting and fishing. The connections between Northern Min-nesota’s national forests, Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness, Voyageurs National Park, and Quetico Provincial Park makes this entire transboundary area extremely susceptible to the threat of pollution from sulfide-ore mining, one of the most toxic in-dustries in America, according to the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. H.R. 3905 would require congressional ap-proval of any mineral withdrawal or monu-ment designation involving National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota and would provide for the perpetual renewal of federal mineral leases in Minnesota, includ-ing two that were denied by the Forest Serv-ice and the Bureau of Land Management. The bill undermines the Antiquities Act, Na-tional Environmental Policy Act, Federal Land Policy and Management Act, Boundary Waters Wilderness Act, and other laws regu-lating mineral leasing in Minnesota’s na-tional forests. Contrary to the bill’s title, H.R. 3905 would do more harm than good for the economy of Northern Minnesota. Economic analysis by Key-Log Economics LLC shows that sulfide- ore mining on Superior National Forest lands in the watershed of the Boundary Waters could lead to the loss of nearly 5,000 jobs in tourism, 5,000 to 22,000 jobs in the rest of the economy, a $1.6 billion loss in annual income, and a $500 million reduction in pri-vate property values. Specifically, we urge opposition to this bill because it would: Renew two expired and undeveloped min-eral leases on Superior National Forest lands next to the Boundary Waters and along lakes and rivers that flow directly into the Wilder-ness, advancing a foreign mining company’s interests at the expense of beloved American public lands. Void the December 2016 record of decision by the Forest Service withholding its con-sent to two mineral lease renewal requests in the Superior National Forest due to the un-acceptable risks to this watershed, which ac-cording to the Forest Service holds 20 per-cent of the National Forest System’s fresh water supply. Undermine the National Environmental Policy Act by limiting review of these two mineral leases to a 30-day environmental as-sessment. Contrary to the bill language, there is no ‘pending EA.’ However, this sec-tion would override the ongoing two-year Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) ini-tiated by the Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management to carefully consider the potential impacts of sulfide-ore mining on the Boundary Waters watershed. The ongo-ing EIS is strongly supported by Minnesota’s Governor Dayton and by the citizens of Min-nesota. More than 79% of Minnesota voters support the study, while more than 126,000 citizens submitted comments during the scoping phase. Amend the 1906 Antiquities Act by man-dating Congressional approval for any na-tional monument designations in Min-nesota’s national forests. The Antiquities Act is a bipartisan conservation law, which has been used by Presidents of both parties, to protect irreplaceable federal lands from potential threats. Monument designations under the Antiquities Act have provided pro-tection for areas including the Grand Can-yon, Acadia, Zion, Muir Woods, and Olympic National Parks. Quite simply, this attack on the Antiquities Act is an attack against our national parks and monuments. Amend the 1976 Federal Land Policy and Management Act (FLPMA) by mandating Congressional approval for mineral with-drawals in Minnesota’s national forests. Ad-ditionally, FLPMA intentionally left intact the presidential power to protect public lands as monuments. Bar the Forest Service from complying with its legal obligations under the 1978 Boundary Waters Wilderness Act. In this Act Congress requires the Forest Service to maintain the high-water quality of the Boundary Waters and a Mining Protection Area within the Superior National Forest. The Forest Service concluded that sulfide- ore mining near the Boundary Waters would be ‘‘contrary to Congress’ determination that it is necessary to ‘protect the special qualities of the [BWCAW] as a natural forest- lakeland wilderness ecosystem of major es-thetic, scientific, recreational and edu-cational value to the Nation.’’’ Make all mineral leases on Minnesota’s national for-ests essentially perpetual. The ‘perpetual’ nature of these leases is material change in long-standing mineral leasing law and pol-icy. The bill would also override the two laws (1946 and 1950) on mineral leasing in Minnesota’s national forests that require Forest Service consent to any mining. Ignore the request of the International Joint Commission that environmental re-view of impacts on transboundary water quality and cumulative effects be studied and the requests of four tribal entities (the area is Ceded Territory). Thank you for considering our concerns. In order to adequately protect iconic places like the Boundary Waters, Voyageurs Na-tional Park, and all of Minnesota’s public lands, and bedrock environmental laws like the Antiquities Act and the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act, we urge you to OP-POSE H.R. 3905. Sincerely, Allegheny Defense Project, American Bird Conservancy, American Canoe Association, American Rivers, Boundary Waters Trust, Center for Biological Diversity, Clean Water Action, Conservation Lands Foundation, Crow River Trail Guards, Defenders of Wild-life, Earthjustice, Earthworks, Endangered Species Coalition, Environment America, Environmental Law & Policy Center, Envi-ronmental Protection Information Center, Ernest C. Oberholtzer Foundation, Freemans Explore LLC, Friends of Bell Smith Springs, Friends of the Boundary Waters Wilderness, Friends of the Land of Keweenaw, Gila Re-sources Information Project, Great Old Broads for Wilderness, GreenLatinos, Heartwood, Kentucky Heartwood, Klamath Forest Alliance, League of Conservation Vot-ers, Mining Impact Coalition of WI, National Parks Conservation Association, Natural Re-sources Defense Council, Northeastern Min-nesotans for Wilderness, Save Lake Superior Association, Shawnee Forest Sentinels, Si-erra Club, Southern Utah Wilderness Alli-ance, The Conservation Alliance, The Ernest C. Oberholtzer Foundation, The Wilderness Society, Tuleyome, W. J. McCabe (Duluth) Chapter, Izaak Walton League of America, WaterLegacy, Wilderness Watch, Wildlands Network. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.011 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9489 November 29, 2017 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, we op-pose the overall rule, but I will say to the gentlewoman that we would have no problem even with the closed rule on the brownfields bill, which is one of the bills that I think has bipartisan support and reflects a legitimate proc-ess. What we have a problem with is H.R. 3905, which we think is a corporate giveaway that puts treasured public lands in the hands of a Chilean mining conglomerate, and we think that is wrong. I agree with the gentlewoman that we ought to be doing important busi-ness here, but I would argue that, rath-er than rewarding some Chilean mining conglomerate, the more important business would be making sure we keep the government open, because we have a government shutdown fast approach-ing on December 8. I would say to the gentlewoman that we have got to pass the Dream Act and help 800,000 people whose lives have been thrown into turmoil because of this President. b1345 We ought to extend the Children’s Health Insurance Program. We ought to debate flood insurance. We ought to pass additional hurricane relief. We ought to address funding for the Vets Choice Program. That is more impor-tant, that is more vital to the national interest than basically rewarding some Chilean mining conglomerate. Finally, I would say to my colleagues here that we will ask you to vote to de-feat the previous question. We will ask you to defeat the previous question so we can bring up and have a vote on a bill that will require this President and all Presidents and all party nominees to release their taxes. I think the American people have a right to know where the conflicts of in-terest are with this White House. I think they have a right to know who benefits from this tax bill that we know is a giveaway to corporations that will raise taxes on millions of middle class families. They have a right to know who benefits from this. I am astounded that the bar keeps on getting lower and lower and lower for my Republican friends. I mean, we have daily offensive tweets. We have ir-rational statements that come out of this White House on a daily basis, and there is silence. When it comes to transparency, when it comes to making sure that there are no conflicts of interest, my Republican colleagues will not even allow us to have a vote on basically requiring this President and all Presidents to release their tax returns. That is not passing judgment on this President. It would be a requirement of all Presidents and nominees. Basically, it is saying, let the sun-shine in. Let us make sure that there are no conflicts of interest. That ought to matter, because everything that comes out of this House seems to be di-rected at helping those who are well-off and well-connected. Every corporation is cheering when this House comes up with legislation, whether it is on tax reform or whether it is on helping mining companies, be-cause it always seems to benefit those who are the most well-off. Well, it is about time we put people first. It is about time the American people know what is going on in this government. Let the sunshine in. There is nothing wrong with that. We are doing it this way because it is the only avenue available for us to bring this to a vote, because the Rules Committee and the leadership in this House shuts off debate on issues that they find un-comfortable. This is supposed to be the people’s House, not the Russia House. We ought to be a place where we have delibera-tive engagements, where we discuss im-portant issues, where we do things that benefit the American people. I would say to my colleagues again, vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so we can have this debate. If you want to help the President cover up his tax re-turns, fine. You can vote ‘‘no,’’ but we ought to have a vote. I don’t know why this is so con-troversial. It, to me, is a no-brainer. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question and vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank my colleagues, Mr. M
CKINLEY and Mr. E MMER , for their work on these important bills. I want to thank my colleague, Mr. M
CGOVERN . I am glad to hear him say that they want to put people first. Mr. Speaker, that is exactly what we are doing; whether we are talking about our tax bill, which is going to put money back in people’s pockets; whether we are talking about repealing and replacing ObamaCare, which we have passed through this House; wheth-er we are talking about defense spend-ing that is going to protect the people of this Nation. All across Wyoming, Mr. Speaker, I know my constituents are very grate-ful that we are now suddenly putting people first after years of putting the government first. We are not doing that anymore, Mr. Speaker. It is true, this is the people’s House. And in this House, Mr. Speaker, we ought to always live by and remember the rules of Alexander Hamilton: ‘‘Here, sir, the people govern.’’ In this House, Mr. Speaker, we are charged with carrying out the obliga-tions of the people who elected us. The bills and the rule that we are debating today do just that. Both of these bills are absolutely critical for spurring eco-nomic development across our country. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge adop-tion of both the rule and of these un-derlying bills. The material previously referred to by Mr. M
CGOVERN is as follows: ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 631 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 305) to amend the Eth-ics in Government Act of 1978 to require the disclosure of certain tax returns by Presi-dents and certain candidates for the office of the President, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not ex-ceed one hour equally divided among and controlled by the respective chairs and rank-ing minority members of the Committees on Ways and Means and Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 305. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.012 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9490 November 29, 2017 
Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 227, nays 189, not voting 17, as follows: 
[Roll No. 640] YEAS—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—17 
Bridenstine Butterfield Conyers Graves (MO) Hartzler Herrera Beutler Jayapal Kennedy Larson (CT) Long Lucas Luetkemeyer Pocan Posey Smith (MO) Stivers Wagne 
b1413 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. V
ALADAO ). The question is on the reso-lution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 228, noes 186, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 641] AYES—228 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:32 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\NOVEMBER\H29NO7.REC H29NO7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9491 November 29, 2017 
Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loudermilk Love MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—19 
Bridenstine Butterfield Conyers Graves (MO) Hartzler Herrera Beutler Jayapal Kennedy Lewis (GA) Long Lucas Luetkemeyer Nadler Pocan Posey Smith (MO) Stivers Suozzi Wagner 
b1421 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on the motion to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or if the vote is objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. Any record vote on the postponed question will be taken at a later time. 
f 
REQUIRING COMPLETION OF TRAINING PROGRAM IN WORK-PLACE RIGHTS AND RESPON-SIBILITIES Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the reso-lution (H. Res. 630) requiring each Member, officer, and employee of the House of Representatives to complete a program of training in workplace rights and responsibilities each session of each Congress, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 630 Resolved, 
SECTION 1. MANDATORY COMPLETION OF PRO-GRAM OF TRAINING IN WORKPLACE RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES. 
(a) R EQUIRING TRAINING FOR ALLMEMBERS , O
FFICERS , ANDEMPLOYEES .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this reso-lution, the Committee on House Administra-tion shall issue regulations to provide that, during each session of each Congress, each Member (including each Delegate or Resi-dent Commissioner to the Congress), officer, and employee of the House of Representa-tives shall complete a program of training in the workplace rights and responsibilities ap-plicable to offices and employees of the House under part A of title II of the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.), including anti-discrimination and anti-harassment training. (2) I
NCLUSION OF INTERNS , FELLOWS , AND 
DETAILEES .—For purposes of this resolution, an individual serving in an office of the House of Representatives as an intern (in-cluding an unpaid intern), a participant in a fellowship program, or a detailee from an-other office of the Federal Government shall be considered an employee of the House. (b) D
EADLINE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Under the regulations issued by the Committee on House Adminis-tration under subsection (a), an individual shall complete the program of training re-quired under subsection (a) and file a certifi-cate of completion of such training not later than— (A) in the case of an individual who is serv-ing as a Member, officer, or employee of the House as of the first day of a session of Con-gress, not later than 90 days after the session begins; or (B) in the case of any other individual, not later than 90 days after the individual first becomes a Member, officer, or employee of the House during the session. (2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ONE HUNDRED FIF -
TEENTH CONGRESS .—In the case of the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, an individual shall complete the program required under subsection (a) not later than 180 days after the second session of the Congress begins. (c) A
DDITIONAL MECHANISMS .—The Com-mittee on House Administration shall con-sider additional mechanisms to ensure com-pliance with the training requirement under subsection (a). 
SEC. 2. STATEMENT OF RIGHTS AND PROTEC-TIONS PROVIDED TO HOUSE EM-PLOYEES UNDER CONGRESSIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1995. 
The Committee on House Administration shall issue regulations to provide that each employing office of the House of Representa-tives shall post in a prominent location in the office (including, in the case of the office of a Member of the House or a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress, a prominent location in each office in the Member’s congressional district) a state-ment of the rights and protections provided to employees of the House of Representatives under the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995, including the procedures available to employees of the House under such Act for responding to and adjudicating allegations of violations of such rights and protections. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. H
ARPER ) and the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RADY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Mississippi. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks on H. Res. 630. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this House resolution. The resolution is one part of the Committee on House Administration’s comprehen-sive review of the laws, procedures, and resources concerning workplace harass-ment in the House. A harassment-free policy and workplace is vital in cre-ating that culture that will require ev-eryone on Capitol Hill to work to-gether effectively. First and foremost, Mr. Speaker, there is no place for sexual harassment in our society, and especially in Con-gress—period. I believe as Members of Congress, we must hold ourselves to a higher standard, a standard that dem-onstrates we are worthy of the trust 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.014 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9492 November 29, 2017 
placed in us by our constituents and the American public. There have been a number of ac-counts by current and former col-leagues and staff that suggest not every office is achieving this goal. That is simply unacceptable. This resolution will mandate that each Member, officer, employee, in-tern, and fellow of the House of Rep-resentatives is fully aware of the laws that apply to them and their right to a harassment-free workplace under the Congressional Accountability Act. The Committee on House Adminis-tration recently held a hearing as its first step in its review. We heard from Members, House employment counsel, and the Office of Compliance. There was a broad consensus that mandatory training is a necessary step for the House to prevent and eliminate harass-ment in the workplace. It is important to note, Mr. Speaker, that Republicans and Democrats have joined together to take this step, and I want to specifically thank Representa-tive C
OMSTOCK and Representative S
PEIER for their leadership on this issue. The resolution requires training and education to ensure that each Member, officer, employee, intern—paid or un-paid—and fellow knows their obliga-tions and rights. Further, the resolu-tion requires that each congressional office post in a prominent place a no-tice describing the rights and protec-tions provided to House employees under the Congressional Account-ability Act. Both of these measures are regular order in the private workplace, and the House should do nothing less. The American people have entrusted each of their Representatives with an enormous responsibility. Each Member is sent here to help make our country better. The first place we should start is in our own Chamber. Training on workplace rights and responsibilities will ensure that those who are victims of harassment can obtain justice and work in that harassment-free environ-ment. In Ronald Reagan’s farewell address, he spoke of his vision of America as the shining city on the Hill, one built on rocks stronger than oceans, with ev-eryone living in harmony and peace. We are not perfect and we never will be, but I believe in that vision. This resolution can be one important step to protect the members of our Capitol Hill community and to demand that we have respect for each and every person here in this workplace. The resolution sets an important re-quirement that each Member, officer, and employee, including interns and fellows, must undergo this mandatory training or education every year. b1430 For the current Congress, everyone must complete this training within 180 days of the start of the second session of January 3. Following that, individ-uals will have to complete the training within 90 days of the start of each ses-sion. It is often said that the urgent gets in the way of the important on Capitol Hill. Not today. This is an important issue, and today we will vote to ensure that the entire House community re-ceives the needed training on how to ensure a harassment-free workplace. This harassment-free environment should be afforded to every single member of our community from that unpaid intern to the Speaker of the House. Awareness, education, and training is a first step in the preven-tion and elimination of sexual harass-ment, which has no place on Capitol Hill. I look forward to working with my colleagues to achieve this goal. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this resolution. We would not be here today if it were not for the courage of my friend and colleague, the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. S
PEIER ). All of us should be grateful for her leadership on this issue. This resolution is the start, but it is just a start. We have to reform the Congressional Accountability Act, we have to modernize to fully fund the Of-fice of Compliance, and there is much more to do. I appreciate the effort of my chair-man, Mr. H
ARPER , and the seriousness with which he has taken this issue and his commitment to bipartisan progress. The status quo cannot and will not be tolerated. Passing this resolution be-gins with the first step here. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), who is our Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. B
RADY ) for his leadership, and I thank Chairman H
ARPER for his as well. I thank them for bringing this legisla-tion to the floor. Here it is, November 29, 2017, an his-toric day in the history of the Con-gress, a watershed moment in our Con-gress’ history because it is a day in which we will take the opportunity to make change. This body is taking a constructive first step to protect all Members of our legislative community from harassment and discrimination in the workplace. This vote is vital to up-holding the integrity of the U.S. Con-gress. We are grateful for the tremendous leadership of Congresswoman J
ACKIE  S
PEIER . I have observed her leadership on this subject for a very long time. She has a lifetime commitment to ex-posing and ending the scourge of sexual harassment. I thank her for that lead-ership. I want to also acknowledge my own daughter, Christine Pelosi, who is the chair of the Women’s Caucus of the California Democratic Party. She is a former prosecutor in San Francisco and prosecuted these cases, and she has been a strong, strong advocate for pro-tecting people in the workplace and has had some level of success with that. So here we are at this watershed mo-ment in the nationwide fight against sexual harassment and discrimination. Brave women in every corner of the country and in every industry are mak-ing their voices heard. As Members of Congress, we have a moral duty to show real, effective leadership to foster a climate of respect and dignity in the workplace, with absolutely zero toler-ance for harassment, discrimination, or abuse. Anything less is unacceptable. Requiring the Members and the staff to take training, while valuable—and we must have it—must be only a first step. We must make sure that that training is very effective as well. But the next step for Congress to take is to pass the ME TOO Congress Act, intro-duced by Congresswoman SPEIER , to create greater transparency and ac-countability in the broken reporting and settlements system. Taxpayer money should not have been spent to build a culture of silence and complicity around workplace har-assment. We must make a judgment about how that was used. This bill, the ME TOO Congress Act, will reform the shameful secret settlements policy that has persisted. It will ensure that survivors who wish to share their sto-ries publicly can come forward, and they can come forward to the Ethics Committee. We want to create a culture that says to everyone who comes to work here: This will be hospitable for you. We want it to be a culture that is a model to the Nation. In addition to that, Mr. Speaker, this moment is a moment of truth for Con-gress. It is disappointing and dis-turbing that some in the Capitol have not served with the dignity and respect required of this office. It is very hard to accept that people we admire in pub-lic life and here in Congress have crossed the line and broken the public trust and violated the dignity and re-spect of those who have worked for or with them. But zero tolerance means con-sequences for everyone. No matter your contribution to our country, you do not get a pass to harass or discrimi-nate. No matter how great the legacy, it is not a license to harass or abuse. To the victims of harassment and abuse: We hear you, and we believe you. We are here for you. Where there is harassment, women and men must have support to come forward. We have a duty, again, to ad-dress their concerns and provide them needed resources. We don’t want to lose the leadership or service of any patriot who comes to work in or around Congress. We cannot let harassment or discrimination de-stroy their safety or drive them out of public office. We cannot tell young 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.044 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9493 November 29, 2017 
women or men who aspire to serve in this historic body that they must put up with harassment and abuse. Mr. Speaker, I want to just close by again thanking Congresswoman J
ACKIE  S
PEIER for her leadership and thanking Chairman H
ARPER , Mr. B RADY , and all who are concerned. It is utterly unconscionable that cou-rageous survivors who seek to end the nightmare of sexual harassment are also dealt the injustice of having their voices silenced. During this watershed moment, we must seize the moment and take real, lasting action. The eyes of the country are on us. We cannot fail them or any prospective victims. I thank all of those who have brought this to the floor: Congresswoman C
OM-
STOCK , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. B RADY , and Congresswoman S
PEIER . Mr. Speaker, I urge a strong, unani-mous vote on this resolution. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS), who is the vice chairman of the Committee on House Administration. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of this resolution requiring all Members and staff to complete antiharassment and antidiscrimination training during each session of Congress. I would like to thank Chairman H
AR-
PER. I would like to thank Speaker R
YAN for announcing this policy change in the House. I would like to thank my friend and colleague on the House Administration Committee, B
ARBARA COMSTOCK , for introducing this important bill. No one should have to worry about sexual harassment when they come to work. As a former staffer and someone with a female-led office, I believe this resolution is an important first step in addressing this problem as we work to increase professionalism in the House and establish a workplace that is grounded in respect. In Congress, we have got to lead by example. As a member of the House Adminis-tration Committee, we worked hard to pass reforms last Congress to make House office spending more transparent and accountable than any other area of the Federal Government, and I am con-fident in this committee’s ability to address, in a bipartisan way, this im-portant issue as well. I look forward to the continued hear-ings the committee will have on this issue as we work to institute policies that protect staffers against sexual harassment and ensure female staffers are provided leadership opportunities. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support this resolution. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member of the House Ad-ministration Committee for yielding and for his leadership. I also want to salute Ms. SPEIER and Chairman H AR-
PERfor their work, too. I rise in strong support of H. Res. 630, which requires all Members, staffers, and interns to undergo annual antiharassment and antidiscrimination training to impress upon all of us our individual responsibilities and rights as they relate to sexual harassment. It would also require the posting of a statement in all of our Hill offices, and also in our district offices, setting forth what the rights and protections are of our employees so they know. This is how we got rid of minimum wage violations and violations of over-time protections in America, and this is how we will eliminate sexual harass-ment here on Capitol Hill. From coast to coast, America is in an uproar over sexual harassment and sex-ual assault in the workplace. From Capitol Hill to the White House, from the offices of FOX News in New York to the studios of Hollywood, from Washington to Alabama, high officials and media luminaries are learning that sexual harassment really is against the law and that it is a terrible offense against people lower down the hier-archy in the workplace who are just trying to do their jobs, make a living, support their families, and develop their careers. This is America, and they have a right to equal opportunity without being harassed, grabbed, im-posed upon, and threatened in the workplace. As the people’s Representatives, we have an obligation to lead not just by legislation, but by example. We must have comprehensive training for every-one who has the honor of coming to work here in the House of Representa-tives. The good news is that a paradigm shift is taking place in America. Women everywhere are bravely speak-ing out against conduct that prior gen-erations were forced to accept as busi-ness as usual. It will no longer be safe—and it should no longer be safe— for men to sexually harass women in the workplace. We have experienced dramatic cul-tural shifts like this before in America and in Congress. For many decades, Members of Congress could convert money from their campaign funds to personal use. Then we got rid of it, and then it became unthinkable. Similarly, there was a time when lob-byists could wine and dine legislators. We got rid of it and we moved beyond it. I am glad we are moving into an era of the harassment-free workplace on Capitol Hill. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Indi-ana (Mrs. B
ROOKS ), who is the distin-guished chair of the Committee on Eth-ics. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in strong support of H. Res. 630, introduced by my colleague B
ARBARA COMSTOCK , which mandates antiharassment and antidiscrimination education for all Members of Congress and their staff during each session of Congress. I commend my colleagues, Rep-resentative COMSTOCK and Representa-tive S
PEIER , who have worked on this bipartisan resolution together. Both know this issue too well from the Mem-ber and the staff level. Both have seen firsthand how our current process has failed to protect many who devote their lives to working on behalf of the American people in the House of Rep-resentatives. The resolution they have introduced is an important and appropriate first step to educating Members and staff on inappropriate workplace actions and how to report such conduct. It is abso-lutely unacceptable to be subjected to harassment or discrimination of any kind wherever you are or wherever you work. Importantly, this resolution requires all who work for the House of Rep-resentatives, from Members of Con-gress to staff, detailees, fellows, and in-terns, whether paid or unpaid, to be educated on their rights in the work-place and where they can safely and confidentially go to report instances of misconduct. Mr. Speaker, as chair of the House Ethics Committee, I can assure you the committee takes allegations of dis-crimination and harassment very seri-ously. Under House rule X, the House Ethics Committee is authorized to en-force standards of conduct for Mem-bers, officers, and employees. The com-mittee is authorized to investigate al-leged violations of any law, rule, or regulation and to make recommenda-tions to the House for further action. The committee has sole jurisdiction over the interpretation of our Code of Official Conduct. In order for the Eth-ics Committee to fulfill its obligation to investigate and potentially dis-cipline Members and staff, the com-mittee must be given information on potential bad actors. The Congressional Accountability Act was enacted over 20 years ago, in 1995, and it needs to be reevaluated. It established the Office of Compliance as the agency responsible to administer and enforce the civil rights, labor, and workplace safety and health laws of the CAA. There may be elements of the CAA that are working well today, but si-lencing victims and potentially spend-ing taxpayer dollars to settle claims needs to be reevaluated. It is time for Congress to take action to reform a process that is not working as well as it should and to ensure that we have legislation that protects victims while also ensuring due process for the ac-cused. While there is much more work to be done, I applaud the action my col-leagues have taken by introducing this important education resolution. I am committed to continuing to work with the House Administration Committee, as well as my colleagues in the House, to improve the workplace called the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.045 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9494 November 29, 2017 
people’s House and the conduct of those who work in it. In supporting this resolution today, I believe we are one step closer to ex-pressing to the Nation that sexual har-assment is wrong and must be pre-vented and stopped. Mr. Speaker, I urge a unanimous vote by my col-leagues in the House. b1445 Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. S
PEIER ). Again, I thank her for her courage. Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I thank our ranking member, Mr. B
RADY , for his steadfast support on this issue; the chairman, Mr. H
ARPER , who has moved swiftly to address this issue; and also my colleague, Congresswoman C
OM-
STOCK , for bringing this resolution to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I have been working on this issue since 2014. I am so delighted that we are here today taking up this measure. As we take this up, I hope that we remember that training must be more than an online module. It must be in person, interactive, specific to congressional workplace issues, and taken seriously. Today’s bill is an important step in the right direction, but let’s not fool ourselves. It is a baby step. Let us not, to paraphrase Shakespeare, tread the primrose path while leaving survivors to struggle the steep and thorny way to justice. We are in the midst of a cultural rev-olution. We are elected Representa-tives of the American people, and we must not hesitate to do what is needed to fix this broken system. Seventy percent of those who are sex-ually harassed never report it. They never report it. One woman came up to me as I was walking the Halls of Con-gress to thank me. She said that she was on this very floor working late in the evening on a particular bill. A Member came up behind her, grinding up against her, and then stuck his tongue in her ear. That happened on this floor, with Members probably standing around. So we do have a prob-lem, and we must address it. Unfortunately, due to the system Congress has created to protect itself from being exposed, there has been no accountability. It is now clear that this misguided attempt to protect the institution is instead harming it and leaving victims in its wake. We work in a very special place, a trusted place, but let me be very clear: we are not special. The outcry for ac-countability that we are hearing from all corners of the country must be heeded. We are seeing titans of enter-tainment, news, and every other busi-ness be swiftly terminated. Yet, here in Congress, we hide behind due process niceties when, in reality, we have con-structed a system that shields us from true accountability. Did Harvey Weinstein or Matt Lauer receive months of due process before being terminated? When do we simply believe the vic-tims and provide them a fair and safe process to report and get justice? Then we have got to decide: Is one occur-rence worthy of expulsion? Two? Three? These are thorny issues. We don’t like to come down on our friends and colleagues. I get that. But don’t we have a moral responsibility to victims, to society at large? When the CEO of a major company is fired because of sexual harassment, the board of directors doesn’t say: Let’s wait until the shareholders can meet and decide. Well, colleagues, our board of direc-tors are the American people, and they are loud and clear. They do not want us to hide behind opaque decisions by the House Administration or Ethics Com-mittees. They do not want to pay for our inability to keep our hands to our-selves. They want accountability and transparency, and they want it now. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, but to also join me in taking Con-gress from a cruel and disgusting joke to a leader in workplace fairness. I know we can do better than this. The American people know we can do bet-ter than this. We must rise to the chal-lenge. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ), a distinguished member of the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. H
ARPER for the opportunity to speak on this very important issue. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate J
ACKIE  S
PEIER , a Democrat from California, and B
ARBARA COMSTOCK , a Republican from Virginia, for providing leadership on this issue. I am delighted to join them. Mr. Speaker, there can be absolutely zero tolerance for sexual harassment, bullying, and intimidation in the work-place. I don’t care if you are a profes-sional athlete, in the media business, in the entertainment business, or cer-tainly in the people’s House here in Congress, there can be zero tolerance for this sort of behavior. It is about time, Mr. Speaker, that the legislative branch join the execu-tive branch in making sure there is mandatory training to try to prevent this from happening and end it right now. I salute Congresswoman S
PEIER  and Congresswoman C
OMSTOCK for their leadership. Mr. Speaker, my only child is a mil-lennial. The last thing I want to worry about is my son going to work and being intimidated or harassed such that he can’t do his work. My mother, who is now 89, had a ter-rific career in the healthcare business. She was a nurse. She could not have had a career in nursing had she showed up at hospitals and nursing homes being scared about a work environ-ment. Finding and preventing sexual har-assment, intimidation, and bullying wherever it is is a no-brainer for Mem-bers of Congress. I am asking, Mr. Speaker, everybody in this Chamber, whether Republican or Democrat—and, yes, on the other side of the dome in the Senate, also—to please, let’s pass this resolution, starting in the House. It is a first step to change the internal rules to eliminate this anywhere on Capitol Hill. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ). Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution. I am grateful to all the women who have come forward with their own story of sexual harassment and to my own colleagues in Congress who have shared their own very, very personal stories. Thanks to their cour-age and strength, it has become clear how pervasive this problem truly is across our Nation. That must stop. Today starts the beginning of much- needed change. Sexual harassment and assault comes in many forms, but none of it has a place here in Congress or in any other work environment, period. Stop. That is especially true here in the Halls of Congress. We must not set the gold standard. We must set the platinum standard. We must be that beacon on the hill. That is why we must pass this resolution. This is an important first step in our national conversation to change our culture of harassment, but this is not and cannot be the last stop. We must reform the entire reporting system here in Congress. We must make sure victims are heard and are cared for. We must shine light on the settlement process. Then we must work to ensure that, from Congress to Hollywood, to media and to every kitchen table across our great Nation, men and women know that when they go to work, they will be treated with respect, especially here in the Halls of Congress. It will take time and commitment to make that meaningful change, and I stand ready to help fulfill that commit-ment with this important, yet vital, first step. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ), who is also a distinguished member of the Com-mittee on House Administration. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on this important issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 630, my legislation to begin to deal with the sexual harassment issue. Thirty years ago, in 1988, a 34-year- old legislative aide named Dorena Bertussi faced a very lonely fight when she decided to stand up to a powerful Congressman, Jim Bates from Cali-fornia, who repeatedly sexually har-assed her and others in his office with questions, comments, and actions such as asking her what type of sex she 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.047 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9495 November 29, 2017 
liked and saying different things that he would imagine. He talked about her breasts. He humped her leg in front of the staff and said vulgar things that are really too unpleasant to talk about in this body. Dorena didn’t get a lot of press atten-tion or some of the support that vic-tims get today. She got little support from this body. She went on her jour-ney alone. She received nasty phone calls and even threats. She was warned they would release damaging informa-tion about her. Fortunately, she prevailed. Men and women in the workplace should know her name and know she was the first woman to win a sexual harassment case against a Member of Congress. Let’s remember, as we see all these headlines about men leaving their jobs and things going on, behind all of them are women who are victims like Dorena. There is a lot of pain in deal-ing with such a situation. In speaking with her recently, I could hear that pain even 30 years later. As a mom, former intern here in this body, former congressional staffer and counsel, and a Justice Department em-ployee, I do believe this is a watershed moment. I have a female chief of staff. I have a female district director. But we also need to have men and women involved in this process. I am so happy with the men who are coming forward, because this is a workplace issue, a human rights issue, and an issue that address-es all of us and our daughters and sons in the workplace. When I was working in Congress in the nineties for Congressman Wolf, just a few years after Dorena, there were Members like ‘‘Good Time’’ Charlie Wilson, who openly bragged about hir-ing staff based on their looks and breast size, famously saying: You can teach them to type, but you can’t teach them to grow breasts. He used a more vulgar term. At the same time, Senator Bob Pack-wood—and this is a bipartisan prob-lem—assaulted over a dozen women. He kept a diary of his debauchery that had been ignored for years. It wasn’t acceptable then, and it cer-tainly shouldn’t be acceptable now. Yet we have stories of Members still in this body today that my colleague, Ms. S
PEIER , and other victims are bringing forward. I told one such story, and I am pleased that Members have responded to say there is no place for that type of sexual action in this body. This legislation promotes the essen-tial principles of accountability and personal responsibility. It is bipartisan legislation because bad behavior tran-scends party labels. Men and women— all of us—are coming together. You are seeing this beyond this body. Obvi-ously, it was in the corporate world just today. This resolution sends the message, as Peggy Noonan wrote in The Wall Street Journal: ‘‘The Sexual-Harass-ment Racket Is Over.’’ I include in the R
ECORD her op-ed from this past week. [From the Wall Street Journal, Nov. 23, 2017] T
HESEXUAL -HARASSMENT RACKET ISOVER (By Peggy Noonan) This Thanksgiving I find myself thankful for something that is roiling our country. I am glad at what has happened with the re-cent, much-discussed and continuing sexual- harassment revelations and responses. To re-peat the obvious, it is a watershed event, which is something you can lose sight of when you’re in the middle of it. To repeat the obvious again, journalists broke the back of the scandal when they broke the code on how to report it. For a quarter century we had been stuck in the He Said/She Said. Anita Hill and Clarence Thomas gave their testimonies, each offered witnesses, and the fair minded did their best with the evidence at hand while sorting through all the swirl-ing political agendas. In the end I believed Mr. Thomas. But nobody knows, or rather only two people do. What happened during the past two years, and very much in the past few months, is that reporters and news organizations com-mitted serious resources to unearthing num-bers and patterns. Deep reporting found not one or two victims of an abuser but, in one case, that of Bill Cosby, at least 35. So that was the numbers. The testimony of the women who went on the record, named and unnamed, revealed patterns: the open bath-robe, the running shower, the ‘‘Let’s change our meeting from the restaurant to my room/your apartment/my guesthouse.’’ Once you, as a fair-minded reader, saw the num-bers and patterns, and once you saw them in a lengthy, judicious, careful narrative, you knew who was telling the truth. You knew what was true. Knowing was appalling and sometimes shocking, but it also came as a kind of relief. Once predators, who are almost always re-peat offenders, understood the new way of re-porting such stories, they understood some-thing else: They weren’t going to get away with it anymore. They’d never known that. And they were going to pay a price, probably in their careers. They’d never known that, either. Some great journalism, some great writing and thinking, has come of this moment. Ronan Farrow’s New Yorker pieces have been credible and gutsy on all levels. Masha Gessen’s piece in the same magazine last week warned of moral panic, of a blurring of the lines between different behaviors and a confusion as to the boundaries between nor-mal, messy human actions and heinous ones. Rebecca Traister of New York magazine has argued that it is a mistake to focus now on the question of punishments, that maybe the helpful thing is to focus on what’s going on in our society that predators think they can get away with this. Caitlin Flanagan in the Atlantic wrote the most important political piece in ‘‘ Bill Clin-ton: A Reckoning.’’ What is striking about this moment, she argued, is not the number of women who’ve come forward with serious allegations. ‘‘What’s remarkable is that these women are being believed.’’ Most didn’t have police reports or witnesses, and many were speaking of things that had hap-pened years ago. ‘‘We have finally come to some kind of national consensus about the workplace; it naturally fosters a level of ro-mance and flirtation, but the line between those impulses and the sexual predation of a boss is clear.’’ What had impeded the ability of victims to be believed in the past? The Bill Clinton ex-perience. He was ‘‘very credibly’’ accused, as Ms. Flanagan wrote, of sex crimes at dif-ferent points throughout the 1990s—Juanita Broaddrick said he violently raped her; Paula Jones said he exposed himself to her; Kathleen Willey said she went to him for ad-vice and that he groped and assaulted her. These women ‘‘had far more credible evi-dence’’ than many recent accusers. ‘‘But Clinton was not left to the swift and pitiless justice that today’s accused men have expe-rienced.’’ He was rescued instead by ‘‘a sur-prising force: machine feminism.’’ That movement had by the ’90s devolved into a ‘‘partisan operation.’’ Gloria Steinem in March 1998 wrote a famous New York Times op-ed that, in Ms. Flanagan’s words, ‘‘slut-shamed, victim-blamed, and age- shamed’’ the victims and ‘‘urged compassion for and gratitude to the man the women ac-cused.’’ This revealed contemporary femi-nism as ‘‘a weaponized auxiliary of the Democratic Party.’’ Ms. Steinem character-ized the assaults as ‘‘passes,’’ writing: ‘‘Even if the allegations are true, the President is not guilty of sexual harassment.’’ Ms. Steinem operated with the same logic as the skeeviest apologist for Roy Moore: Don’t credit any charges. Gotta stick with our team. Ms. Flanagan: ‘‘The widespread liberal re-sponse to the sex-crime accusations against Bill Clinton found their natural consequence 20 years later in the behavior of Harvey Weinstein: Stay loudly and publicly and ex-travagantly on the side of signal leftist causes and you can do what you want in the privacy of your offices and hotel rooms.’’ The article called for a Democratic Party ‘‘reckoning’’ on the way it protected Bill Clinton. It was a great piece. I close with three thoughts. The first springs from an observation Tucker Carlson made on his show about 10 days ago. He marveled, briefly, at this odd-ity: Most of the accused were famous media personalities, influential journalists, enter-tainers. He noted that all these people one way or another make their living in front of a camera. It stayed with me. What is it about men and modern fame that makes them think they can take whatever they want when they want it, and they’ll always get away with it, even as word, each year, spreads. Watch out for that guy. Second, if the harassment is, as it seems to me, weirder and more over the top now than, say, 40 years ago, why might that be? Third, a hard and deep question put quick-ly: An aging Catholic priest suggested to a friend that all this was inevitable. ‘‘Contra-ception degenerates men,’’ he said, as does abortion. Once you separate sex from its se-riousness, once you separate it from its life- changing, life-giving potential, men will come to see it as just another want, a desire like any other. Once they think that, then they’ll see sexual violations as less serious, less charged, less full of weight. They’ll be more able to rationalize. It’s only petty theft, a pack of chewing gum on the counter, and I took it. In time this will seem true not only to men, but to women. This is part of the reason I’m thankful for what I’m seeing. I experience it, even if most women don’t, or don’t consciously, as a form of saying no, this is important. It is serious. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. She noted the pat-terns of the various infamous predators of late and how their victims were now coming forward. These are the same kind of victims that we see in human trafficking or child abuse. She writes: ‘‘Once predators, who are almost always repeat offenders, under-stood the new way of reporting such stories, they understood something else: They weren’t going to get away 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.049 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9496 November 29, 2017 
with it anymore. They’d never known that. And they were going to pay a price, probably in their careers. They’d never known that, either.’’ Sexual predators—and we need to un-derstand the predator behavior—has no place in this body. Today’s education effort is just the first step. In the weeks going forward, we need to revise our process. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
OST). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentle-woman. Mrs. COMSTOCK. In the weeks going forward, we need to revise the process to make it easier for women to come forward and provide them an advocate, ombudsman, or counsel, as Dorena rec-ommended; we need to have a prohibi-tion on any kind of Member-staff rela-tionships with subordinates; no tax-payer funding for settlements of sexual harassment by Members of Congress; and transparency and accountability about who the harassers are. Mr. Speaker, I also thank the busi-ness community for their support. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from California (Ms. L
OF-
GREN ), a valued member of our com-mittee. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, for us women who have been victims of as-sault or harassment, this is a very seri-ous, serious matter. I intend to vote for this bill today. But, as has been men-tioned, it is just a first step. We know on the House Administration Com-mittee that we are going to have to dig in and make sure that the training that is referred to in this bill is a lot better than what we have right now. It is deficient. I would like to say also that the process that we have for victims to come forward is an embarrassment. It needs to be refined, reviewed, and fixed from the point of view of the victim. b1500 Here in America, every day we open our news feed and we see someone else who has been fired because of engaging in sexual harassment misconduct. It is part of, really, a component of devalu-ing women. That is what this is about. I heard my colleague from the House Administration Committee mention the columnist who said that the sexual harassment racket is over. I am afraid it isn’t. Not yet. But it is our obliga-tion to make sure that it does end. We are the House of Representatives. It should be expected of us that we take the lead, that we set the standard for how women can be valued in the workplace. I think this first step is val-uable, but if we had to walk a mile, this is a foot. I am happy to support this measure, but I am looking forward to working with Mr. B
RADY , who has been such a leader, and the committee. We have had a bipartisan effort with the chair-man of the committee. We have got a lot of work to do, and I look forward to doing it. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have left? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Mississippi has 5 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania has 8 minutes remaining. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ). He is a distin-guished member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise as well as a member of the House Ethics Committee to assure the public that the House Ethics Committee takes these matters very seriously. I rise in strong support of H. Res. 630, and I hope that it passes unanimously today. I commend B
ARBARA COMSTOCK and J
ACKIE SPEIER for their tremendous work in this area. Congress should be leading on this issue, helping to foster a workplace en-vironment free of sexual harassment, discrimination, and other terrible be-havior. Congress must ensure an at-mosphere where those who serve their country here feel protected, supported, and believed, particularly young people who come here with such idealism, no matter the power of the offender. I take these matters seriously, as should every Member of Congress. The reports that taxpayer funds have been used for settlements related to harassment by Members of Congress are rightfully infuriating to the Amer-ican people and to me personally. We need transparency and accountability and to end any sexual harassment set-tlements paid by taxpayers. Today’s action ensures that thou-sands of House employees know their rights and the services offered to vic-tims. I strongly urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tlewoman from Washington, D.C. (Ms. N
ORTON ). Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chair and ranking member of the committee for bringing this bill forward at a time of national crisis in the workplace on sexual harassment. When I chaired the Equal Employ-ment Opportunity Commission, which was 15 years after the statute had been passed, sexual harassment had not even been defined as a form of workplace discrimination. We held hearings and so defined it, and the Supreme Court thereafter affirmed the EEOC guide-lines. Congress, nevertheless, exempted itself until 30 years later when in 1995— prompted by a controversy involving Members of the Congress—brought Congress under 13 major civil rights and labor laws. But mysteriously—and I still can’t understand why—Congress exempted itself from the easiest provi-sion, the provision we bring forward today for posting and training. I will never understand that failure, but we are trying to move forward today. There are other needed provisions, and I have introduced a bill to bring the comprehensive provisions that we now require of the legislative branch or the private sector forward, and I thank the Committee on House Administra-tion for continuing to work on these issues, too. Congress failed in 1964. Congress failed again in 1995. Now, in 2017, it is impossible to justify exempting con-gressional offices and Members of Con-gress from the comprehensive provi-sions Congress now requires of private employers and Federal agencies. We will never be respected until we are brought under the same laws as every-body else. Congressional staff deserve the same civil and antidiscrimination protec-tions afforded to other Federal employ-ees. It is important that powerful fig-ures who play an outsized role here in Congress be brought to the same level as other employers. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ), a distin-guished member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 630, a resolution I helped intro-duce that would require sexual harass-ment training and antidiscrimination training for Members of Congress, staff, and interns. The requirements in this resolution are long overdue, Mr. Speaker. This is an issue which the Federal Government must be a leader on. Under this legisla-tion, training must be completed with-in a certain timeframe, and employees must provide proof they have com-pleted the training to the Committee on House Administration. It is very important that we take se-rious steps to address harassment in Congress. I applaud Congresswoman C
OMSTOCK on her leadership. I have been proud to work with Congress-woman S
PEIER , along with the bipar-tisan group of my colleagues, to make sure we have a productive, safe, and professional work environment here in Congress. This resolution is part of that solu-tion, and I will continue working and pressing for additional reforms. I urge all of my colleagues to support this resolution. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Michigan (Mrs. L
AW-
RENCE ). Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this resolution that requires every House Member and em-ployee to complete antiharassment, antidiscrimination training. The first commonsense step is to make this training mandatory. I introduced a bill a month ago and gathered over 100 cosponsors, Demo-crats and Republicans, to make sexual harassment training mandatory in the House, Senate, and support offices. I am glad the Senate has required train-ing with this resolution, and now the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.050 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9497 November 29, 2017 
House must do the same. When women are at the table, Mr. Chairman, I am glad to say the conversation changes, and the voices in Congress of women have changed the conversation here. It is important that we must do all that we can to improve the congres-sional workforce, reform our outdated processes, and I support this legislation to address this issue, and I know that my Members of Congress will do the same today. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. M
ESSER ), the chair of the House Republican Policy Committee and a distinguished member of the Com-mittee on Education and the Work-force. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his work. Hoosiers get it. The recent reports of sexual assault and harassment in Con-gress are reprehensible. I applaud Representative C
OMSTOCK  for her hard work on this resolution. The House resolution today is an im-portant step in the right direction. It mandates that everyone working in Congress has the proper antiharassment training. We must do more. The AP recently reported that the Federal Government has spent $17 million in taxpayer money settling harassment claims and other violations. It is astounding that tax dollars have been spent to protect Members of Congress and silence vic-tims. It is not okay. That is why I am fil-ing legislation to stop taxpayer dollars from being used in this way, to settle sexual harassment claims against Members of Congress. This legislation will empower victims by releasing them from nondisclosure agreements that prevent them from coming for-ward and telling their story. Let’s pass today’s resolution and then keep work-ing to do more. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from New Hampshire (Ms. K
USTER ). Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman B
RADY  and the chair. I want to thank espe-cially Congresswoman S
PEIER and Con-gresswoman C
OMSTOCK for their good work on this issue. Almost 40 years ago, I worked here in the United States Congress as a mem-ber of the staff. I was 23 years old and I was sexually assaulted by a distin-guished guest of the United States Con-gress. Neither I nor anyone in my of-fice had received any type of sexual harassment training. I had no place to turn; I had no one to tell; and I could do nothing about it. But today is a historic day. This is a watershed moment. Times have changed and people do make changes. This is one that we are all standing to-gether—Republicans, Democrats, men, women, across the board—to say ‘‘enough is enough.’’ I support this resolution as an impor-tant first step so that every Member of Congress and every member of the staff on Capitol Hill understand that we are drawing the line. We have had enough. We need to address sexual harassment and assault in the workplaces, on col-lege campuses, in our military, and communities. The Halls of Congress can be no exception. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. REED), a distinguished mem-ber of the Committee on Ways and Means. Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today and join my colleagues. The Repub-lican and Democratic men and women stand together here on the floor of the House to join in the recognition that when it comes to sexual harassment and sexual assault across America, we say ‘‘no more.’’ We say ‘‘enough is enough?’’ Yes, this is a step—a small step in the right direction, but it is a legiti-mate step for us to reflect those that we represent across America and say-ing to the issue that have impacted all of us, my family included, when it comes to sexual harassment and sexual assault, we stand together as Ameri-cans and in this body to declare that no more shall sexual harassment and sexual assault be allowed to exist in our society. I applaud my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for doing this and the lead-ership they have demonstrated on this issue once and for all. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. F
RANKEL ). Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, first I want to thank my colleagues and all those ‘‘me too’’ survivors who bravely come forward to tell their sto-ries of sexual harassment. Imagine you are a young congres-sional staffer who eagerly comes to Washington to make the world a better place for some and work for someone you actually believe in. Instead, your boss breaks your trust with unwanted sexual advances, groping, abusive lan-guage, or worse, and you feel abso-lutely devastated and powerless. Here is the thing: the United States Congress has made sexual harassment in the workplace illegal, yet this be-havior has sullied our own Halls. Quite frankly, I think it is pitiful and embarrassing that we even have to have this discussion, but with that said, today’s resolution to require man-datory antiharassment training is ob-viously a good step and necessary. And there is more work to be done, as my colleagues have said. There must be respect and safety in all our workplaces, in Congress, and across America. I urge all my col-leagues to support this good resolution. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to gentle-woman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY ). (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to revise and extend her remarks.) b1515 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member BRADY for his leadership; Chairman H
ARPER for moving so swift-ly on this issue; and my colleague, J
ACKIE SPEIER , who has selflessly worked on this issue for many years, along with B
ARBARA COMSTOCK . Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this bill. Too often, harassment is treated just like it is part of the job; and if anyone complained, they were fired, punished, or paid off to be silent. This is an im-portant cultural change where harass-ment, which is illegal, is treated seri-ously as a crime that needs to stop; and to train staff, Members, and offi-cers on how to know what is right and what is wrong so that there is no mis-understanding. This is a first step. I strongly support Congresswoman S
PEIER ’s bill that has a comprehensive approach, which bans the use of taxpayer money to silence victims and to settle this. Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in closing, make no mistake about it, this is bullying: sex-ual bullying harassment. I have a wife, a daughter, a grand-daughter, and a great-granddaughter. I have a responsibility to protect them. In the people’s House, we have moth-ers, wives, daughters, granddaughters, great-granddaughters, and we have a responsibility to protect them. Men have a responsibility to stand up and confront this behavior when we see it. We have a responsibility to demand better of other men. We have a respon-sibility to confront these bullies. Men who use their power to harass and abuse others are disgraceful, and we cannot tolerate their behavior. We need to stop having a system that en-ables it. Mr. Speaker, I personally witnessed an incident back in my perch, where I stay back in the corner there, of a Con-gresswoman that was leaning back talking to me, and a Congressman walked by and groped her from behind. I reached over and, lucky for him, I just couldn’t grab him. I wanted to chase him down the aisle, but the Con-gresswoman, as classy as she is, said: ‘‘No, don’t do that. You may get in a little trouble. We will take care of him.’’ And he got taken care of pretty well. I wonder if women would be disrespected or sexually bullied if their husbands or their fathers were stand-ing next to them when somebody tried to sexually harass them or grope them. That is why I say men who do that are bullies and cowards. Just treat women with the respect and dignity that you would your own mother. Mr. Speaker, I ask for a unanimous vote on this resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:54 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.052 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9498 November 29, 2017 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this House, this special place, should not be tarnished any longer by the inexcusable behavior of some of our Members. The standard needs to be high. Mr. Speaker, I give a special thank- you to Speaker P
AUL RYAN and his commitment that he has that we get this right. I thank Ranking Member B
RADY for the way that we have been able to work together on this. Cer-tainly, Representatives S
PEIER and C
OMSTOCK have been invaluable in this process as we go forward. We have heard from so many Mem-bers today on the importance of this. This is a resolution that is necessary and it is a product of a strong bipar-tisan incorporation. This is something that is just the beginning, as has been said today. We had a hearing on No-vember 14, and we will have another hearing on the Congressional Account-ability Act on December 7. But to have this resolution to make sure that our Members and staff are educated to know their rights and responsibilities is a critical first step. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 630, which would require each Member, officer and employee of the House to complete anti-discrimination and anti-harassment training. Enacting this legisla-tion ought to be a first step toward affirming with one voice that there is absolutely no place for discrimination nor harassment of any kind in the Halls of Congress. But we must also do more than agree to mandatory train-ing. As elected officials, we ought to be held to a higher standard. Congress must review and improve the current administrative procedure for victims to come forward. All harassment and discrimination allegations must be taken seriously. After enacting this measure, Con-gress must streamline the process, protect vic-tims that wish to be protected, and ensure all allegations of wrongdoing are investigated with professionalism, urgency and due process. I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation and encourage the House to take whatever administrative steps are necessary to make it easier for victims to come forward. More importantly, I respectfully ask all of my colleagues to take a close look inward at themselves and their offices and to put an im-mediate end to the cultural climate that has al-lowed harassment and discrimination to tar-nish the institution of Congress. We can do better and we must. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the House Committees on the Judiciary, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 630, which requires all employees of the House of Representatives—including Mem-bers, interns, detailees, and fellows—to com-plete an anti-harassment and anti-discrimina-tion training program during each session of Congress. Additionally, each individual would be re-quired to complete the training within ninety days of the start of each session, and each new employee to complete the training within ninety days of their hire date. This training must be completed every ses-sion of Congress. The resolution directs the Committee on House Administration to issue regulations to ensure compliance and transparency and upon passage of the resolution, the Com-mittee is required to promulgate these regula-tions within thirty days. Mr. Speaker, the many allegations of sexual harassment that have come to light involving prominent individuals in the fields of govern-ment, entertainment, business, and other fields in recent months are appalling and intol-erable. There must be zero-tolerance for sexual harassment in our society, and this body can set an example for the nation by declaring itself to be sexual harassment free zone and policing itself to hold members, staff, and as-sociated personnel to this standard. It is important that all persons working in this body understand that everyone has a right to a workplace free of harassment and intimi-dation and that complaints will be taken seri-ously and fully investigated by the Ethics Committee or the House Administration Com-mittee. Mr. Speaker, this is the moment to embrace and affirm zero tolerance for sexual harass-ment and assault and we must soon reauthor-ize and strengthen the Violence Against Women Act to provide stronger tools to pre-vent and punish sexual harassment and sex-ual assault. As the Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, I am committed to doing all I can to make this happen as soon as possible. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support H. Res. 630 and urge all Members to vote in favor its adoption. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H. Res. 630. This legislation would require all Members, offices, and employees of the House of Rep-resentatives to complete a workplace rights and responsibilities training program each ses-sion of Congress. H. Res. 630 is a focused effort to address harassment and discrimination on Capitol Hill. As recent headlines have exposed, these issues are pervasive across the country. As leaders of the United States and voices for our constituents, we must do better. If we want to eliminate sexual harassment in the workplace, we must lead by example and be willing to take every available step to ensure these in-stances are prevented and promptly ad-dressed. As a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee, I have long been committed to creating a positive and safe work environment. In early October of this year, my staff partici-pated in a program on sexual harassment and workplace rights. Empowering employees with knowledge of their rights and drawing clear distinctions between appropriate behavior and harassment can help thwart abuses before they can occur. Additionally, educating em-ployees on ways to report abuse can ensure that when incidents happen they are ad-dressed forthrightly. H. Res. 630 also requires interns and fel-lows to undergo training as well which is vital to full compliance. Most offices have well-es-tablished intern programs, and these individ-uals are often young, unpaid, and particularly vulnerable. It is important to ensure they too know their rights and what is appropriate in an office setting. I support H. Res. 630 because it is a bipar-tisan effort to promote equality and fair treat-ment in the workplace and it is a good first step in addressing such an extensive problem. Some may rightfully ask what took us so long. Passing this legislation sends the message that we condemn harassment in any form, and that we will use our authority to support posi-tive work environments. I urge each of you to support H. Res. 630. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. H
ARPER ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 630. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolu-tion was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
MINNESOTA’S ECONOMIC RIGHTS IN THE SUPERIOR NATIONAL FOREST ACT Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 631, I call up the bill (H.R. 3905) to require congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving the National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota, to provide for the renewal of certain mineral leases in such lands, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 631, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute con-sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–41 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 3905 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CONDITION ON MINERAL WITHDRAWAL OF NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LANDS IN MINNESOTA. 
Minerals within the National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota shall not be subject to withdrawal from disposition under United States mineral and geothermal leasing law unless the withdrawal is specifically ap-proved by an Act of Congress enacted after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3. CONDITION ON MONUMENT DESIGNATION ON NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LANDS IN MINNESOTA. 
Section 320301 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) L
IMITATION ON EXTENSION OR ESTABLISH -
MENT OF A NATIONAL MONUMENT IN MIN-
NESOTA .—No extension or establishment of na-tional monuments on National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota may be under-taken except by express authorization of Con-gress.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.054 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9499 November 29, 2017 
SEC. 4. CLARIFYING THE NATURE OF MINERAL RIGHTS ON FOREST SYSTEM LANDS IN MINNESOTA. 
(a) M INERAL LEASES ISSUED WITHIN FOREST  S
YSTEM LANDS IN MINNESOTA .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—All mineral leases issued within the exterior boundaries of National For-est System lands in the State of Minnesota under the authority of the Act of June 30, 1950 (16 U.S.C. 508b), or section 402 of Reorganiza-tion Plan No. 3 of 1946 (5 U.S.C. App.), are inde-terminate preference right leases that— (A) shall be issued for an initial 20-year pe-riod; and (B) as provided in paragraph (2), shall be re-newable after the period described in subpara-graph (A) for 10-year renewal periods. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR RENEWAL .—A lease shall be renewed under paragraph (1)(B)— (A) if the lessee has complied with the terms and conditions of the lease during the preceding lease period; and (B) on the condition that, at the end of each ten-year renewal period, such reasonable read-justment of the terms and conditions of the lease may be prescribed by the Secretary of the Inte-rior, in consultation with the Secretary of Agri-culture, for the purpose of— (i) encouraging production; or (ii) addressing changing conditions within the lease area. (b) S
USPENSION OF OPERATIONS .—The Sec- retary of the Interior may suspend operations under a lease described in subsection (a) when— (1) the lease can only be operated at a loss due to market conditions; or (2) operations are interrupted by strikes. (c) P
ERMITS FOR USE OF SURFACE LANDS.— With respect to lands subject to a lease pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with the Secretary of Agri-culture, may issue permits for the use of surface lands not included in the lease for purposes con-nected with, and reasonably necessary to, the exploration, development, and use of the depos-its covered by the lease. (d) A
PPLICABILITY TO MINERAL LEASES .—This section shall apply with respect to all mineral leases described in subsection (a), including— (1) leases that on the date of the enactment of this section are not in effect; and (2) the hard rock mineral leases for the Supe-rior National Forest in Minnesota identified as MNES–01352 and MNES–01353. (e) A
PPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL ENVIRON -
MENTAL POLICY ACT OF 1969.—The National En-vironmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4331 et seq.) shall apply with respect to a mineral lease described in subsection (a). In the case of the re-newal of the existing hard rock mineral leases referred to in subsection (d)(2), the Bureau of Land Management shall complete the pending environmental assessment no later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (f) E
XCLUSION OF BOUNDARY WATERS CANOE  A
REAWILDERNESS .—Nothing in this section may be construed as permitting the prospecting for development and utilization of mineral resources within the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wil-derness or Mine Protection Area. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Natural Re-sources. After 1 hour of debate, it shall be in order to consider the further amend-ment printed in House Report 115–429, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered read, shall be separately debatable for the time specified in the report, equal-ly divided and controlled by the pro-ponent and an opponent, and shall not be subject to a demand for a division of the question. The gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) and the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
OWENTHAL ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 3905. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arizona? There was no objection. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. L
AMBORN ). Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman G
OSAR for his leadership on this and other issues in the Congres-sional Western Caucus. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, mining in the Superior National Forest, where these leases are located, has previously been authorized by Congress on several occasions. First in 1950, and again in 1978. With that bill—the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness Act—Congress established a compromise in which mining was prohibited within the 1.1 million acre Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness, but specifically au-thorized in the Superior National For-est. Likewise, U.S. Forest Service plans for these areas have identified mining in these Superior Forest locations as a ‘‘desired condition.’’ Despite this longstanding precedent, in December of 2016, the Obama admin-istration abruptly canceled mining leases that have been held and renewed for decades in northern Minnesota. Then in January, the day before leav-ing office, President Obama signed off on a mineral withdrawal for an area spanning 425,000 acres, including 95,000 acres of State school trust fund lands. There is a torrent of misinformation surrounding this bill, with alarmist groups begging that we ‘‘save the Boundary Waters.’’ Mr. Speaker, the Boundary Waters were saved in 1978. The low-impact mining arrangements that these min-ing leases entail do not endanger the Boundary Waters, which is itself pro-tected by a significant buffer as well. The bill reiterates—redundantly, I will add, but in order to make it crys-tal clear—that mining is prohibited in the Boundary Waters and the sur-rounding buffer. To say otherwise is a blatant falsehood. A few other facts that you won’t hear from alarmists but that deserve to be said: this bill retains the full protec-tions enshrined across the array of en-vironmental laws and regulations which apply to mine leasing, permit-ting, and operation. The most notable in this case are the National Environ-mental Policy Act—NEPA—and the Clean Water Act, which still apply, in full. But the fact is that this bill is not about removing environmental protec-tions, as some may have said. Rather, what about when you don’t actually remove any? Rather, what initiated this situation is an arbitrary overreach by the Obama administration at the last minute. It was looking to score political points on its way out the door by taking the near-unprecedented action of initiating a full mineral withdrawal. That was undemocratic, and the huge support that this bill and mining in general en-joys in Minnesota’s Eighth Congres-sional District, where the Superior Forest is located, is proof positive. But Article IV of the Constitution vests Congress with authority over public lands, and it is now up to us to act. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate this chance to clear the air on some of the mis-conceptions and falsehoods that have been tarnishing this bill. It really is unfortunate that commonsense, local issues like this one are being dragged into a national partisan brawl. Never-theless, I hope my colleagues are able to see through the deception, recognize the clear benefits of mining in Min-nesota, and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this impor-tant bill. Finally, I would like to share some comments from the Associated General Contractors of Minnesota, who noted that ‘‘H.R. 3905 changes no environ-mental review processes, relaxes no en-vironmental standards, and specifically restates Congress’ prohibition on any mining activity in the BWCAW and the surrounding protective buffer.’’ Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  their full letter. 
ASSOCIATED GENERAL CONTRACTORS  
OFMINNESOTA , November 22, 2017. D
EARCONGRESSMAN WALZ: On behalf of the Associated General Contractors of Minnesota and our over 400 member firms, I am writing to urge your support for H.R. 3905, the ‘‘Min-nesota’s Economic Rights (MINER) in the Superior National Forest Act,’’ bipartisan legislation sponsored by Cong. Tom Emmer (MN–6th) and cosponsored by Cong. Collin Peterson (MN–7th), Cong. Jason Lewis (MN– 2nd) and Cong. Paul Gosar (AZ–4th). H.R. 3905 is currently on the agenda of the House Rules Committee, on a path for House floor action in the coming weeks. In 1950, Congress took action to make land available for mineral exploration and devel-opment within the Superior National Forest (SNF) within the Iron Range region in Northeast Minnesota. In 1978, Congress pro-hibited mining within the region’s Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW) and an adjacent protective buffer zone, while re-affirming that mining should be allowed and promoted in the remaining area of the SNF. H.R. 3905 aims to correct the injustices being thrust upon the Iron Range by requir-ing congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involv-ing the National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota, as well as providing for the renewal of certain mineral leases and en-suring future leases in the area remain valid and renewed as outlined by current law. Moreover, H.R. 3905 changes no environ-mental review processes, relaxes no environ-mental standards, and specifically restates 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.018 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9500 November 29, 2017 
Congress’ prohibition on any mining activity in the BWCAW and surrounding protective buffer. H.R. 3905 would reaffirm long-standing Congressional intent in the management and development of critical minerals in Min-nesota, eliminate bureaucratic delays in de-veloping environmentally-responsible mine projects proposals, and restore the promise of future job growth and economic oppor-tunity to an economically distressed region of the state. We strongly urge your vote in support of H.R. 3905. Thank you for your support of mining in Minnesota and the thousands of good paying jobs that are sustained through safe and effective management of these nat-ural resources. Sincerely, T
IMWORKE , CEO. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, this legislation is quite simply a giveaway of mining rights on roughly 5,000 acres of public lands right next to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness in northern Minnesota to a Chilean mining conglomerate so that it can develop a copper mine that will, in all likelihood, leach toxic acid waste into the Boundary Waters for decades, if not centuries, to come. In order to do this, this bill overrides multiple laws that are in place to allow priceless natural places to be protected and it vetoes the scientific conclusions of the U.S. Forest Service. Last year, the Forest Service rec-ommended that two undeveloped 50- year-old mining leases in Minnesota’s Superior National Forest be allowed to expire, stating that the development of a copper mine on these leases could lead to potentially extreme contamina-tion of the Boundary Waters wilderness from acid mine drainage and leached materials. The Boundary Waters isn’t just a pristine and unique wilderness, it is also an economic engine for northern Minnesota. Over 1,000 pristine lakes, 1,200 miles of streams, and 2,000 camp-sites attract more than 150,000 visitors each year to canoe, kayak, fish, bird watch, ski, and simply explore and enjoy the natural beauty and peaceful-ness that is unlike anywhere else in the United States. These visitors bring in tens of millions of dollars annually, supporting thousands of local jobs. b1530 The ecological and economic value of the Boundary Waters led the Forest Service to conclude: ‘‘ . . . develop-ment of a regionally untested copper- nickel sulfide-ore mine within the same watershed as the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness might cause serious and irreplaceable harm to this unique, iconic, and irreplaceable wilderness area.’’ As a result, the leases were not re-newed, and the Forest Service began a study to look at whether to protect the area adjacent to the Boundary Waters from mining for the next 20 years. This 2-year study is open. It is a public proc-ess designed to gather scientific infor-mation and local views on the poten-tial impacts of copper mining, which is immediately adjacent to the Boundary Waters, and it is supported by an over-whelming majority—79 percent—of the voters in Minnesota. Even this administration here in Washington has said that it intends to allow the study to run its course before making any decisions, but this legisla-tion would make that study meaning-less. It would reinstate the leases and make it almost impossible for them to expire. It would block the Forest Serv-ice from acting on its study no matter what it found and how the people in the region feel, and it would make it impossible for the President of the United States to protect this area using the Antiquities Act, all so a Chil-ean mining company can move forward with a dangerous mine next to one of our most pristine and special natural places. Mr. Chairman, our public lands be-long to all Americans, not simply to wealthy mining companies with the connections and the cash to try to overturn decisions they don’t like through legislation. The company that we are talking about is challenging this decision to not renew their leases in court. That is the appropriate venue for that debate, not here in the Halls of Congress. We shouldn’t rewrite the law to make sure that they get their way. Even if the company wins the case, we should not be tying the Federal Government’s hands to make sure that this mine gets developed, no matter what, instead of listening to the science. That is the wrong thing to do for any project like this, let alone one that sits right next to a unique and delicate wilderness like the Boundary Waters. This bill is a blatant attempt to re-ward an individual foreign company at the expense of the American people and the American landscape, and I urge my colleagues to reject this legislation. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. E
MMER ), the originator of this bill. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, today’s debate on H.R. 3905, Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act, also known as the MINER Act, is not just important to the great State of Min-nesota. This legislation is critically important to the United States. The MINER Act will reverse the mis-guided, last-minute actions of the Obama administration to stop any ex-ploration of one of the most valuable precious metal deposits in the world. The MINER Act will ensure that the people of Minnesota have the oppor-tunity for jobs and economic pros-perity that would come if the deposit can ever be mined in an environ-mentally safe and responsible manner. The MINER Act will renew the Fed-eral Government’s commitment and promise to the citizens of Minnesota. When the Superior National Forest was created in 1909 and, later, when the Boundary Waters Canoe Area was es-tablished in 1978, there was an express agreement between the Federal Gov-ernment and the State of Minnesota that mining and logging could continue in the Superior National Forest. In fact, according to the most recent Su-perior National Forest land use man-agement plan, mining and logging are considered a desired condition in the forest. This is about more than just the 10,000-plus jobs which are now at risk because of the lameduck actions of the Obama administration. This is about billions of dollars in revenue for Min-nesota’s economy and billions more in potential education funding for Min-nesota’s schools that are now on the line. This is about strategically impor-tant metals and minerals which are used by Americans every day. This is about undoing a last-ditch effort to further a political agenda at the ex-pense of the livelihoods that Minneso-tans have relied on for generations. The MINER Act, again, is about pro-tecting Minnesota’s right to explore and, if environmentally appropriate, mine valuable and important precious metals, precious metals that are not only necessary to our everyday tech-nology, but which are critically impor-tant to our Nation’s national defense. There are some who would like to deny Minnesota the right to explore and potentially mine these precious metals. They argue that any mining activity could negatively impact our beloved Boundary Waters Canoe Area. This concern, however, ignores the fact that, if a mine is ever proposed, and to date there has been no mine proposed, if one is ever proposed in the Superior National Forest, it would have to sat-isfy all current local, State, and Fed-eral environmental review and permit-ting requirements before it could ever be approved to proceed. We can and we will protect the Boundary Waters. I have no doubt that we can find a way to preserve Min-nesota’s pristine landscape without permanently destroying any future job creation or economic development in Minnesota. By passing the MINER Act, we protect thousands of jobs and bil-lions of dollars in revenue and edu-cation funding while leaving an exten-sive process intact to protect and pre-serve the environment and our State. In conclusion, I encourage all my col-leagues to support the MINER Act be-cause we know someday someone might find a way to mine these impor-tant precious metals in a safe and envi-ronmentally responsible way, and if that happens, Minnesota deserves the opportunity and the jobs and economic prosperity that will ensue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.021 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9501 November 29, 2017 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 8 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposition to this destructive bill. This bill undermines bedrock envi-ronmental and public land manage-ment laws in order to create a per-petual lease for a foreign-owned toxic mine. This mine will be on the doorstep of one of our country’s last truly wild places, the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness. The Boundary Waters contains 1.1 million acres of unspoiled woodlands and more than 1,000 pristine lakes. The water wilderness is beloved by adven-turers, canoers, sportsmen, and sports-women from all across the United States and around the world. To safeguard this natural treasure, Congress has prohibited logging, min-ing, and even the use of most motor-ized vehicles on this Federal land. It has made the Boundary Waters a haven for birds and other wildlife and the most visited wilderness area in the United States of America. These visitors, over 250,000 annually, have helped the economy and created jobs in northern Minnesota, but the bill we are debating today puts this all at risk. It paves the way for a massive sulfide-ore copper mine just a few miles from the Boundary Waters Wil-derness. Sulfide-ore mining is the most toxic industry in the United States. Sulfide mines pollute waterways with acid drainage, which contain arsenic, lead, and mercury. This type of mining is particularly risky in the vast, inter-connected watershed that flows throughout the Boundary Waters into Voyageurs National Park and across the border into the Canadian provincial park. The supporters of H.R. 3905 claim that the bill still protects the Bound-ary Waters because the mines will be located outside the wilderness area. Mr. Speaker, this is simply not the case. Let me show you where the min-ing would take place here. This is the site of the proposed mine on the edge of the wilderness area. The river that you see flows through the Boundary Waters. The area contains popular Forest Service campgrounds and entry points to the wilderness. It is a base for scouting and veterans’ out-door recreation trips. Some of the Su-perior National Forest’s most popular fishing lakes and hunting grounds are in this area. They are home to hun-dreds of people and businesses. If this bill passes, it will create an in-dustrial wasteland. This bill poses an unacceptable risk of irreparable dam-age to a pristine wilderness. A 2012 study of American sulfide-ore mines found that all mines have leaked, and 92 percent of them had ex-perienced failures that negatively af-fected the local water quality. Even state-of-the-art sulfide-ore copper mines consistently pollute their sur-rounding environments. For example, in August 2014, a copper mine in British Columbia released a toxic slurry—10 billion liters of waste-water and 5 billion liters of tailings— that created a polluted dystopia of dead trees and contaminated salmon spawning areas. Because of the risks involved with these mines, the Forest Service has begun a 2-year environmental review that will determine if the Boundary Waters is an appropriate place for dan-gerous sulfide-ore copper mining or if a 20-year withdrawal of mining rights in the watershed is appropriate. This review is the process that Con-gress established, under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act, for considering mineral withdrawal. The review is supported by Minnesota’s Governor, tribal governments, and 79 percent of all Minnesotans. It also has been supported by both the current and the former administration. Just this morning, again, I spoke with the chief of the U.S. Forest Serv-ice and thanked him for the adminis-tration’s commitment to allow the study to go forward. But the bill we are considering today stops this established scientific review process from going forward. Instead, it creates a loophole for the benefit of a foreign mining interest. It automati-cally reinstates two expired and denied leasings dating back to 1966, before modern environmental laws like the Clean Water Act. It allows permanent mining leases on national forestland, our Nation’s public land, removing sci-entific safeguards, environmental con-siderations, and public input from the renewal process. It exempts Federal forests in Minnesota from the protec-tions of the landmark Antiquities Act. It sets a dangerous precedent and will have consequences all across our coun-try. There is simply no justification for Congress to rewrite the rules for our Federal forests in Minnesota, and that is exactly what this piece of legislation does. In short, this proposal is a give-away of public resources to private in-terests. One of our Nation’s last wild places becomes collateral damage. Good people of both parties all across Minnesota and throughout this country know the importance of protecting this pristine wilderness, and that is why so many of them have submitted letters to Congress in opposition to H.R. 3905. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  these letters of opposition from Min-nesota’s Governor, Mark Dayton; three Tribal nations: Fond du Lac, Grand Portage, and White Earth Bands of the Minnesota Chippewa; the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership, the National Wildlife Federation, and other sporting groups; the Girl Scouts of Minnesota and Wisconsin; Veterans for the Boundary Waters; and a coali-tion of dozens of national organizations that advocate for clean water and pub-lic lands and conservation. STATE OF MINNESOTA , O
FFICE OF GOVERNOR MARKDAYTON , Saint Paul, MN, November 27, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: I write in strong op-position to H.R. 3905, which I understand has passed out of Committee and is being re-viewed by House Majority Leadership for a floor vote. I implore you not to schedule a vote on this bill without a full vetting of the serious risks to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness from adjacent copper-nickel mining, the status of the two-year federal study currently underway, and the wishes of the majority of Minnesotans, who oppose copper-nickel mining in the immediate vi-cinity of the Boundary Waters. H.R. 3905 is a bill, ‘‘To require congres-sional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving the Na-tional Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota, to provide for the renewal of cer-tain mineral leases in such lands, and for other purposes.’’ H.R. 3905 was introduced in response to the desires of a foreign mining company to use Congress to circumvent the deliberations of the U.S. Departments of In-terior and Agriculture and their agencies, the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) and the U.S. Forest Service (USFS), to determine whether copper-nickel mining can be con-ducted safely in this ecologically sensitive part of Minnesota. The Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilder-ness (BCWAW) is America’s most popular na-tional Wilderness Area, drawing visitors from all over the world to Northeastern Min-nesota to fish, hunt, and experience its inter-connected pristine lakes, rivers and streams. Additionally, the BWCAW contributes enor-mously to Minnesota’s social and economic wellbeing. In January, 2017, the BLM and the USFS began a comprehensive two-year study to de-termine whether copper-nickel mining, with its toxic by-product, sulfide ore, is appro-priate within the watershed and immediate vicinity of the BWCA. Specifically, this envi-ronmental review will determine whether the Superior National Forest lands next to the BWCAW should be removed from the fed-eral mining program to protect the Wilder-ness from pollution and other environmental degradation caused by the resulting sulfide ore. The study considers a wide variety of factors, including scientific evidence, public input, economic considerations, ecological characteristics, and recreational value, among others. I respectfully ask that you allow the com-pletion of this important review process. Over 126,000 Americans have submitted pub-lic comments as part of it. Many attended three public meetings conducted earlier this year by the BLM and USFS. Moving H.R. 3905 forward at this time would disregard the input of all Americans, who have partici-pated in the process, as well as the views of the 79 percent of Minnesotans, who favor the two-year pause and environmental review of potential impacts to the BWCAW. The BWCAW is crucially important to our state, and I believe strongly that future fed-eral and state decisions about its future should be made only after the most careful and objective scientific review. I urge you to reject the attempts by a foreign mining cor-poration to short-circuit the review process underway, and to affirm the importance of a careful, objective analysis under the existing federal legal framework. Continuing this review process is the best way to allow for well-informed federal and state decisions, which will affect many fu-ture generations of Americans. Industry should not dictate the stewardship of tax-payer-owned public lands, nor use Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.059 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9502 November 29, 2017 
to short-circuit sound decision-making—es-pecially regarding pristine Wilderness Areas like the BWCAW. Sincerely, M
ARKDAYTON , Governor. 
FOND DU LACBAND OF LAKESUPE-
RIOR CHIPPEWA RESERVATION  B
USINESS COMMITTEE , Cloquet, MN, August 3, 2017. Re Subcommittee’s July 27, 2017 Hearing on Congressman Emmer’s Draft Bill Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, House Committee on Natural Re-sources, Washington, DC. Hon. R
AU´LGRIJALVA , Ranking Member, House Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. Hon. P
AULGOSAR , Chairman, House Committee on Natural Re-sources, Subcommittee on Energy and Min-eral Resources, Washington, DC. Hon. A
LANLOWENTHAL , Ranking Member, House Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMEN BISHOP AND GOSAR AND  R
ANKING MEMBERS GRIJALVA AND  L
OWENTHAL : I write on behalf of the Fond du Lac Band of Lake Superior Chippewa to ex-press our profound concerns about, and strong objections to, the draft bill offered by Congressman Emmer that was the subject of the hearing on July 27 before the Sub-committee on Energy and Mineral Re-sources. This draft bill would retroactively grant to a foreign-owned mining company— one that has a history of environmental vio-lations in its home country—a perpetual lease of federal mineral rights. It would fur-ther eliminate an ongoing administrative process that is essential to the proper eval-uation of any future development of federal minerals within this exceptional part of the Superior National Forest lands. We urge you not to support this measure. The Fond du Lac Band is a federally recog-nized Indian tribe. We hold a Reservation just south of Superior National Forest which was established for us by Treaty with the United States on September 30, 1854, 10 Stat. 1109. The 1854 Treaty further reserved to us the rights to hunt, fish and gather on lands outside our Reservation. These lands extend into the Arrowhead region of Minnesota, and encompass the lands within much of Supe-rior National Forest and the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW), in-cluding the lands that are affected by this draft bill. The BWCAW, the lands adjacent to it, as well as the lands beyond the BWCAW’s buffer zone and within the Superior National For-est, are pristine. This region—within the Rainy Lake Watershed—is a unique water- based ecosystem with thousands of lakes and interconnected waterbodies. The quality of its waters is high and those waters provide critically important habitat for fish and wildlife, including moose and other unique natural resources like wild rice. The waters, wild rice, fish and game are especially im-portant to the Chippewa. Such natural re-sources have sustained our people for cen-turies and are the foundation of our culture and religion. The natural resources in this region play an increasingly important role in our ability to feed our families and exercise our Treaty rights, because many of the waters southwest of this region are impaired (as designated by the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency) from mining pollutants which have, in turn, destroyed wild rice beds and led to fish consumption advisories. Although northeastern Minnesota has a long history of mining, the mining done to date in the State has been for iron and taco-nite. The proposals to develop sulfide ore mining, for copper, nickel and palladium, would be the first of their kind in Minnesota. The history of such mines elsewhere high-lights the very serious environmental dam-age that they pose from acid mine drainage— risks that Minnesota has not yet had occa-sion to address or regulate. Those risks are especially acute in water-based ecosystems like those in the BWCAW and the Rainy Lake watershed of Minnesota. And the pro-posed development of sulfide ore mines in lands immediately south of the BWCAW poses a serious and direct threat to the BWCAW for the very simple reason that the waters in that region flow north—towards the BWCAW. Because of the very substantial risks posed by sulfide-ore mining, Minnesota Governor Dayton made a decision in March 2016 not to permit the use of state lands for mining in this area, and subsequently the Secretaries of Interior and Agriculture made like deci-sions with regard to federal lands. In par-ticular, these federal agencies declined to renew two leases of federal minerals which had been made a half-century ago to the predecessor of Twin Metals Mine, and its for-eign owner, Antofagasta Minerals. One of these leases covers land that is directly adja-cent to the BWCAW. The other is within three miles of the BWCAW. The federal deci-sion was based on a determination that the leases posed an unacceptable risk to the waters and natural resources in the BWCAW. In connection with that decision, the Depart-ments of Interior and Agriculture initiated a process to evaluate whether 234,328 acres of federal lands within this ecologically unique region should be withdrawn from mining. The federal review process is now under-way and should be allowed to continue. Deci-sions on whether to allow sulfide-ore mining, especially in this unique water-based eco-system, need to take into account all of the impacts of the proposed project and should be based on objective science, economics and the social and related impacts of such devel-opment on the lives and livelihood of Min-nesotans, including federally-protected trib-al Treaty rights. Such analysis should also be done before any decision is made to reinstate expired, or expiring, leases of federal minerals in this area. The need for such an analysis is illus-trated by the expired leases for the Twin Metals Mine. The original leases, which had a 20-year term, were made in 1966, well before enactment of laws that are essential to pro-tecting the environment, such as the Clean Water Act. The original leases were also made before the federal courts confirmed the continued rights of the Chippewa to hunt, fish and gather in this region, and accord-ingly do not take into account the impact of the mineral leases on these treaty-protected rights. All such matters should be carefully considered, and the on-going administrative review process is intended to do this and should be allowed to continue. The draft bill does not do this. Instead of allowing a process that would permit in-formed decision-making, the bill would eliminate the on-going review process. The bill would further retroactively reinstate the Twin Metals’ expired leases, while rewriting the terms of those leases to convert them into ‘‘indeterminate’’ leases, while further limiting the federal government’s ability to impose conditions on these leases—giving to the company what appears to be essentially a perpetual right to the federal minerals on these lands. Further, the bill would do the same for all other unidentified leases that may now exist on National Forest Service lands within Minnesota, as well as any fu-ture such leases. The kind of mining that Twin Metals and Antofagasta propose to develop is dangerous and poses a direct and substantial threat to what has long been recognized as an excep-tional and extraordinary wilderness. Those threats should be carefully assessed through the on-going administrative review process. Congress should not enact laws that preclude informed decision-making or which blindly re-write leases, but should allow the federal agencies which have been delegated responsi-bility for addressing the terms and condi-tions on which federal lands may be leased, to continue to exercise that authority under existing law. Finally, to the extent that Twin Metals Mine contends that the federal government’s decision not to renew its leases is wrong, it has already chosen to raise those claims in federal court, where they are pend-ing. We urge Congress not to proceed with this draft bill. Sincerely, KEVIN R. D UPUIS , Sr., Chairman. 
GRAND PORTAGE RESERVATION  T
RIBAL COUNCIL , Grand Portage, MN, April 29, 2016. Hon. T
OMVILSACK , Secretary of Agriculture, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HRISTINA GOLDFUSS , Director, Council on Environmental Quality, Washington, DC. Hon. S
ALLY JEWELL , Secretary of the Interior, U.S. Department of the Interior, Washington, DC. D
EAR SECRETARY VILSACK , S ECRETARY  J
EWELL , ANDDIRECTOR GOLDFUSS : The Grand Portage Band (‘‘the Band’’) is a federally rec-ognized Indian tribe, as one of the member bands of the Minnesota Chippewa Tribe (‘‘MCT’’). The Band, along with two other MCT Bands, Fond du Lac and Bois Forte, re-tain hunting, fishing, and other usufructuary rights that extend throughout the entire northeast portion of the state of Minnesota under the 1854 Treaty of LaPointe (the ‘‘Ceded Territory’’). In the Ceded Territory, all the Bands have a legal interest in pro-tecting natural resources and all federal agencies share in the federal government’s trust responsibility to the Bands to maintain those treaty resources. The Band is concerned with the prospect of a series of sulfide-ore mines being developed in the headwaters of the Boundary Waters Canoe Area (‘‘BWCA’’) watershed. The BWCA watershed is located on the Minnesota/On-tario border and is entirely within the 1854 Ceded Territory. The BWCA watershed is comprised of a vast area of pristine inter-connected waterways that have been used by the Chippewa for centuries. Low buffering capacity of water and soil and the inter-connection of lakes and streams, make the BWCA watershed particularly vulnerable to the impacts of mining. Sulfide-ore mines are proposed to be built in the BWCA watershed, immediately adja-cent to the BWCA and upstream from it. These mines would threaten to pollute pris-tine water and damage the important forest habitat used by many types of wildlife. Sul-fide-ore mining has a consistent record of devastating environmental harm, including contaminating waters, degrading forests, and predicted, catastrophic spills of toxic mate-rials. There are inherent risks to sulfide-ore mining, and it makes no sense to place what the Environmental Protection Agency calls the nation’s most toxic industry in the BWCA watershed and within the Ceded Terri-tory upon which the Band relies. Therefore, the Band is requesting that the Department of interior and Department of Agriculture take steps to permanently pro-tect the Boundary Waters watershed front 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:53 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.033 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9503 November 29, 2017 
sulfide-ore mining. Specifically, we urge you to: 1. Ensure that no leasing of federal min-erals occurs within the BWCA watershed by denying applications for new federal mineral leases and federal mineral lease renewals. 2. Withdraw the federally owned minerals within the BWCA watershed from the federal mineral leasing program. 3. Take any additional measures necessary to protect the BWCA watershed from the threat of sulfide-ore mining. We urge you to ensure that the full extent of the risks posed by large-scale sulfide-ore mining in the BWCA headwaters are thor-oughly considered in order to determine the best course for the future of the watershed and the tribal communities who rely on its clean water and intact forested habitats to exercise usufructuary rights. Sincerely, N
ORMAN W. D ESCHAMPE , Chairman. 
WHITE EARTH RESERVATION  T
RIBAL COUNCIL , White Earth, MN, May 23, 2016. Hon. T
OMVILSACK , Secretary of Agriculture, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HRISTINA GOLDFUSS , Director, Council on Environmental Quality, Washington, DC. Hon. S
ALLY JEWELL , Secretary of the Interior, U.S. Department of the Interior, Washington, DC. D
EAR SECRETARY VILSACK , S ECRETARY  J
EWELL , ANDDIRECTOR GOLDFUSS : The Grand Portage Band (‘‘the Band’’) is a federally rec-ognized Indian tribe, as one of the member bands of the Minnesota Chippewa Tribe (‘‘MCT’’). The Band, along with two other MCT Bands, Fond duLac and Bois Forte, re-tain hunting, fishing, and other usufructuary rights that extend throughout the entire northeast portion of the state of Minnesota under the 1854 Treaty of LaPointe. In the Ceded Territory, all the Bands have a legal interest in protecting natural resources and all federal agencies share in the federal gov-ernment’s trust responsibility to the Bands to maintain those treaty resources. The Band is concerned with the prospect of a series of sulfide-ore mines being developed in the headwaters of the Boundary Waters Canoe Area (‘‘BWCA’’) watershed. The BWCA watershed is located on the Minnesota/On-tario border and is entirely within the 1854 Ceded Territory. The BWCA watershed is comprised of a vast area of pristine inter-connected waterways that have been used by the Chippewa for centuries. Low buffering capacity of water and soil and the inter-connection of lakes and streams, make the BWCA watershed particularly vulnerable to the impacts of mining. Sulfide-ore mines are proposed to be built in the BWCA watershed, immediately adja-cent to the BWCA and upstream from it. These mines would threaten to pollute pris-tine water and damage the important forest habitat used by many types of wildlife. Sul-fide-ore mining has a consistent record of devastating environmental harm, including contaminating waters, degrading forests, and unpredicted, catastrophic spills of toxic ma-terials. There are inherent risks to sulfide-ore mining. and it makes no sense to place what the Environmental Protection Agency calls the nation’s most toxic industry in the BWCA watershed and within the Ceded Terri-tory upon which the Band relies. Therefore, White Earth is requesting that the Department of Interior and Department of Agriculture take steps to permanently protect the Boundary Waters watershed from sulfide-ore mining. Specifically, we urge you to: 1. Ensure that no leasing of federal min-erals occurs within the BWCA watershed by denying applications for new federal mineral leases and federal mineral lease renewals. 2. Withdraw the federally owned minerals within the BWCA watershed from the federal mineral leasing program. 3. Take any additional measures necessary to protect the BWCA watershed from the threat of sulfide-ore mining. We urge you to ensure that the full extent of the risks posed by large-scale sulfide-ore mining in the BWCA headwaters are thor-oughly considered in order to determine the best course for the future of the watershed and the tribal communities who rely on its clean water and intact forested habitats to exercise usufructuary rights. Sincerely, STEVEN ‘‘PUNKY ’’ CLARK , Vice-Chairman. 
SPORTSMEN FOR THE  B
OUNDARY WATERS , Ely, MN, November 28, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members and supporters, we urge you to OPPOSE H.R. 3905, the so-called ‘‘Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Supe-rior National Forest Act’’ when it is consid-ered on the House floor. Simply put, H.R. 3905 is a bill to allow sul-fide-ore mining at the edge of the Boundary Water Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW), di-rectly threatening one of America’s most ac-cessible and most-visited wilderness areas. At 1.1 million acres in size, the BWCAW is the largest wilderness east of the Rockies and north of the Everglades. This inter-connected system of lakes, rivers, and streams provides unparalleled opportunities for solitude, recreation, hunting and fishing. The connections between Northern Min-nesota’s national forests, Boundary Water Canoe Area Wilderness, Voyageurs National Park, and Quetico Provincial Park makes this entire trans boundary area extremely susceptible to the threat of pollution from sulfide-ore mining, one of the most toxic in-dustries in America, according to the EPA. H.R. 3905 would require congressional ap-proval of any mineral withdrawal or monu-ment designation involving National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota and would provide for the perpetual renewal of federal mineral leases in Minnesota, includ-ing two that were denied by the Forest Serv-ice and the Bureau of Land Management. The bill undermines the Antiquities Act, Na-tional Environmental Policy Act, Federal Land Policy and Management Act, Boundary Waters Wilderness Act, and other laws regu-lating mineral leasing in Minnesota’s na-tional forests. Contrary to the bill’s title, H.R. 3905 would do more harm than good for the economy of Northern Minnesota. Economic analysis by Key-Log Economics LLC shows that sulfide- ore mining on Superior National Forest lands in the watershed of the Boundary Waters could lead to the loss of nearly 5,000 jobs in tourism, 5,000 to 22,000 jobs in the rest of the economy, a $1.6 billion loss in annual income, and a $500 million reduction in pri-vate property values. Specifically, we urge opposition to this bill because it would: Renew two expired and undeveloped min-eral leases on Superior National Forest lands next to the Boundary Waters and along lakes and rivers that flow directly into the Wilder-ness, advancing a foreign mining company’s interests at the expense of beloved American public lands. Void the December 2016 record of decision by the Forest Service withholding its con-sent to two mineral lease renewal requests in the Superior National Forest due to the un-acceptable risks to this watershed, which ac-cording to the Forest Service holds 20 per-cent of the National Forest System’s fresh water supply. Undermine the National Environmental Policy Act by limiting review of these two mineral leases to a 30-day environmental as-sessment. Contrary to the bill language, there is no ‘pending EA.’ However, this sec-tion would override the ongoing two-year Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) ini-tiated by the Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management to carefully consider the potential impacts of sulfide-ore mining on the Boundary Waters watershed. The ongo-ing EIS is strongly supported by Minnesota’s Governor Dayton and by the citizens of Min-nesota. More than 79% of Minnesota voters support the study, while more than 126,000 citizens submitted comments during the scoping phase. Amend the 1906 Antiquities Act by man-dating Congressional approval for any na-tional monument designations in Min-nesota’s national forests. The Antiquities Act is a bipartisan conservation law, which has been used by Presidents of both parties, to protect irreplaceable federal lands from potential threats. Monument designation under the Antiquities Act have provided pro-tections for areas including the Grand Can-yon, Acadia, Zion, Muir Woods, and Olympic National Parks. Quite simply, this attack on the Antiquities Act is an attack against our national parks and monuments. Amend the 1976 Federal Land Policy and Management Act (FLPMA) by mandating Congressional approval for mineral with-drawals in Minnesota’s national forests. Ad-ditionally, FLPMA intentionally left intact the presidential power to protect public lands as monuments. Bar the Forest Service from complying with its legal obligations under the 1978 Boundary Waters Wilderness Act. In this Act Congress requires the Forest Service to maintain the high-water quality of the Boundary Waters and a Mining Protection Area within the Superior National Forest. The Forest Service concluded that sulfide- ore mining near the Boundary Waters would be ‘‘contrary to Congress’ determination that it is necessary to ‘protect the special qualities of the [BWCAW] as a natural forest- lakeland wilderness ecosystem of major es-thetic, scientific, recreational and edu-cational value to the Nation.’’’ Make all mineral leases on Minnesota’s na-tional forests essentially perpetual. The ‘per-petual’ nature of these leases is material change in long-standing mineral leasing law and policy. The bill would also override the two laws (1946 and 1950) on mineral leasing in Minnesota’s national forests that require Forest Service consent to any mining. Ignore the request of the International Joint Commission that environmental re-view of impacts on trans boundary water quality and cumulative effects be studied and the requests of four tribal entities (the area is Ceded Territory). Thank you for considering our concerns. In order to adequately protect iconic places like the Boundary Waters, Voyageurs Na-tional Park, and all of Minnesota’s public lands, and bedrock environmental laws like the Antiquities Act and the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act, we urge you to OP-POSE H.R. 3905. Sincerely, B
ACKCOUNTRY HUNTERS & A
NGLERS . N
ATIONAL WILDLIFE  F
EDERATION . T
HEODORE ROOSEVELT  C
ONSERVATION  P
ARTNERSHIP . F
LYFISHERS  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.022 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9504 November 29, 2017 
INTERNATIONAL . M
INNESOTA DIVISION , IZAAK  W
ALTON LEAGUE OF  A
MERICA . A
MERICAN FLYFISHING  T
RADE ASSOCIATION . P
OPE AND YOUNG CLUB. K
EEPITPUBLIC .ORG. 
GIRL SCOUTS OF MINNESOTA AND  W
ISCONSIN LAKES AND PINES, November 26, 2017. D
EARMEMBER OF CONGRESS , I am writing to request you vote no on H.R. 3905, which is a bill that would stop a 2-year Forest Service study of environmental, economic, and so-cial risks to the Boundary Waters from sul-fide-ore copper mining on Superior National Forest lands in the headwaters of the Bound-ary Waters Canoe Area. For over fifty years, Northern Lakes Canoe Base has offered wilderness canoe trips in the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW). I guided Girl Scout canoe trips for five years and have directed our wilderness program for 7 years and am writing this let-ter to describe the strengths of this program to you and to underscore the fact that this one-of-a-kind program cannot exist any-where other than the Boundary Waters. Girls who come on our canoe trips may have had basic camping and canoeing experi-ences, but few have experience in wilderness travel. We typically serve 150–200 girls a summer. In general, girls travel in wilderness areas less than boys. Even in 2017, girls are taught to think that the outdoors is no place for a girl because it is hard work, dirty, and going to the mall is just much easier. We teach teenage girls, in a girl-only environment, that their individual strength and the power of teamwork is far greater than they ever imagined. They also learn that hard work and dirt is part of the fun on a Boundary Waters canoe trip, and they leave with an appreciation for the beauty of wilderness and an understanding of the challenges they now know they can overcome. Girl Scout wilder-ness canoe trips bring out the best in teen-age girls; we see how creative, hardworking, and kind they can be to each other. It doesn’t take much imagination to believe that these traits will follow them back to their everyday life. We are a high quality, affordable program and pride ourselves on our thriftiness. We use our canoes for 20+ seasons and packs and paddles summer after summer. We do this so we can serve girls from all economic back-grounds, including local iron range and Na-tive American communities. For years we have received feedback from participants crediting their Boundary Waters experience for continued, life-long growth. Our program cannot exist some-where other than the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness. No other place on earth offers the perfect combination of ac-cessibility and high adventure that the BWCAW offers. Many of our participants drive to Ely from Chicago, Milwaukee, and Minneapolis. Many others fly to Minneapolis and then rent a car to get to Ely. Unlike many other wilderness areas which may be high on a mountain range or only accessible by high-clearance vehicles, it is easy for a mom or dad to drive a van full of girls to the Boundary Waters, send them on a trip, and then pick them up a week later. The Boundary Waters is also unique in that, unlike many other wilderness areas, visitors don’t require any previous experi-ence or training to have a safe, adventurous trip. Anyone seeking adventure and chal-lenge belongs on a canoe trip, not just body builders and endurance athletes. We have even seen that a Girl Scout canoe trip some-times inspires girls who may be uninterested in athletics or leadership to seek out their own creative ways to be active and healthy, leading to improved confidence and greater aspirations. Again, it doesn’t take much imagination to conclude that girls who expe-rience wilderness travel will go on to make the world a better place. Girl Scouts canoe trip participants always remark that the solitude they find in the Boundary Waters is unlike any they have found elsewhere, whether at their own Girl Scout resident camp or a state or national park. The quiet environment of a protected wilderness area gives them an opportunity to reflect on their life in a way that they could not in a non-wilderness setting. Girl Scouts end their canoe trip with a swagger to their step, ready to take on any challenge that comes their way. Thank you for doing your part to preserve the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness by voting no on H.R. 3905. It means a lot to all of us in Ely whose programs and busi-nesses are focused around wilderness travel. Sincerely, A
NNMCNALLY , Northern Lakes Canoe Base Summer Program Director/Guide. 
NOVEMBER 28, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : Representative Tom Emmer’s bill, H.R. 3905, is a dangerous piece of legislation that endangers the public land we as veterans fought to protect. This bill would allow a foreign mining conglom-erate, Antofagasta, to build dangerous cop-per-nickel mines in the headwaters of Amer-ica’s most visited Wilderness Area, the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness in Northeastern Minnesota. On behalf of Vet-erans for the Boundary Waters, I urge you to vote no on H.R. 3905. The Boundary Waters is a place of healing for many veterans suffering from trauma or having difficulty readjusting to life at home. The peace found in this Wilderness is price-less, and if destroyed, we will be robbing fu-ture veterans of their chance to heal. One specific camp, Voyageur Outward Bound School (VOBS), provides vets-only trips to help veterans readjust to life at home through Wilderness experiences. This pro-gram has been incredibly successful. Unfor-tunately, VOBS is located on the same lake as the proposed mines and, if passed, H.R. 3905 would cause this camp to shut down, eliminating hundreds of American jobs by moving to Canada, and eliminating and the opportunity for veterans to take advantage of these incredibly beneficial programs. If passed, H.R. 3905 would have severe nega-tive consequences for veterans in Minnesota and across the country. The Boundary Waters and Voyageurs National Park are public lands that are meant to be protected for veterans and their families to enjoy. H.R. 3905 would endanger these public lands and prohibit future generations of veterans from experiencing these national treasures. We have an obligation to honor our nation’s vet-erans by protecting the same public lands they fought for. Again, please VOTE NO on H.R. 3905. Sincerely, Erik Packard, Staff Sergeant U.S. Army and Army Reserve 1996–2004, 2006–2013; Joe Banavige, US Army Officer, Desert Storm 1st Armored Division; Craig Shaver, US Marine Corps Infantry, Operation Enduring Free-dom; Sergio Manacero, 1st Combat Engineer Batallion, 1st Marine Division. 
NOVEMBER 6, 2017. Re: H.R. 3905. Member of the U.S. House Natural Resources Committee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARMEMBER OF THE U.S. H OUSE NATURAL  R
ESOURCES COMMITTEE : The undersigned coa-litions, organizations, and businesses rep-resent approximately 18 million sportsmen and sportswomen, 282 businesses, and the broad spectrum of users of the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness from across America. We stand united in strong opposi-tion to H.R. 3905. H.R. 3905 would require congressional ap-proval of any mineral withdrawal or monu-ment designation involving National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota and would provide for the renewal of two federal mineral leases that were denied by the For-est Service and the Bureau of Land Manage-ment. Specifically, the bill would: Renew two mineral leases on Superior Na-tional Forest lands next to the Boundary Waters and along lakes and rivers that flow directly into the Wilderness. The now-ex-pired mineral leases have never been devel-oped into a mine. Void the 18–page record of decision by the Forest Service withholding its consent to two mineral lease renewal requests. Peer-re-viewed science documents that sulfide-ore copper mining on these lease areas would pollute the Boundary Waters. An over-whelming majority of the public supports this decision and by more than two to one, opposes copper mining near the Boundary Waters (2017 Fabrizio Ward poll). Undermine the National Environmental Policy Act by limiting review of these two mineral leases to a 30–day environmental as-sessment. Contrary to the bill language, there is no ‘pending EA.’ The expired min-eral leases have never undergone environ-mental review. Scientific evidence docu-ments the potential for negative environ-mental harm to a national wilderness area (Boundary Waters) and a national park (Voyageurs National Park) if mining were al-lowed on these lease areas, and NEPA re-quires unrestricted environmental review. Make all mineral leases on Minnesota’s na-tional forests essentially perpetual. The ‘per-petual’ nature of these leases is material change in long-standing mineral leasing law and policy. Over-ride the two laws (1946 and 1950) on mineral leasing in Minnesota’s national for-ests that require Forest Service consent to any mining. Amend the 1906 Antiquities Act by man-dating Congressional approval for any na-tional monument designations in Min-nesota’s national forests. Amend the 1976 Federal Land Policy and Management Act by mandating Congres-sional approval for mineral withdrawals in Minnesota’s national forests Bar the Forest Service from complying with its legal obligations under the 1978 Boundary Waters Wilderness Act. Ignore the request of the International Joint Commission that environmental re-view of impacts on transboundary water quality and cumulative effects be studied and the requests of four tribal entities (the area is Ceded Territory). The Boundary Waters is the most-acces-sible and most-visited Wilderness area in the nation. It draws 155,000 visitors every year and provides unparalleled backcountry op-portunities. At 1.1 million acres in size, it is the largest Wilderness east of the Rockies and north of the Everglades. The vast net-work of lakes, rivers, and streams that gives the Boundary Waters its name is the basis of our strong canoe culture. The Boundary Waters includes 1,200 miles of canoe and kayak routes and 2,000 designated campsites, and is home to some of the finest backcountry angling and hunting in the na-tion. Sportsmen and women ply the clean waters and healthy forests of the Wilderness in pursuit of walleye, bass, pike, trout, bear, deer, grouse, and wild rice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:29 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.024 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9505 November 29, 2017 
The scientific evidence of harm to the Boundary Waters from sulfide-ore copper mining in the watershed is strong. Hydrolo-gists say that pollution is inevitable—it is not ‘if’ but ‘when.’ Hardrock mining is the most toxic industry in America, according to the EPA. The acid mine drainage associated with this type of mining harms water, aquat-ic and terrestrial species, forests, and soils, and poses a serious risk to human health. Scientific and economic studies show that sulfide-ore copper mining along lakes and streams that flow directly into the Boundary Waters puts at risk not only our premiere fishing, hunting, and recreation on Superior National Forest lands, but also the strong, stable economy of Northeastern Minnesota. Economic analysis by Key-Log Economics LLC shows that sulfide-ore copper mining on Superior National Forest lands in the water-shed of the Boundary Waters could lead to the loss of nearly 5,000 jobs in tourism, 5,000 to 22,000 jobs in the rest of the economy, a $1.6 billion loss in annual income, and a $500 million reduction in private property values. H.R. 3905, an ill-advised effort to advance a foreign mining company’s interests at the expense of beloved public lands, would gut long-standing and powerful national con-servation laws and undermine recent deci-sions by the Department of Interior and De-partment of Agriculture to take a two-year pause in mining-related activity to analyze the risks of sulfide-ore copper mining in the watershed of the Boundary Waters. Agriculture Secretary Perdue and Interior Secretary Zinke support the ongoing Forest Service two-year study. H.R. 3905 would re-move authority for them and their agencies to make appropriate and reasonable deci-sions to manage the Superior National For-est and the Boundary Waters. The ongoing two-year Forest Service study was initiated by the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management after careful consideration of the potential impacts of sul-fide-ore copper mining in the Boundary Waters watershed. It is strongly supported by Minnesota’s Governor Dayton and by the citizens of Minnesota. More than 79% of Min-nesota voters support the study. More than 126,000 citizens submitted comments during the scoping phase and more than 3,000 people participated in three Forest Service listen-ing sessions and, by a margin of nearly two- to-one, testified in support of protecting the Boundary Waters. Sincerely, Sportsmen for the Boundary Waters, By Jason Zabokrtsky, Chair, Representing 15 hunting and fishing organizations; Boundary Waters Business Coalition, By Steve Piragis, Chair, Representing 282 businesses from Min-nesota and throughout America; Campaign to Save the Boundary Waters; By Becky Rom, Chair; Representing 26 conservation or-ganizations; Veterans for the Boundary Waters; By Erik Packard, Chair, Rep-resenting military veterans; Girl Scouts and Boy Scouts for the Boundary Waters, By Ann McNally, Chair. 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join them and to join me in opposing this bill, and I thank the gentleman from California for the time. b1545 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
AMALFA ). Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, as a Californian who lives in a very rural part of the State that is economically in huge pain, when I see an opportunity for people in rural America to prosper, to do well, I see, in H.R. 3905, again, this opportunity for the people in Min-nesota. The MINER Act, introduced by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ), will put it on the right track toward being able to extract the min-erals that are needed for production of taking raw materials and making them into finished products here in the United States. This bill addresses a 230,000-acre min-eral withdrawal from Superior Na-tional Forest in Minnesota, which, really, it is about jobs and economic growth, while also maintaining clear standards for all projects across the Nation. Indeed, this is a very narrow bill. It explores the possibilities, which is only a small step. Indeed, if mining was to occur, there is a litany of permits, years of process required to take that following step. Indeed, the arbitrary decision, the day before President Obama left office, halted a $400 million project, jeopard-ized 17,000 American jobs, cut $3 billion from K–12 schools, and slashed $2.5 bil-lion annually from local governments and the State. These types of effects I feel in my own district where our industries have been taken away. Any time there is a proposal to do anything like that, whether it is timber harvest, mining, or whatever, you then hear about how the whole zone is pristine and unique, never been touched. These operations can happen environmentally correctly, environmentally soundly, and that is the standard for which we have in this country, is that we will do things cor-rectly now, and we will put them back when we are done. Though a 20-year moratorium was imposed on the area, similar plans for mining have previously been approved by Congress twice. Mining operations across the country already commit to a strict environmental review process to ensure the public safety and the pro-tection of natural resources, as we all expect. You mine an area under the strict guidelines, and you reclaim it. In most cases, mining companies must also put up bonds to pay for cleanup, sometimes for billions of dol-lars before a single shovel is ever turned. In this case, we are talking about exploration of the area to see what the potential is. This bill does not overturn existing Federal, State, or local environmental reviews. Instead, it ensures all projects are held to clear, consistent require-ments, not arbitrary political deci-sions. Allowing politicians to prohibit one project or another, based solely on a whim, goes against American ideals of fairness and equal opportunity. These minerals are essential to our economy. To those claiming that min-ing will damage the environment, I would ask you this: Where would you prefer that these minerals come from? Do you want the mining to occur here in America, under these kinds of strict guidelines, bring American jobs to the front; or do we want to do it elsewhere in the world, places like China and oth-ers that have little respect for the en-vironmental process or review or oper-ations that are sustainable? I think we should have it here. Where would you have us get our minerals? Where would you have us get the rare earth materials that are needed for production of new technologies? H.R. 3905 protects Minnesota’s econ-omy, schools, and State budget; it pro-tects the rule of law; and it protects the domestic access to these important materials and minerals we need to have our economy get stronger—a very nar-row scope; it is sound legislation and sound policy. Mr. Speaker, I urge swift passage of this important legislation. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
AULSEN ). Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to speak in opposition to this legisla-tion, and here is why: it threatens Min-nesota’s Boundary Waters Canoe Area; it stops the scientific environmental review that is going on right now; it weakens the Antiquities Act; and it singles out Minnesota’s national for-ests as not being allowed the same en-vironmental protections that national forests in every other State receive. Now, northern Minnesota has a rich history of taconite mining. But the mine that is being proposed on the doorstep of the Boundary Waters, America’s most-visited wilderness, is a massive copper-sulfide mine, some-thing we have no history of in Min-nesota. It would threaten some of the cleanest and most pristine water and lakes in the country. Today, there is a 2-year review going on of the mining leases to analyze the risks of copper-sulfide mining in the watershed of the Boundary Waters. It is based on science. It is supported by Secretary Perdue. It is supported by Secretary Zinke. And I should note that Secretary Zinke is supporting a similar review of a proposed mine in Montana that borders Yellowstone Na-tional Park. But this bill halts that scientific re-view and automatically grants the leases for the mine. If this becomes law, Minnesota’s land and water would be singled out as not worthy of the exact same environmental review and protections that exist in every other State in the country. It carves out a special exemption for Minnesota from the Antiquities Act, which has been used on a bipartisan basis by 16 Presidents as a conserva-tion tool to protect America’s history for future generations. And why should the land and history in Minnesota be less worthy of protection? There are the public comments from more than 100,000 people, Mr. Speaker, that would be tossed aside. Mr. Speaker, the Boundary Waters is Minnesota’s Yellowstone. Hundreds of thousands of people canoe and fish 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.027 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9506 November 29, 2017 
there annually every year. It is a na-tional treasure. Some of the best memories of my life have taken place in the Boundary Waters as I grew up or, now, with my daughters. We owe it to future genera-tions to understand the impact that copper-sulfide mining poses to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area; and that is why I am voting ‘‘no’’ on a bill that undermines science and puts Min-nesota’s water at risk. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Arkan-sas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ), my friend and colleague, for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3905, the Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act, or the MINER Act. This act does not remove or reduce the permitting requirements should a future project ultimately be developed in the Supe-rior National Forest. But nearly a year after President Obama’s departure from the White House, I stand before this body to speak in favor of a bill that would rec-tify an injustice placed upon Minneso-tans by the previous administration. As we have heard throughout this de-bate, on President Obama’s last day in office, the previous administration pulled such a politically motivated stunt that appears more as a thumb-in- the-eye of hardworking Minnesotans than sound policy. Without a second thought, and one stroke of his pen, President Obama pro-posed withdrawing over 200,000 acres from future mineral exploration while, simultaneously, rejecting a renewal ap-plication for a hard rock mining oper-ation that had been renewed in 1989 and 2004, without controversy. This decision endangered thousands of jobs. These are good-paying jobs that are significantly higher than the median average wage in Minnesota and the United States. Additionally, that decision could devastate the State’s permanent school trust fund that will support nearly 900,000 K–12 students statewide if the withdrawal application and canceled leases are not rejected. At a time when it is vital that our teach-ers and students are given the re-sources they require, it would be fool-ish to allow this to take place. Some may ask why a Member from Arkansas would care about this deci-sion. It is close to 1,000 miles away from my district to the Superior Na-tional Forest. The answer though is twofold, and it is simple. The first, it restores Federal land management oversight back to where it belongs, the United States Congress. H.R. 3905 will prevent executive order overreach by requiring congressional approval of all mineral or monument withdrawals within National Forest System lands in Minnesota and re-verses the unwarranted action taken under the Obama administration to unilaterally block responsible mineral development in the Superior National Forest. Secondly, as someone who represents communities, counties, and schools that depend on the safe, responsible harvest and mining of our natural re-sources, I understand the real devasta-tion that will take place, not only in Minnesota, but possibly in my district and other areas across the country if H.R. 3905 is not passed. Mr. Speaker, for the protection of our constitutional system of checks and balances, and preservation of rural economies, I believe that it is vital that we pass this piece of legislation. I encourage my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 3905. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter from 53 bipartisan Minnesota State legislators, a letter from Jobs for Minnesotans, and a letter from the Minnesota Pipe Trades Association. 
NOVEMBER 27, 2017. Congressman T
OMEMMER , Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN EMMER : As elected leaders of the Minnesota Legislature, we are writing in strong support of H.R. 3905. This legislation supports jobs, economic develop-ment and industry in Northeast Minnesota, and will reverse an onerous, overreaching and politically-motivated decision by the Obama Administration that withdrew nearly 240,000 acres of federal lands and minerals from potential development. H.R. 3905 will halt these last-minute land withdrawals, re-instate leases affected by that decision in-cluding the Twin Metals’ lease, and require congressional approval for any future with-drawal actions. The decision by the Obama Administration last January put jobs and nearly $2.5 billion of our state’s economy at risk. Furthermore, it risked the depression of the precious met-als, technology, infrastructure and manufac-turing industries in our state, and the eco-nomic well-being of Northeast Minnesota—a region where mining has been an economic anchor since the late nineteenth century. And that’s not to mention the estimated four billion ton deposit of copper, nickel, and other strategic minerals located within the Duluth Complex which could generate as much as $3 billion in royalty revenues for the state’s Permanent School Trust Fund— resources that would support education for nearly 900,000 K–12 students across the state. H.R. 3905 also reaffirms our shared com-mitment to the protection of our environ-ment and support of a thorough and proper environmental review process for the min-eral leases, as well as upholds our state’s commitment to restricting mineral develop-ment in the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness and Mine Protection Area. The expansion of the precious metals min-ing industry offers generations of Minneso-tans thousands of good-paying jobs, billions of dollars in investment in industry, and bil-lions of dollars in revenue for Minnesota schools. Moreover, it provides an incredible opportunity to further establish our nation’s economic and energy independence from for-eign nations. The decision to remove vast amounts of federal land from potential de-velopment and blocking the Twin Metals’ federal mineral lease renewal was short- sighted and damaging. H.R. 3905 has our bi-partisan support, and it is our sincere hope that it will become law for the well-being of our state and its citizens. Sincerely, Rep. Kurt Daudt, Speaker of the House; Rep. Joyce Peppin, Majority Leader Leader; Rep. Dan Fabian, Environment Committee Chair, House District 1A; Sen. Bill Ingebrigtesen, Environment Committee Chair, Senate District 8; Rep. Pat Garofalo, Jobs and Energy Committee Chair, House District 58B; Sen. Jerry Newton, Senate Dis-trict 37, Legislative School Trust Commis-sion; Rep. Julie Sandstede, House District 6A, Legislative School Trust Commission; Sen. Paul Gazelka, Majority Leader; Sen. Tom Bakk, Senate District 3; Rep. Chris Swedzinski, Mining and Outdoor Recreation Chair, House District 16A; Sen. David Tomassoni, Environment Committee Rank-ing Member, Senate District 6; Rep. Rob Ecklund, Assistant Minority Leader, House District 3A; Rep. Sandy Layman, House Dis-trict 5B, Legislative School Trust Commis-sion; Rep. Dale Lueck, House District 10B, Legislative School Trust Commission; Sen. John Hoffman, Senate District 36, Legisla-tive School Trust Commission. Rep. Brian Daniels, House District 24B; Rep. Brian Johnson, House District 32A; Rep. Rod Hamilton, House District 22B; Rep. Sondra Erickson, House District 15A; Rep. Bob Gunther, House District; Rep. Steve Drazkowski, House District 21B; Sen. Justin Eichorn, Senate District 5, Legislative School Trust Commission; Rep. Jim Nash, House District 47A; Rep. Jason Rarick, House District 11B; Rep. Mary Franson, House District 8B; Rep. Jon Koznick, House District 58A; Rep. Paul Torkelson, House District 16B; Rep. Tony Albright, House Dis-trict 55B; Rep. Bob Dettmer, House District 39A; Rep. Josh Heintzeman, House District 10A; Rep. Kathy Lohmer, House District 39B; Rep. Linda Runbeck, House District 38A; Rep. Bob Loonan, House District 55A; Rep. Glenn Gruenhagen, House District 18B; Rep. John Poston, House District 9A; Rep. Cal Bahr, House District 31B. Rep. Cindy Pugh, House District 33B; Rep. Roz Peterson, House District 56B; Rep. Barb Haley, House District 21A; Rep. Deb Kiel, House District 1B; Rep. Matt Dean, House District 38B; Rep. Dean Urdahl, House Dis-trict 18A; Rep. Tama Theis, House District 14A; Rep. Steve Green, House District 2B; Rep. Matt Bliss, House District; Rep. Mike Sundin, House District 11A; Rep. Dave Baker, House District 17B; Sen. Mary Kiffmeyer, Senate District 30; Sen. Jerry Relph, Senate District 14; Rep. Tim Miller, House District 17A; Rep. Mary Kunesh- Podein, House District 41B, Legislative School Trust Commission; Sen. Mark John-son, Senate District 1; Sen. Paul Utke 2, Sen-ate District. 
JOBS FOR MINNESOTANS , Nov. 22, 2017. Re In Support of MINER Act. Hon. E
RIKPAULSEN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR CONGRESSMAN PAULSEN : I’m writing on behalf of legislation described below but wanted to let you know I had submitted a re-quest to meet in person, as I plan to be in Washington the week after Thanksgiving. I hope you have time to meet with me. Thank you for considering. On behalf of the coalition Jobs for Min-nesotans, which represents business, labor and communities across the state, I am writ-ing in strong support of H.R. 3905, the Min-nesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act, known as the MINER Act. This bipartisan legislation sponsored by Congressman Tom Emmer (MN–6th) and co- sponsored by Congressmen Collin Peterson (MN–7th), Jason Lewis (MN–2nd) and Paul Gosar (AZ–4th) seeks to ensure the proper consideration of future job growth and eco-nomic opportunity in northeastern Min-nesota by requiring congressional approval 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.061 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9507 November 29, 2017 
of any mineral withdrawal or monument des-ignation involving the National Forest Sys-tem lands in the state. It also provides for the renewal of certain mineral leases and en-suring that future leases in northeastern Minnesota remain valid and renewed as out-lined by current law. H.R. 3905 is currently before the House Rules Committee and is ex-pected to reach the House floor in coming weeks. H.R. 3905 leaves intact existing environ-mental review processes and standards and restates Congress’ prohibition of any mining activity in the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness (BWCAW) and surrounding pro-tective buffer. As such, it reaffirms long- standing Congressional intent in manage-ment and development of critical minerals in Minnesota and cuts bureaucratic delays in assessing responsible mine project proposals. Unfortunately, federal agency actions in December 2016 jeopardized the economic fu-ture of the region by canceling valid, long- standing federal mineral leases and with-drawing 235,000 acres of federal land in the region from future mining development. This was contrary to the previous directives by Congress in 1950 and again in 1978. In 1950 Congress made land available for mineral ex-ploration and development within the Supe-rior National Forest (SNF) within the Iron Range region. In 1978, while Congress prohib-ited mining within the BWCAW and an adja-cent protective buffer zone, it also re-affirmed that mining should be allowed and promoted in the remaining area of the SNF. The agency actions in 2016 would block the potential creation of thousands of jobs, bil-lions of dollars in economic growth, and bil-lions more in revenues for Minnesota’s pub-lic schools through mineral development on state school trust lands. H.R. 3905 aims to correct these injustices, which is why we strongly urge you to cast your vote in support of it. Thank you very much. Sincerely, N
ANCY NORR, Board Chair, Jobs for Minnesotans. 
MINNESOTA PIPE T
RADES ASSOCIATION , November 28, 2017. H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of more than 9500 men and women working in various piping related industries throughout the state of Minnesota, I am writing to express our support of H.R. 3905, Minnesota’s Eco-nomic Rights (MINER) in the Superior Na-tional Forest Act. On January 5, 2017, the previous adminis-tration proposed a 234, 328-acre federal min-eral withdrawal of National Forest System lands, for a 20-year term, within the Rainy River Watershed in the Superior National Forest. The action immediately placed this area off limits to development for up to two years while the withdrawal is considered. The total withdrawal application boundary spans 425,000 acres, including 95,000 acres of state school trust fund lands. With this policy in place, Minnesotans lost their mineral rights. Unable to utilize these natural resources, 17,000 jobs are at risk and roughly $2.5 billion of economic activity is jeopardized. Many members of the Minnesota Pipe Trades Association are depending on these jobs. The Minnesota Pipe Trades Association (MPTA) fully supports the thorough regu-latory process in place in the State of Min-nesota. It is our belief this process is ade-quate in determining whether a project should move forward. or not. As a result, MPTA is in support of H.R. 3905, Minnesota’s Economic Rights (MINER) in the Superior National Forest Act, and urge the immediate passage of this bi-par-tisan legislation. Sincerely, DAVID M. Y BARRA II, President, Minnesota Pipe Trades Association. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLISON ). Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, one of the things that I am most proud of is being from Minnesota. What a beau-tiful State that we have. People joke about how cold it is in the wintertime, but let me tell you, Minnesota is awe-some all year round. One of the things that we are so proud of is the Boundary Waters. Mr. Speaker, look at this picture. This is no glossed-up photo. This is what it looks like. It is awesome. Back before I was in Congress, I was able to bring young people to the Boundary Waters who were court-in-volved. Mr. Speaker, one day a judge asked me: Hey, Ellison, come up here. You want to take some kids to the Boundary Waters? I said: Fine. I kept doing it for 5 years straight because I loved the place. Yet this bill will perhaps damage all that, all that beauty, that gem of our State, which not only is a beautiful place that needs to be preserved for people, but also is a job-generator. A lot of people earn good livings because of the Boundary Waters, and if we just do this, pass this bill, what it will do is jeopardize their livelihood and our crown jewel of our State. This bill will grant a mining com-pany the right to build sulfide-ore cop-per mines along rivers and lakes that flow directly into the Boundary Waters. Sulfide-ore copper mining has never been done without polluting water, and thousands of communities and wildlife will be at risk. When you mine sulfide ore, water and air interact to create sulfuric acid. One leak or spill would contaminate sub-stantial portions of the Boundary Waters, decimating wildlife and habi-tat, and destroying the livelihoods of so many Minnesota workers. The Boundary Waters, the waters of the Boundary Waters, are especially vulnerable to acid mine drainage be-cause they lack a buffering capacity. This bill is a bad idea, and I urge Members to vote ‘‘no.’’ This bill will undermine core environmental laws, including the Antiquities Act, the Fed-eral Land Policy and Management Act, and the National Environmental Policy Act. The Antiquities Act is a bipartisan conservation law to protect irreplace-able Federal lands, including in the Grand Canyon, Acadia Forest, Zion, Muir Woods in California, and the Olympic National Parks. If they under-mine the Antiquities Act, what else is in danger? Well, I would say every na-tional treasure of the United States. This attack on the Antiquities Act is an attack against our national parks and monuments, making this not only a Minnesota issue, but a national issue. This bill would permanently lock in all mineral leases on Minnesota’s na-tional forests by overriding two laws on mineral leasing in Minnesota’s na-tional forests that require Forest Serv-ice consent to any mining. They don’t want to go around the regular process. They want to use Congress to short-cir-cuit that process. If you have never been to the Bound-ary Waters, as I said, I urge you to go there. If you vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill, you will not just be protecting the Bound-ary Waters for yourself and people around all over the United States, you will be protecting it for your grand-children. Much is said here about children and grandchildren. Think about the Bound-ary Waters when you think about the legacy that we are leaving our grand-children and how H.R. 3905 would de-stroy and jeopardize that legacy. Economic analysis by Key-Log Eco-nomics shows that sulfide-ore mining on the Superior National Forest lands and the watershed of the Boundary Waters could lead to a loss of 5,000 jobs in tourism, 5,000 to 20,000 jobs in the rest of the economy. b1600 As people tout this bill as a job cre-ator, it is a job destroyer. I would tell you that, if you are an outfitter or you are a wilderness guide or you are a for-est ranger, your job is just as impor-tant as anybody else’s. What this bill is saying is, no, your job is no good. No-body cares about it. Only the mine companies’ interests are important. We could stand to lose $1.6 billion in annual income and $500 million in re-duction in private property values be-cause of this piece of legislation. We shouldn’t have to choose between a robust economy and a clean environ-ment. We can and must have both. Say-ing ‘‘no’’ to this piece of legislation gives us a chance at both. Voting for it makes us pick one over the other, and not just economic interests, but cer-tain interests—not everyone’s. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the extra time. Mr. Speaker, the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management are studying this issue, but the author doesn’t want to wait for the study be-cause he knows the study is not going to help. They just want to drive this mine straight through without doing the proper care. More than 126,000 Americans partici-pated in the study and asked for pro-tection of the Boundary Waters. Min-nesota voters oppose copper mining near the Boundary Waters by more than 2 to 1, and 79 percent support the current study. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.029 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9508 November 29, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this. This is a bad bill. It is not good legislation, and the damage it will do is not Republican nor is it Democratic. It is American. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Min-nesota (Mr. E
MMER ), the originator of this bill. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the additional time, and I recognize my esteemed colleague, the Representative from Minnesota, for his love of the Boundary Waters that we both share. Mr. Speaker, I want to address the Representative from California first on the claim that H.R. 3905 solely benefits a foreign mining company. I think you should ask the people of our State. You should ask a gentleman by the name of Dan Forsman, who, as a Minnesotan, has a family heritage of benefiting by mining in our State. He was recently ridiculed by environ-mentalists in The New York Times be-cause, while he loves the place where he lives, he also wants to make a living in the place where he lives. There are several other companies exploring the area. Teck has nonferrous mineral hold-ings within the proposed withdrawal, the potential development of which would be greatly impacted by the with-drawal. Encampment Minerals, Inc., also has a nonferrous mineral holding within the withdrawal area and is awaiting Federal agency action on a submitted preference right lease application. Future expansion of the Northshore Mining taconite mine could extend into the withdrawal area and, thus, be impacted by the withdrawal. PolyMet has invested hundreds of millions on projects that will be nega-tively impacted by the proposed min-eral withdrawal, one of which we voted on here last night. Further, the withdrawal proposal will seriously hinder the State’s ability to seek mineral development of more than 90,000 acres of State school trust fund lands within the withdrawal area. Twin Metals is a Minnesota company and has been part of the northeastern Minnesota community for 10 years. The company has invested more than $400 million in project development activi-ties, investing in new facilities in the city of Ely, providing local employ-ment opportunities and supporting hundreds of local jobs in the construc-tion, consulting, and contracting sec-tors. By the way, they also support all the outfitters, the wonderful businesses of tourism. Twin Metals has also con-tributed more than $320,000 to local philanthropic needs and organizations. Mr. Speaker, I would add that noth-ing in this bill alters any current envi-ronmental law or protection. The An-tiquities Act, the Federal Land Policy and Management Act, NEPA, and all the other laws still apply to Minnesota. At the end of the day, we are pro-tecting the Boundary Waters, we are protecting the Superior National For-est, and we believe both the economy and tourism, the environment, can co-exist in northern Minnesota. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from California has 91⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, we have heard a lot about jobs. Jobs, this is going to be great job creator, this mine. I just want to highlight, though, some of the very inaccurate numbers that have been tossed around today. The sponsor of the bill earlier today said that 10,000 jobs would be created. The majority’s legislative analysis says that the bill will create 17,000 jobs, but that is not correct. That is not correct. Even the company behind the project doesn’t claim that many jobs. In their May 2017 fact sheet, and this is the fact sheet for Twin Metals of Minnesota, they report that once oper-ational, they will directly employ 650 people and ‘‘will create an estimated 1,300 spinoff jobs in other industries.’’ That is 1,950 jobs. That is good, but that is a long way and a far cry from 10,000 or 17,000 jobs. Let’s also look at the down side. An economic study of the tourism indus-try in the region has shown that put-ting in a copper mine could result in the loss of nearly 5,000 direct jobs and up to 22,000 indirect jobs. That is a terrible tradeoff, and that means that this mine is potentially a net job destroyer, not a creator. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to protect jobs and to oppose H.R. 3905. Mr. Speaker, I would like to make sure that my friends on the other side are aware of a simple fact, and that fact is very important in this debate: water flows downhill. They make a big deal about the fact that no mining would take place in the Boundary Waters, but how happy would you be if someone dumped millions of gallons of toxic waste just uphill from your home and said not to worry be-cause they didn’t dump anything in your house? These leases that we are talking about are right on the border of the Boundary Waters wilderness area. Take a look at this map. These red parts are the leases we are talking about. There is no gap. There is no buffer. Any acid mine waste from these leases will flow right into the Boundary Waters. There is no protection in this bill for the Boundary Waters. There is only ter-rible risk. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to remind every-body I am wearing a copper tie, and that is because I come from Arizona. We are known as the 5 Cs: for the cot-ton, for the climate, for the cattle, for the citrus, and for copper. It is a crit-ical mineral. We have seen these displays here in the well this morning, diverting the public’s attention about what truly is actually here. This is actually a cite to explain to people exactly the clear definition. Let’s look at this. What you see in red and yellow, just like a light that you see red, stop; yel-low, caution; green, go, the red is the Boundary Waters. The red is the Boundary Waters: no mining, no min-ing whatsoever. The yellow is a buffer. By the way, the only place in the United States in which a monument is surrounded by a buffer: no, don’t pro-ceed. They confused you with that map. This is where we are talking about, down in here, in the green area. It is not the Boundary Waters. The pictures you saw that were in the well so elo-quently shown to us were of the Bound-ary Waters, not where the mining is going to take place. Let’s dispel the rumors. Let’s get back down to facts. Red, no mining; yellow, no mining; green, okay. But that is following rules. That is following all rules. Once again, just to remind folks back home that are watching, the red is the Boundary Waters. There is no mining in the Boundary Waters. The pictures you saw in the well are of the Bound-ary Waters. No mining occurs in the Boundary Waters. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to high-light the overwhelming local opposi-tion to a copper-sulfide mine right next to the Boundary Waters. A poll done earlier this year found that 59 percent of Minnesotans oppose copper-sulfide mining near the Bound-ary Waters. Seventy-nine percent sup-port the existing 2-year study that the Forest Service is doing on this type of mining. Included in that 79 percent, 67 percent of Republicans support the ex-isting 2-year study that the Forest Service is doing. We are not talking about a bunch of antimining activists. This is not them. The same poll found that, overall, Minnesotans support copper-sulfide mining in the State 43 percent to 33 percent. The people in the State of Minnesota know that there are right places to have these kinds of mines and there are wrong places to have these kinds of mines. The Boundary Waters are the wrong place. The people of Min-nesota know it, the Forest Service knows it, and I hope that the Congress realizes it and knows it, too. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the charge is Minneso-tans strongly oppose mining near the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.064 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9509 November 29, 2017 
Boundary Waters, so let’s go back, re-mind everybody back at home about the red. We are not talking about the red or the yellow in the previous docu-ment. Let’s go through what we see. Minnesota’s Democratic Governor was for mining in the area before he was against it. Several polls over the years consistently show strong support for copper-nickel mining in general and for allowing companies to explore and propose projects. In November of 2016, a poll of 400 reg-istered voters in the Eighth Congres-sional District found, among other re-sults, by greater than a 3 to 1 margin, survey respondents support environ-mentally responsible mining in the re-gion. By greater than 2-to-1 margins, re-spondents support the building of a new copper-nickel mine and believe copper-nickel mining can be done in an environmentally responsible way. They demand that. More than 60 percent sup-port an underground copper-nickel project, the Twin Metals mine. In October 2013, a poll of more than 600 registered Minnesota voters state-wide found, among other results, a ma-jority of voters, 56 percent, favor ex-panding Minnesota’s mining industry. A plurality of voters, 48 percent, sup-port expanding the nickel-copper min-ing industry in the State. All mayors, State legislators, the county commissioners that represent the Iron Range region, and the area proposed for the withdrawal are pro- mining advocates. Fifty-three bipar-tisan State legislators, including lead-ership of both parties, have endorsed the bill and support the passage. Why is that? These aren’t just your average jobs. They don’t pay service wages of $20,000. These are $100,000 plus and, addition-ally, have benefits. Those are jobs that Americans sink their teeth into. That is what built America. Stay tuned. I am going to show you some other photos of how they really look at mining. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. M
CCOLLUM ). b1615 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I brought this poster to the floor earlier. I bring it again up here. This is the proposed area in which the Twin Met-als mine has been looking at doing the sulfide-copper ore mining, which, as I pointed out, 92 percent of the mines have polluted water quality. All of them have had leakage or seepage. This is the Boundary Waters Canoe Area up here. We keep hearing about how it is just adjacent. Mr. Speaker, this is an underground corridor, and this is an underground corridor. This is a deposit. This is where all of the mining activity would take place. Mr. Speaker, I don’t see how open water creates a physical boundary to stop pollution. The pollution will go up north of the Laurentian Divide, and it will seep and go into the Boundary Waters Canoe Area, 1,000 lakes, rivers, and streams. This is mining adjacent to a wilderness that will become for-ever polluted if this mine is to be built. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. This bill alters no current environ-mental laws or protections. Mining companies will still have to comply with the Clean Water Act, Clean Air Act, NEPA, and all State and Federal laws. In fact, the local communities—ev-erybody wants clean water. These peo-ple actually live in the area. These local communities actually want min-ing in Minnesota. It results in cleaner water. This is actually a viewpoint of an actual mine site. This is a long time ago. This is a pit. What ends up hap-pening is, they are very proud, because Minnesota is proud of their water. This picture is before, and this is after. Can you imagine local munici-palities and towns lining up for this water? This is the cleanest water in Minnesota. This is how they will actu-ally reclaim the water. This isn’t me. These are the people from the area who gave us these photos. And if you want to see an in-depth video, go to YouTube and look up the video that the people back in this region put together. This actually shows you, this is clean water. This is where you have pristine fish-eries. They line up for this water. There are no environmental hazards. Minnesota’s mining industry has been proud of what they have actually built. Once again, before and after, it is an inconceivable difference. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume, and I would like the chairman to answer a question. That pit that the gentleman just showed us, is that a taconite pit or is that a sulfide pit in Minnesota? Mr. GOSAR. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. LOWENTHAL. I yield to the gen-tleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. That is a taconite pit. Mr. LOWENTHAL. We are not talk-ing about taconite. We are talking about sulfide. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, if the gen-tleman is talking about this whole as-pect, the gentleman is right, but it is about all mining. This isn’t just about copper mining. This is about taconite and all other mining. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, re-claiming my time, I would like to talk about that because of what type of mine this is. As has been pointed out, northern Minnesota has had a long his-tory of mining, but the mine that we are talking about here is not like any other mine in the State. This is a cop-per-sulfide mine. These types of mines are notorious for generating acid mine drainage. As the Forest Service puts it: These mines are known worldwide for pro-ducing acid mine drainage that re-quires continuous management and perpetual water treatment. Even in the absence of a major spill, having this acidic waste chronically leaking into the environment will cre-ate a problem that will last for genera-tions and may never be fixed. A study of 14 similar copper mines found that all but one had significant water quality impacts due to failures of the water collection and treatment systems from keeping the contamina-tion from seeping out. As was pointed out by the opposition, the majority, most of these mines are in dry areas of the American South-west where there is far less water that needs to be treated than in a very wet environment like northern Minnesota. The Forest Service also describes the specific threat that the Boundary Waters are under. They point out that there is ‘‘a direct flow of water from these leases to the Boundary Waters, and that there is a high likelihood of acid mine drainage from these ores, and that the drainage from the mine is likely to be highly acidic.’’ Mr. Speaker, once the problem starts, it is nearly impossible to make it stop. This is a perfect storm for de-stroying the Boundary Waters, and it is not worth the risk. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I would like to ask a question of the gentleman from California. Can the gentleman give me an example of a mine that he actually supports? Mr. LOWENTHAL. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. GOSAR. I yield to the gentleman from California. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I am here to say that there are many mines in the State of Minnesota that I do support, that are ecologically—that are protected, but this is a different mine. We are only talking about one type of mine. Mr. GOSAR. Reclaiming my time, once again, the gentleman can’t iden-tify a single mine that is permissible to the opposition. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from California has 1 minute remaining. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I think that we have made a very strong case that economically this does not make sense. It could potentially de-stroy the tourist industry. What makes Minnesota unique is the wilderness areas, the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness. There is a tremendous risk because there has never been this type of mining in Minnesota before. As was pointed out by the Forest Service, there is a very high risk of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.065 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9510 November 29, 2017 
acidic discharge, and that the mine will drain into the Boundary Waters. This is the wrong project at this time, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. We have heard some other charges that H.R. 3905 changes five Federal laws for Minnesota’s national forests. This bill alters no current environ-mental laws or protections. The Fed-eral Land Policy and Management Act, NEPA, and all other environmental laws still apply to Minnesota. Let’s go through this history. In 1950, Congress took action to make land available for mineral exploration and development within the Superior Na-tional Forest. Congress did. Then again, in 1978, Congress passed the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilder-ness Act, a compromise that prohibited mining within the 1.1 million acre Boundary Waters; once again, the red area and the yellow. No mining. But again, it specifically authorized mining in the Superior National For-est, the green. Once again, red, no; yel-low, no; green, go. But that is fulfilling all current legislative and environ-mental laws. The General Mining Act of 1872 that we heard about earlier governs most mining on Federal lands. However, in this case, it does not. It is the Weeks Act that controls projects in this area because they are located on acquired National Forest mineral leases on these lands. There are no indefinite agreements. They typically retain a nondiscretionary right—nondis-cretionary right, once again—to renew every 20 years. The two leases for the mineral deposit in question began in 1966, were renewed in 1989, and again in 2004, without controversy. The MINER Act halts last-minute po-litical mineral withdrawals by requir-ing congressional approval. Once again, the magical words are ‘‘congressional approval.’’ The return to federalism— amazing—renews those two mining leases that were denied for political reasons under the same terms they were renewed twice previously and en-sures any future mining projects will have to satisfy all existing environ-mental permitting requirements, in-cluding NEPA. These people demand that they do it in a righteous way. There is no digging right now. These are proposed. The Minnesotans whom I came up to visit, they happily shared their history and their area with me. They want it done right because they have to live with the consequences; not somebody who comes from Twin Cities once in a blue moon. Once again, let’s go back. This is the Boundary Waters. This is what you have heard misrepresented all the way around. There is no mining going on in the Boundary Waters. There is no min-ing going on in the buffer area. Once again, no other buffer exists around a national monument except this. This is hallowed ground. Green, go. Now, it is also very unfortunate that we hear rumors going around from Members of Congress that the Depart-ment of the Interior actually is against this. That rumor is far from the truth. We just received an email from the Secretary of the Interior that they are not opposed to this bill. I include in the R
ECORD a list of over 150 groups, individuals, and community leaders who now want to be on record as supporting the lawful aspects of re-turning this back to the folks in Min-nesota for mining. 
ENDORSEMENTS OF H.R. 3905 53 bipartisan state legislators (including leadership of both parties); AFL–CIO Inter-national Association of Bridge, Structural, Ornamental, and Reinforcing Iron Workers Local Union 512; Agribusiness & Water Coun-cil of Arizona; ALLETE; American Explo-ration & Mining Association; Americans for Limited Government; Apache County (Ari-zona); Apache Sun Golf Club; APEX; Arizona Association of Conservation Districts; Ari-zona Cattle Feeders Association; Arizona Golf Association; Arizona Pork Council; Ari-zona Liberty; Arizona State Rep. Bob Thorpe; Associated General Contractors of Minnesota; AZ BASS Nation; AZ Deer Asso-ciation; The Bass Federation; Better in our Back Yard; Cactus and Pine Golf Super-intendents Association supports H.R. 3905; City of Ely. Colorado Mining Association; Competitive Enterprise Institute; Concerned Citizens for America (Arizona); Conservatives for Prop-erty Rights; Dena Cordova Jack, Executive Vice President, Mountain States Lumber and Building Material Dealers Association; Glob-al Minerals Engineering LLC; Golden Vertex Corporation; Grand Rapids Area Chamber of Commerce; Hibbing Area Chamber of Com-merce; International Brotherhood of Elec-trical Workers Local Union 31; International Union of Operating Engineers, Local 49; The Jamar Company; Jefferson County Commis-sioner Donald Rosier, P.E.; Jobs for Minneso-tans; Laborers District Council of MN & ND; Laborers International Union of North America; Laurentian Chamber of Commerce; Minnesota Building and Construction Trades Council; Minnesota Chamber of Commerce; MiningMinnesota; Minnesota Pipe Trades Association. Minnesota Power; Minnesota State Rep. Josh Heintzeman; Montana Mining Associa-tion; National Mining Association; National Stone, Sand & Gravel Association; New Mex-ico Cattle Growers’ Association; New Mexico Federal Lands Council; New Mexico Wool Growers, Inc.; North America’s Building Trade Unions; Plumbers and Pipefitters Local 589; Range Association of Municipali-ties and Schools; Scott W. Yates, President, Denver Lumber Co.; Shake Rattle & Troll Outdoors; Sulphur Springs Valley Electric Cooperative; Twin Metals Minnesota; United Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners of America; Water Resource Institute; Women’s Mining Coalition; Yavapai County Cattle Growers; Yavapai County Supervisor Board Chairman Thomas Thurman; Yuma County (AZ) Chamber of Commerce. O
THER GROUPS SUPPORTIVE OF ISSUES  A
DDRESSED BY THE BILL 62 bipartisan state legislators (including leadership of both parties); Chair of the MN Permanent School Fund Commission; Da-kota County Regional Chamber of Com-merce; Dale Lueck, Chair of the Minnesota Legislative Permanent School Fund Com-mission; Duluth Chamber of Commerce; Fairmont Chamber of Commerce; Fergus Falls Chamber of Commerce; Greater North Dakota Chamber of Commerce; Iron Mining Association of Minnesota; Laborers District Council of MN & ND; Lake County Board of Commissioners; Metro North Chamber of Commerce; Minnesota Association of School Administrators—Region 7; Minnesota Cham-ber of Commerce; North Central States Re-gional Council of Carpenters; Owatonna Chamber of Commerce; Rochester Chamber of Commerce; St. Louis County Board of Commissioners; Twin West Chamber of Com-merce; Up North Jobs; Western Mesabi Mine Planning Board; Willmar Chamber of Com-merce. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Arizona has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, what tran-spired here was a travesty. As I out-lined, historically, Congress dictated twice in a usual fashion this green area for go. They designed the Boundary Waters and a buffer area for protection. Once again, no Boundary Waters— you are being misled—no Boundary Waters are having mining. This is as clear as it gets. What ended up hap-pening was in an illegal action by the President last year, or earlier this year, he wiped this away. This doesn’t wipe away any environ-mental laws. What it does is, it returns it to the way it was. The way that it should be; the way that Congress dic-tated. Federalism, a return to the peo-ple in that State. Mr. Speaker, I ask everybody to vote for this bill and support this bill. I also ask everybody to go to a video that has been produced by the people in this iron-ore range to see exactly how the people of that area of Minnesota actu-ally feel about it. It is magnificent. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate on the bill has expired. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . GRIJALVA  
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 2, line 19, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 2, line 22, strike the period at the end and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 2, after line 22, insert the following new subparagraph: (C) shall have a royalty rate of not less than 16.66 percent. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 631, the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ) and a Member opposed each will con-trol 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, the American people are getting ripped off in this bill. The Chilean mining con-glomerate behind this bill makes out like a bandit. They get two expired leases back, as well as exemptions from several key environmental laws that could be used 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.067 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9511 November 29, 2017 
to stop any of their dreams of massive profits from a giant copper mine. The American people are the ones that are getting ripped off. This land is being given away for next to nothing. For the past 50 years, the leaseholder has been paying rent of $1 an acre per year. Think about that, $1 an acre per year, unchanged for 50 years. The American people are the landlords here. They are charging the Chilean company about $420 per month for 5,000 acres of prime land right next to the most visited wilderness area in the country. b1630 I can only imagine how many hard-working Americans would desperately love to be guaranteed having only to pay $420 a month for their homes for as long as they want, particularly if their home was over 2 million square feet, as these leases are. But we are not talking about some-one building a house here. We are talk-ing about a giant, destructive copper- sulfide mine that threatens one of the greatest unspoiled natural spaces in the country, the Boundary Waters Wil-derness. Don’t be fooled by the claims that the Boundary Waters are pro-tected in this bill. They are not even remotely protected. Copper-sulfide mining results in acid mine drainage, the same kind of pollu-tion that comes from abandoned coal mines and has destroyed thousands of miles of streams and rivers throughout Appalachia. Acid mine drainage from these leases would flow into the Bound-ary Waters into a neighboring Cana-dian wilderness and into Voyageurs Na-tional Park. This would permanently impact millions of acres of lakes, riv-ers, fish and wildlife habitat, and risk the entire tourism and recreation econ-omy of the region. The majority says it is all worth it because of all the money that will flow into the State’s coffers and be used for education. Give me a break. The only education benefit from this legislation would be children learning the chem-istry of how acidic water flows out of mines, the biology of dead fish, and the economics of a shattered tourism and recreation industry. But if the majority is truly con-cerned about the amount of money that a destroyed wilderness can bring to the State, they should be embar-rassed by the sweetheart deals in these leases: $1 per acre per year and a roy-alty of 4
1⁄2percent on production. These numbers are absurd. These rock- bottom prices effectively subsidize a foreign company to mine on public lands right next to an irreplaceable wilderness. My amendment would make sure that the company would pay a royalty rate of just over 60 percent because that is the same rate that Senator M
URKOWSKI has determined that com-panies should pay for oil that would come from the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. If that is the cost of destroyed wilderness in the Arctic, then it should be no cheaper to destroy wilderness in Minnesota. With the extra billions of dollars the State receives from the more reason-able royalty rate, perhaps they could fund education and also help all the owners and employees of tourism and recreation companies that would be put out of business by a giant copper mine. To be clear, I will not support H.R. 3905 even if this amendment is adopted. But Members should be given the op-portunity to demonstrate that they don’t believe that a foreign mining company should be allowed to get pub-lic land and public resources at rock- bottom rates and out in the West for free. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the taxpayers, support my amendment, and oppose the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, in July, the Subcommittee on Energy and Min-eral Resources heard all about how royalties, if ill-constructed, serve only to disincentivize investment in self- sufficiency and increase our reliance on imported critical minerals. This amendment is a hallmark exam-ple of such a poorly designed royalty. This amendment doesn’t specify what the royalty will be applied to, when in the mining process it will be assessed, and it doesn’t even have a cap, for that matter. This amendment is just a thin-ly veiled means to prevent this impor-tant mining project from getting off the ground. The author actually stated that in his comments. Mr. Speaker, I oppose this amend-ment. I ask all Members to vote against it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me just close by say-ing that this precedent being set here with H.R. 3905 is a precedent that I think every Member of Congress needs to consider. The backdrop is a mining law of 1872 that has not been changed one iota since then that basically provides the public resources, the extraction of our public lands for free to any company and more prevalent now are foreign mining companies. No return to the taxpayer and no consequences consid-ered on the environmental damage that these mines have caused, the aban-doned mines that haven’t been cleaned up. This is a backdrop to a deeper and more serious problem that this Con-gress has to grapple with, which is the mining law of 1872, and on this piece of legislation a precedent that establishes a template that can be destructive for the future and cut the public and the processes out that involve the public and safeguard the environment at the same time. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendment, a ‘‘no’’ vote on the un-derlying legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, once again, we may want to go back to misinformation. This does not pertain to the Mining Act of 1872. In fact, this is under the Weeks Act, which controls projects in this area because they are located on acquired natural forest land. Mineral leases on these lands, though not in-definite agreements, typically retain nondiscretionary right for renewal every 20 years. The two leases for mineral deposits in question began in 1966, were renewed in 1989, and again in 2004 without con-troversy. I would also like to take the oppor-tunity to go through a number of groups that actually are against this amendment and endorse the bill. Fifty-three bipartisan State legisla-tors from the State of Minnesota are for this bill: ‘‘As elected leaders of the Minnesota Legislature, we are writing in strong support of H.R. 3905. This leg-islation supports jobs, economic devel-opment and industry in northeast Min-nesota, and will reverse an onerous, overreaching, and politically moti-vated decision by the Obama adminis-tration. H.R. 3905 has bipartisan sup-port, and it is our sincere hope that it will become law for the well-being of our State and its citizens.’’ A second one from the Range Asso-ciation of Municipalities and Schools: The results of the withdrawal and a poten-tial 20-year moratorium would have a dev-astating impact on the financial support for our statewide public school system and fu-ture generations of Iron Rangers who would be employed in any future mining develop-ments. It has been estimated that within 20 years of mining for precious metals, our Per-manent School Trust Fund would reap near-ly $3 billion in royalties if allowed to go for-ward. The Miner Act does not infringe or re-strict these very strenuous and stringent en-vironmental review processes, and we em-phasize there will be no mining in the Boundary Waters or the buffer zone specifi-cally surrounding the Boundary Waters. 
Let’s go to the next one from the American Exploration & Mining Asso-ciation: ‘‘H.R. 3905 will eliminate delays, return to good stewardship of fair process and restore the oppor-tunity to explore strategic metals crit-ical to our economy and national secu-rity in one of the richest mineral de-posits in the Nation. . . . The emerging mining industry is an investment in the future well-being of our State and Nation; without this legislation, that future is at risk.’’ Here is another one from the Com-petitive Enterprise Institute: ‘‘The bi-partisan H.R. 3905 is a welcome reasser-tion of congressional authority over public lands. Article 4 of the Constitu-tion vests Congress—not the Presi-dent—with plenary power over public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.070 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9512 November 29, 2017 
lands. Members on both sides of the aisle should take umbrage at President Obama’s lameduck machinations to withdraw from the multiple-use frame-work more than 230,000 acres of public lands in Minnesota—with the mere stroke of a pen. By treating public lands regulation as a means to build a Presidential legacy through midnight regulation, the previous administra-tion flouted the spirit of participatory and inclusive lands-use statutes as de-signed by Congress. Lawmakers should correct the course by passing the excel-lent H.R. 3905.’’ Finally, the Associated General Con-tractors of Minnesota: 
H.R. 3905 changes no environmental review processes, relaxes no environmental stand-ards, and specifically restates Congress’ pro-hibition on any mining activity in the Boundary Waters and surrounding protective buffer areas. H.R. 3905 would reaffirm long-standing congressional intent that actually espouses that this area be designated for mining and timber sales. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask everybody to vote against this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ). Pursuant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended, and on the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ). Pursuant to clause 1(c) of rule XIX, further consideration of H.R. 3905 is postponed. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 1892. An act to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. 
The message also announced that pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 100–458, section 114(b)(2)(c), the Chair, on behalf of the Majority Lead-er, announces the appointment of the following individual to serve as a mem-ber of the Board of Trustees of the John C. Stennis for Public Service Training and Development for a six- year term: The Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ). The message also announced that pursuant to the provision of section 1151 of title 2, United States Code, as amended, the Chair, on behalf of the President pro tempore, reappoints the following individual to the Board of Trustees of the Open World Leadership Center: The Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ). The message also announced that pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 115–77, the Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, appoints the fol-lowing individuals to the Frederick Douglas Bicentennial Commission: The Senator from Maryland (Mr. VAN H
OLLEN ). Dr. David Anderson of New York. 
f 
CONGRATULATING L ATOYA CANTRELL, THE MAYOR-ELECT OF NEW ORLEANS (Mr. RICHMOND asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with extreme joy and excite-ment. My hometown, which is New Or-leans, a part of my congressional dis-trict, next year, will celebrate our 300th anniversary. Over the years, we were under French control, we were under Spanish control, we were back under French control, and then we had the Louisiana Purchase. But as we walk into our 300th year, we have an elected—and we will be under the con-trol of—female mayor for the first time in New Orleans history. That female is LaToya Cantrell. She is a community activist and she is very focused on the future. I just want to congratulate LaToya on being elected to be the mayor of the city of New Orleans, and just to assure the people of New Orleans that we are going to go forward in our 300th year together and continue to improve the greatest city in the world, and that is New Orleans, Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I, once again, congratu-late LaToya Cantrell on her election to be mayor of the city of New Orleans. 
f 
MOURNING THE LOSS OF DEPART-MENT OF PUBLIC SAFETY TROOPER DAMON ALLEN (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as Americans gathered around their Thanksgiving tables, joined hands with their families, and gave thanks for their blessings, a Texas Highway Pa-trol trooper was murdered. While returning to his patrol car dur-ing a routine traffic stop, Trooper Damon Allen was shot in the back by a dastardly criminal, the driver of that vehicle. Trooper Allen was working alone, as most troopers in Texas do. The multiple shots killed Trooper Allen. The crook had illegally procured a weapon in Trooper Allen’s homicide. The criminal, like most do, quickly fled the scene, leading Texas Rangers and other law enforcement on a chase across Texas, but he was finally appre-hended. Mr. Speaker, this wasn’t the first time that the criminal had targeted our men and women in uniform. A slew of previous convictions are on his rap sheet, including drug possession, evad-ing arrest, and violence toward law en-forcement. The killer is now where he belongs: in the jailhouse. The bandit will face Texas justice. Texas Department of Public Safety Officer Allen was a devoted husband, a father of three, and a 15-year member of Texas law enforcement. He served with courage, placing the badge—the star—over his heart and reporting for duty every day. We pray for Trooper Allen and his family. Trooper Allen, like all peace of-ficers, placed his life between us and the lawless. We should remember him and thank God that such men have lived. And that is just the way it is. f 
THE TAX REFORM BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. R
YAN) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate the opportunity to be here for a Special Order. The issues of the day in Washington, D.C., are many. To-night I would like to choose to talk about what is happening with the tax reform bill that is coming before the United States Senate. We are hearing rumors that it will be here this week, maybe a possible vote on Friday. It is important for us, as we look at the first tax reform bill in 31 years, to understand that we do need changes to our Tax Code, that the Tax Code has become too complicated and too com-plex. It needs to be simplified. The Tax Code has become burdensome to small and medium-sized businesses. It is not always the most cooperative Tax Code for entrepreneurship or innovation. It lacks incentives for helping us in cer-tain sectors of the economy to help us grow. b1645 But the most staggering problem in the Tax Code today is that it has direct and substantial benefits for the wealthiest people in the country. I am of the mindset that we need to have a Tax Code, an economy, and pub-lic policies that are going to allow the free enterprise system to work effi-ciently, that will allow for growth, es-pecially in communities that have been distressed for many decades and are looking for the private sector to come in and hire our workers. It is very im-portant. Like most issues in the United States, like most issues that we face here in Congress, we have to look at these issues in the context of what is happening in the free market and what is happening in the rest of the econ-omy. So it is important for us to know that over the last 30 years, since the last time we have done tax reform, we have had a lot of growth in the coun-try. Globalization and automation has led to enormous amounts of wealth being created, and that wealth has got-ten concentrated. It has gotten con-centrated into a small group of people in the country and it has gotten con-centrated in certain areas of the coun-try. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.072 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9513 November 29, 2017 
Over the last 30 years, we have seen 96 percent of income growth in the United States has gone to the top 10 percent of the people in the country, the wealthiest 10 percent of the people. That is a fact. Ninety-six percent of in-come growth has gone to the top 10 percent. For the majority of Americans, we have seen wages that are stagnant. We have seen pensions that have collapsed. We have people who go from making $30 or $40 an hour down to $15, $10, or $12 an hour. So the great middle class of the United States has seen its wealth go up to the top 10 percent of the wealthiest families in the country. That is a fact. We have seen now that the top 1 per-cent of the people in the country own 90 percent of the wealth in the United States. The ultimate statistic shows where most Americans are. It is the one that tells us that 63 percent of Americans families could not with-stand a $500 emergency. Now, think about that. Sixty-three percent of American families can’t withstand a $500 emergency. We have had this huge wealth creation over the last 30 years that has gone primarily to the top 10 percent. Now we come back to the idea that we are going to reform the Tax Code. We look at charts like this. This is corporate profits after tax, going back to 1950. We see that, as globalization took hold and we started moving in that direction in the seventies and into the eighties and up into the nineties and then into the 2000s, corporate prof-its go up. In 2001 and 2003, we implemented a new round of supply-side economics, per George W. Bush. He cut taxes for the wealthy. They will take that money and reinvest it back into the United States, drive up wages, hire people, and we will get growth. That was the philosophy. Well, what we saw happen is a huge increase in corporate profits from that moment on until the collapse of the economy in 2009–2010. So the philos-ophy was: We are going to cut taxes for the wealthy and milk the corporations, and the wealthiest families will put that money back into the economy, wages will go up, and we will get growth. We saw huge increases in corporate profits and the slowest decade of growth in our country since the Great Depression. You don’t have to be a Philadelphia lawyer to figure out that what our friends on the other side of the aisle were telling us back then about what the big tax cut to the wealthy was going to do didn’t work. This is what happened. Funny. If you cut taxes for the wealthiest and you help corporations, their profits go up significantly. But growth for average families has been stagnant to the point where, today, 63 percent of families can’t afford a $500 emergency. That is what the Republican Party is now talking about doing again. It was already proven not to work, but let’s not let that stop us. Let’s keep going. So we are now going to see a tax cut that will make permanent a lower cor-porate tax rate. Any benefit at all that may go to the lower classes of people will not be permanent. That will go away. Not only that, but here is the kicker: in order to do this big tax cut, the United States is going to have to bor-row the money because we can’t afford it. We are going to give this huge tax cut to people who are primarily the wealthiest people in the country. We can’t afford it, so we are going to go to China and borrow the money from them and bring it back to the United States and give it to the wealthiest people in our country. Then we are going to pay China back, with interest, the money we borrowed to give to the wealthiest people in the United States, all under the premise that it is going to get the economy going and it is going to lift up wages, when we already tried that and we know it doesn’t work. So what are we doing? Not to mention the fact that the Chi-nese are aggressively plotting slowly the erosion of the United States of America. They are going to take our money that we have already borrowed from them and we are going to borrow more and pay interest on it and they are going to take that money. They are building islands in the South China Sea. They are building is-lands. Yes, islands, in the South China Sea. They are building airports and military bases on the island so they can continue to project out force in the South China Sea. We just borrowed a bunch of money and we are going to pay interest on it so they can go and build more islands. They are making huge investments in cyber. They are making huge invest-ments in submarines, in their navy, and in their military apparatus, fi-nanced primarily by money they lend out to us. So not only do we borrow money and have to pay it back, our bank, China, is going to use the interest that we are paying to fund their war machine. They already moved into Africa, where they are digging out a lot of the min-erals and natural resources that they are using to feed their industrial ma-chine, putting a base in Djibouti, pro-jecting force into Africa. They are going to continue to do that, and the United States is going to go into an extra $2 trillion in debt and continue the concentration of wealth here. China is putting a ton of money into wind and solar. They just announced a few weeks ago that they are going to move to battery-powered cars, renew-able energy. They are putting billions of dollars into things like additive manufacturing. This is our competitor. We are get-ting everything wrong. Everything. At this point, this tax bill is not going to be good for the middle class. It is not going to grow the economy. It is going to put us $2.3 trillion in debt and it is going to feed the beast that is China, which is trying to come after the United States in every which way. Then we see on the news today that North Korea is firing another missile. Who do we have to get to talk to North Korea? We have got to get China to talk to North Korea. President Trump has said China has got to help us with this. China is not going to help us with any-thing. We owe them. That is the prob-lem. That is the problem you get into when you borrow so much money. When corporate profits are at the highest they have ever been, we can’t ask these folks to help us. Do you know how much one-fifth of the Fortune 500 corporations paid in corporate tax? One-fifth pay zero in corporate tax. The corporate tax is a mess, too. But this is where the wealth is con-centrated: the owners of these busi-nesses, the shareholders of these busi-nesses. We have a situation where capital and capital gains has been given pref-erence over labor. If you make money off of money, you are good, you pay a lower tax rate. Warren Buffett said it a million times that he pays a lower rate than his secretary pays. That doesn’t seem fair. We stack the burden on top of labor. This is a huge concentration of wealth, and then we have a huge concentration of opportunity, too, in the United States. A lot of it is through geog-raphy, where Silicon Valley is doing really well and Wall Street is doing really well. We have little tech pockets here or there in Austin, Texas, and up in Massachusetts, to the point where venture capital, which is the money that makes that engine go for growth, is concentrated in three States. Eighty percent of venture capital goes to Cali-fornia, New York, and Massachusetts; ninety percent of it goes to men; and only 1 percent goes to African-Amer-ican people in this country. Oppor-tunity is being concentrated. We need a new energy grid. We need broadband in the United States to reach to every corner of our country to plug these communities back in that have been unplugged from the global economy and globalization. They need plugged back in. They need invest-ment. They need technology. They need business incubators. They need re-search at their universities. Their kids need access to broadband at their schools and in rural communities across the United States, where kids literally have to go to McDonald’s to plug into the WiFi to download their homework and do it. Is that where we are in the United States? Is this what we are settling for? Are we okay with this? I am not. This stinks and we have got to do something about it. b1700 I want to make just one or two last points. You think about who is going 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.075 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9514 November 29, 2017 
to benefit from this tax cut, and one of the prime beneficiaries is going to be the President of the United States and his family members, one of the prime beneficiaries. One of the provisions is to get rid of the alternative minimum tax, which means that, if you have got enough lawyers and you have got enough ac-countants and you can find every loop-hole, at the very least, you’ll pay the alternative minimum tax. And if the bill were passed—we are talking about passing here—passes and was applied to the only tax returns we have for the President, he would save $30 million just on the alternative minimum tax repeal. The Donald Trumps of the world are going to get a huge tax break, and wages are stagnant for middle class families. And if you talk about the Donald Trumps of the world passing on their wealth, his family will save $1 bil-lion—$1 billion under this provision will benefit the Trumps. Now, look, I am not mad at anybody for being rich. I don’t care. I am happy for you. God bless. But my goodness gracious, in a time of such great in-come inequality, at a time of stagnant wages for 30 years, and 60 percent of families in the United States can’t af-ford a $500 emergency, can’t blow a couple of tires on your car or have your car break down, and your world unravels. Somebody gets sick, your world unravels, and we are going to give the Donald Trump family a $1 bil-lion tax cut? We have communities that are dying from the inside. There are dilapidated homes all over communities that need to come down, no broadband, no nice roads, no nice schools, no new schools, teachers who haven’t seen a pay raise for 10 years, erosion of the tax base. We need investment, public investment, to stimulate private investment into these communities. And we are going to borrow money from China not to rebuild our own country, not to say: We are going to borrow $2.3 billion from China; we are going to do roads, bridges, airports; put everybody back to work; drive up wages; broadband in every community; new energy grid; jobs that are in the ground that can’t be outsourced to China. That is not what we are bor-rowing money for. We are going to bor-row the money, and we are going to give it to families like this. I just don’t think this is the direc-tion we need to be going in. The bene-fits for the middle class sunset and the benefits for the major corporations are made permanent. There is even a provi-sion, in the House bill for sure, that al-lows companies to write off an expense shipping their jobs overseas. Now, can you imagine? Who is writ-ing this stuff to where we are going to give the company and a big corporation the ability to expense moving equip-ment and people and all kinds of other things from the United States to China, to Vietnam, to Mexico, to some-where else? This is some dark stuff what is hap-pening here. I will tell you that if somebody could prove to me that bor-rowing $2.3 trillion from China was going to create jobs in Youngstown; in Akron, Ohio; Warren, Ohio; Niles, Ohio; Gary, Indiana; Buffalo, I would be the first one to say: We have got to do something. We have got to do some-thing. Let’s talk about that. Maybe it is worth it for us to borrow that money and make an investment like you would borrow for your kid’s education or you would borrow for your house or you would borrow for your business to reinvest, maybe it would make some sense for us to do that, but there is no evidence that that is the case. So I say, let’s start over. Come talk to the Democrats. There is no reason why this has to be done by the end of the year. What is the rush? What is the hurry? We haven’t done this in 31 years. Let’s do it right. Congressman R
OKHANNA and I and several others have offered a trillion-dollar tax cut for working class families. People who make $75,000, $80,000 a year and have two or three kids would get thousands of dollars back. Let’s approach that. How do we expand the affordable housing credits? How do we expand the wind credits for the renewable industry and wind and solar industries that are growing at 20 or 25 percent a year and then target those investments to dis-tressed areas? Let’s sit down and talk about that. Let’s sit down and talk about how we can get all these government jobs out of Washington, D.C., and spread them around the country. There is 300,000 here. Let’s get a good chunk of them and move them out. Everyone doesn’t need to be in Washington, D.C. These jobs could be done: 1,000 jobs in Youngstown, 1,000 in Akron, 1,000 in Bi-loxi, and 1,000 in Tallahassee. Stabilize these communities and then rebuild. Let’s sit down. There is a way out if we come together. This is going to get rammed through. No Democrats are even at the table. President Trump said he invited our leadership over, come down to talk. And he tweeted before that: I am not going to accept any of the Democratic provisions, but come on over. I am happy to talk. I don’t think the coffee is that good at the White House if we are not going to have a serious conversation. This is a wrong move for our country. You know, you start to think—not to be doom and gloom, but we are already trillions of dollars in debt. We already have the highest level of income in-equality we have had since the Great Depression. We have Republican control of the House and Senate and the White House, and they are going to pass a tax bill that borrows another $2.3 trillion from China, feeds that beast, feeds the Chi-nese beast all over the world in Africa, in the South China Sea, while here in the United States we have commu-nities that are collapsing. How much longer can we go? Because I know in communities like mine, we have been dealing with this for 40 years, and it is time both parties step up with a grand solution or series of strategies to fix it. And I will tell you one of those strategies is not to give a huge tax cut to Donald Trump and his family, to the wealthiest corporations who have the highest corporate profits in the history of our country. That is not the solution. We need to come together, sit down, make this right, start over. Both par-ties need to be a part of this grand so-lution, this grand strategy. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 9 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1714 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ) at 5 o’clock and 14 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4182, ENSURING A QUALI-FIED CIVIL SERVICE ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.R. 1699, PRESERVING ACCESS TO MANUFACTURED HOUSING ACT OF 2017 Mr. WOODALL, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–430) on the resolution (H. Res. 635) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4182) to amend title 5, United States Code, to modify proba-tionary periods with respect to posi-tions within the competitive service and the Senior Executive Service, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1699) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage, to amend the Secure and Fair Enforce-ment for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to modify the definition of a loan originator, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 5 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, November 30, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO7.077 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9515 November 29, 2017 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3221. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Softwood Lumber Research, Pro-motion, Consumer Education and Industry Information Order; De Minimis Quantity Ex-emption Threshold [Document Number: AMS-SC-16-0066] received November 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 3222. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Services, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Ag-riculture, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule — Oranges, Grapefruit, Tan-gerines, and Pummelos Grown in Florida; Change in Size Requirements for Oranges [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-17-0064; SC17-905-2 IR] re-ceived November 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 3223. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Services, Specialty Crops Program, Department of Ag-riculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Minimum Quality and Handling Standards for Domestic and Imported Pea-nuts Marketed in the United States; Change to the Quality and Handling Requirements [Doc. No.: AMS-SC-16-0102; SC16-996-3 FR] re-ceived November 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ag-riculture. 3224. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Agricultural Marketing Service, Spe-cialty Crops Program, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s in-terim rule — Pistachios Grown in California, Arizona, and New Mexico; Decreased Assess-ment Rate [Docket No.: AMS-SC-17-0048; SC17-983-2 IR] received November 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 3225. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Thomas S. Vandal, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 3226. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s final rule — Truth in Lending (Regulation Z) Annual Threshold Adjustments (Credit Cards, HOEPA, and ATR/QM) received No-vember 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3227. A letter from the Honors Attorney, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s final rules — Appraisals for Higher-Priced Mortgage Loans Exemption Threshold [Docket No.: CFPB-2017-0029] received No-vember 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3228. A letter from the Honors Attorney, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s final rules — Consumer Leasing (Regulation M) [Docket No.: CFPB-2017-0026] received No-vember 22, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3229. A letter from the Acting Deputy Chief, Public Safety and Homeland Security Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Wireless Emergency Alerts [PS Dock-et No.: 15-91]; Amendments to Part 11 of the Commission’s Rules Regarding the Emer-gency Alert System [PS Docket No.: 15-94] received November 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3230. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting reports concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3231. A letter from the Acting Director, U.S. Trade and Development Agency, trans-mitting the Agency’s Performance and Ac-countability Report, Fiscal Year 2017, pursu-ant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107- 289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 3232. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Labor, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Office of Inspector General Semi-annual Report to Congress for the period ending September 30, 2017, pursuant to Sec. 5 of the Inspector General Act; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 3233. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting the Depart-ment’s Fiscal Year 2017 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Pub-lic Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 3234. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Transportation, transmitting the Of-fice’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the Period ending September 30, 2017, pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, Public Law 95-452; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3235. A letter from the Administrator, En-vironmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s Semiannual Report to Congress prepared by the Office of Inspector General, for the 6-month period ending Sep-tember 30, 2017, pursuant to the Inspector General Act of 1978, Public Law 95-452; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3236. A letter from the Director, Congres-sional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Agency Fi-nancial Report of FY 2017, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3237. A letter from the Chairman, National Endowment for the Arts, transmitting the Endowment’s Fiscal Year 2017 Agency Finan-cial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3238. A letter from the Treasurer, National Gallery of Art, transmitting the Gallery’s Annual Performance and Accountability Re-port for FY 2017, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 3239. A letter from the Chairman, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Agency Financial Report of FY 2017, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3240. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Sustainable Fisheries — Pacific Is-lands Region, National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration, transmitting the Ad-ministration’s final specifications — Pacific Island Fisheries; 2017-18 Annual Catch Limit and Accountability Measures; Main Hawai-ian Islands Deep 7 Bottomfish [Docket No.: 170330338-7585-02] (RIN: 0648-XF335) received November 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 3241. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Temporary Assistance for Needy Fami-lies Program 12th Report to Congress, pursu-ant to 42 U.S.C. 611(b); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title IV, Sec. 411 (as added by Public Law 104- 193, Sec. 103 (a)(1)); (110 Stat. 2148); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. WOODALL: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 635. A resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4182) to amend title 5, United States Code, to modify probationary periods with respect to posi-tions within the competitive service and the Senior Executive Service, and for other pur-poses, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1699) to amend the Truth in Lend-ing Act to modify the definitions of a mort-gage originator and a high-cost mortgage, to amend the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to modify the definition of a loan originator, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–430). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. WALBERG (for himself and Mr. B
LUM): H.R. 4476. A bill to modernize the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. CULBERSON (for himself, Mr. C
UELLAR , Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. C OSTELLO of Penn-sylvania, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. M
CCAUL, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Ms. T
ITUS): H.R. 4477. A bill to enforce current law re-garding the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29NO7.000 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9516 November 29, 2017 
By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 4478. A bill to amend the Foreign In-telligence Surveillance Act of 1978 to im-prove foreign intelligence collection and the safeguards, accountability, and oversight of acquisitions of foreign intelligence, to ex-tend title VII of such Act, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Intel-ligence (Permanent Select), Oversight and Government Reform, and Homeland Secu-rity, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HUNTER (for himself, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana): H.R. 4479. A bill to establish a new higher education data system to allow for more ac-curate, complete, and secure data on student retention, graduation, and earnings out-comes, at all levels of postsecondary enroll-ment, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Veterans’ Affairs, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KIND (for himself, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. M EE-
HAN, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-zona, Mr. H
IMES, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. S
OTO, and Mr. F ERGUSON ): H.R. 4480. A bill to provide for a study by the National Academies on workplace chal-lenges; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 4481. A bill to amend the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 to prohibit the use of public funds to make payments of awards and settlements in connection with violations of such Act which are committed by employing offices of the House of Rep-resentatives and Senate, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself and Mr. R
ENACCI ): H.R. 4482. A bill to deter opioid abuse and addiction, to establish additional registra-tion requirements for prescribers of opioids, to encourage the development of abuse-de-terrent formulations, to require a study and report on policy changes that may have con-tributed to the opioid epidemic, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia (for himself, Mr. W
ALKER , and Mr. D AVID-
SON): H.R. 4483. A bill to abolish the Federal In-surance Office of the Department of the Treasury, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. STEWART (for himself and Ms. B
ONAMICI ): H.R. 4484. A bill to amend the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 to prohibit the imposition of a nondisclosure agreement as a condition of the payment of any award or settlement in connection with a violation of such Act; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself, Mr. C
OLE, Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. M OORE , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. G
RIJALVA , and Mr. K HANNA ): H.R. 4485. A bill to direct the Attorney General to review, revise, and develop law enforcement and justice protocols appro-priate to address missing and murdered Indi-ans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 4486. A bill to amend section 1908 of title 41, United States Code, to exempt cer-tain contracts from the periodic inflation ad-justments to an acquisition-related dollar threshold; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. WELCH (for himself, Ms. SCHA-
KOWSKY , and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida): H.R. 4487. A bill to authorize the collection of supplemental payments to increase con-gressional investments in medical research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. CHENEY: H. Res. 634. A resolution electing Members to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 4476. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution, which gives Congress the power to ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the indian tribes.’’ By Mr. CULBERSON: H.R. 4477. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. NUNES: H.R. 4478. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States provides, in pertinent part, that ‘‘Congress shall have power . . . to . . . provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States’’ and ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers and all other Powers vest-ed in this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ Article III of the United States Constitu-tion, in that the legislation defines or affects powers of the Judiciary that are subject to legislation by Congress. By Mr. HUNTER: H.R. 4479. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KIND H.R. 4480. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 4481. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 5: ‘‘Each House may de-termine the Rules of its Proceedings, punish its Members for disorderly behavior, and, with the concurrence of two thirds, expel a Member.’’ Article I Section 8: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ Article I Section 9: ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in consequence of appropriations made by law; and a regular statement and account of the receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time.’’ By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 4482. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ And, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . regulate Commerce . . . among the sev-eral States . . . ’’ By Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia: H.R. 4483. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. [Page H1185] By Mr. STEWART: H.R. 4484. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 4485. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitu-tional Authority of the United States Con-gress. Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 4486. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. WELCH: H.R. 4487. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Con-gress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 93: Mr. L ARSEN of Washington. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L29NO7.100 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9517 November 29, 2017 
H.R. 103: Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. H IMES, and Mr. L AR-
SONof Connecticut. H.R. 113: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. S COTT of Vir- ginia, and Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 365: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 465: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 477: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 564: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 592: Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Mr. L YNCH , and Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 747: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 754: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. C OSTA . H.R. 795: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 828: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 878: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 930: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 959: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1057: Mr. S
CHNEIDER and Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER . H.R. 1143: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1148: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. M
CNERNEY , and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 1155: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. P AS-
CRELL . H.R. 1158: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 1167: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 1200: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 1205: Mr. M
CEACHIN and Mr. S CHNEI -
DER. H.R. 1229: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 1243: Miss R
ICEof New York and Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 1267: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. S MUCKER . H.R. 1279: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 1284: Ms. H
ANABUSA and Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 1318: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM  of New Mexico. H.R. 1374: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 1384: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 1406: Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. L ARSON of Con- necticut, Mr. F
OSTER , and Mr. C OSTA . H.R. 1421: Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington, and Mr. R
ICHMOND . H.R. 1456: Mr. H
IMES, Mr. S COTT of Vir- ginia, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 1554: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 1575: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 1606: Mr. D
ONOVAN and Mr. G RIFFITH . H.R. 1617: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1649: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1730: Mr. D
ENT, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE  of Pennsylvania, and Mr. S
ARBANES . H.R. 1739: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 1759: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 1819: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1876: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 1896: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 1897: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 1957: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 1972: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 2147: Mrs. D
AVIS of California. H.R. 2225: Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. M CSALLY , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. H UIZENGA , Ms. M OORE , and Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 2234: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2267: Ms. M
OORE , Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 2310: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 2345: Mr. B
ACON , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. B
RAT, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. W IL-
SONof South Carolina, Mr. G RAVES of Lou- isiana, Mr. F
LORES , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OO-
NEYof Florida, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. C OLE, and Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 2416: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 2514: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. J OHNSON of Geor- gia, Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. M EEKS , and Mrs. L AW-
RENCE . H.R. 2556: Mr. P
AULSEN . H.R. 2584: Ms. M
ATSUI and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . H.R. 2591: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia and Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 2625: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. A
DAMS , and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 2633: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 2648: Ms. N
ORTON , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, and Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 2712: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 2723: Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 2740: Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, and Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 2790: Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut. H.R. 2851: Mrs. B
LACK . H.R. 2899: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 2902: Mr. S
CHNEIDER and Mr. T HOMP -
SONof California. H.R. 2953: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 2957: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 3117: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 3175: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 3227: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 3263: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 3282: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. C
URTIS . H.R. 3286: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 3314: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3325: Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. N ORMAN , and Mr. B
UCK. H.R. 3349: Mr. C
ROWLEY and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 3378: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 3409: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 3495: Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, and Mr. R UIZ. H.R. 3513: Ms. K
APTUR and Mr. F RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 3528: Mr. B
UDDand Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 3596: Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. B OST, Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, and Mr. B UCSHON . H.R. 3605: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 3635: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3637: Mrs. N
APOLITANO and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 3671: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 3730: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 3768: Mr. G
ARAMENDI . H.R. 3770: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 3798: Mr. W
ENSTRUP . H.R. 3814: Mr. R
OYCE of California. H.R. 3881: Mr. H
IMES, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 3956: Mr. L
AMALFA and Mr. P ALAZZO . H.R. 3969: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 3979: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 3988: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 4006: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. K ATKO , and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 4007: Mr. G
IBBS. H.R. 4013: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER . H.R. 4058: Ms. C
HENEY , Mr. B ARR, Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, and Mr. R OEof Tennessee. H.R. 4068: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 4079: Mr. C
OURTNEY . H.R. 4082: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 4084: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut and Mr. D
OGGETT . H.R. 4135: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 4138: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 4143: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. N
UNES , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. M ARCH -
ANT, and Mr. F ARENTHOLD . H.R. 4170: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 4202: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4207: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 4209: Mr. L
YNCH . H.R. 4229: Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. B YRNE , and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 4234: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 4240: Mrs. B
USTOS , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 4251: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 4253: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 4255: Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 4261: Mr. G
ARRETT and Mr. C UMMINGS . H.R. 4300: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. R UP-
PERSBERGER , Mr. S HUSTER , Mrs. B USTOS , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. S OTO, Ms. S EWELL of Ala- bama, Mr. C
OSTA , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. P
AYNE , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. L EWIS of Geor- gia, Ms. C
HENEY , and Mr. S ABLAN . H.R. 4306: Mr. C
OURTNEY and Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 4324: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor- ida, Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. A
RRINGTON , Mr. H ARRIS , and Mr. L AMALFA . H.R. 4340: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 4347: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 4360: Mr. C
ROWLEY and Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD . H.R. 4384: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 4396: Mr. B
URGESS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , and Mr. S
ABLAN . H.R. 4413: Mr. S
TEWART . H.R. 4414: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 4417: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 4431: Mr. C
OOKand Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 4437: Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. B OST, and Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 4458: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4465: Ms. C
HENEY . H.R. 4471: Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania and Mr. P
ASCRELL . H.R. 4472: Mrs. B
USTOS . H. Con. Res. 59: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H. Con. Res. 89: Mr. C
HABOT and Mr. B EYER . H. Res. 15: Mr. G
IBBS. H. Res. 58: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H. Res. 244: Mr. C
RIST. H. Res. 276: Mr. M
EEKS . H. Res. 282: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H. Res. 307: Mr. L
AMBORN and Mr. S AM J
OHNSON of Texas. H. Res. 318: Mr. P
ANETTA . H. Res. 570: Mr. G
ARRETT . H. Res. 587: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , and Ms. H
ANABUSA . H. Res. 593: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H. Res. 614: Mr. P
ASCRELL . H. Res. 630: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Ms. J UDYCHU of California, Mr. R
EED, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. D ONO-
VAN, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. E MMER , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. C
LAY, Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. C ON-
AWAY , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. G ARRETT , Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. L EVIN, Mrs. R OBY, Mr. P ERRY , Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. H ECK, Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. K IND, Ms. F RANKEL of Flor- ida, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Ms. C LARKE  of New York, Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. C
OOPER , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. E
LLISON , and Ms. T ITUS. H. Res. 632: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:38 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO7.038 H29NOPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7367 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 2017 No. 194 
Senate 
The Senate met at 12 noon and was called to order by the Honorable J
ONI E
RNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, King of Kings and Lord of Lords, thank You for this op-portunity to boldly approach Your throne of grace, finding help during life’s challenging seasons. It is at Your throne that we obtain mercy to sustain us through life’s hardships. Lord, we build these moments of si-lent anticipation into our day, aware of our need of You. Be for our lawmakers their shelter in the time of storm. Pre-pare them to meet whatever difficul-ties that may lurk in life’s shadows as they seek to cultivate an experiential relationship with You. Lord, give them the wisdom to persevere through tough times and never give up. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, November 29, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable JONIERNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mrs. ERNST thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 165, S. 1519. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 165, S. 1519, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, during the last decade, hard-working American families have tried to get ahead, but they too often faced insur-mountable barriers. The economy was sluggish, paychecks were stagnant, and jobs and opportunities stayed literally out of reach. The people we represent deserve a whole lot better than that, and it is time for us to deliver. It is time to take our feet off the brakes and get our economy going again and grow-ing again. We could do that through tax reform. Every American who has ever interacted with the IRS already knows that our Tax Code is broken. Rates are too high, deductions and loopholes are too complex to understand, and it is too easy for well-connected elites to take advantage. Passing tax reform is the single most important thing we can do right now to shift the economy into high gear and deliver much-needed re-lief to American families. The Senate Finance Committee has developed a bill that is the result of lit-erally years of work, dozens of hear-ings, and a full committee markup. I once again commend Chairman HATCH  for his leadership of this committee and thank him for producing legisla-tion to unleash the potential of our economy, to create jobs, and to keep them right here in America. Throughout this process, we have kept middle-class families at the cen-ter of our efforts. We want to make their taxes lower, simpler, and fairer. That is why our plan would give the typical family of four with a median income a tax cut of close to $2,200 a year. A single parent raising his or her child on a modest income could also see a tax cut of nearly $1,400. These are real savings that can help families plan for their future and actually get ahead. The Finance Committee’s tax reform proposal also provides substantial re-lief to small businesses. We want to make it easier for them to grow, to in-vest, and, of course, to hire. The bill also will remove incentives for cor-porations to ship jobs and investments overseas. Finally, our tax reform proposal de-livers relief to low- and middle-income Americans by repealing ObamaCare’s individual mandate tax. For too long, families have suffered under an un-popular tax from an unworkable law. Repealing this ObamaCare tax will help those who need it most. Yesterday, the Senate Budget Com-mittee, under Chairman M
IKEENZI’s leadership, reported out a bill, includ-ing our proposal to reform the Tax Code. I thank Chairman E
NZIand the members of the Budget Committee for their outstanding work to get us to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.000 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7368 November 29, 2017 
this important moment. They have been strong advocates for tax reform, and I appreciate their efforts. The com-mittee’s report also included Chairman M
URKOWSKI ’s plan to further develop Alaska’s oil and gas potential in an en-vironmentally responsible way. Her legislation, which has the support of her Alaska colleague, Senator S
UL-
LIVAN , was designed to create good jobs, provide new sources of energy, and strengthen our national security. Now they will both advance to the Sen-ate floor. Today, the Senate will take the next important step toward fixing the Tax Code and helping middle-class families keep more of their hard-earned money. Members will vote to begin debate on this once-in-a-generation opportunity to reform our Tax Code so it works for the middle class. I encourage any Mem-ber who thinks we need to fix the prob-lems of our outdated Tax Code to vote to proceed to this legislation. Anyone who thinks that rates are too high or that loopholes are too prominent should vote to begin debate. To Mem-bers who have ideas about how to make the bill better, I would urge them to vote for the motion to proceed and offer their amendments. I believe my mandate from the people of Kentucky is to vote yes, and I certainly intend to do so. The bottom line is this: We must vote to begin debate because once we do, we will be one step closer to taking more money out of Washington’s pock-et and putting more money into the pockets of the hard-working men and women we represent. This is our chance. This is our chance to deliver relief for the people who sent us here, and the way we can do that is by vot-ing to proceed to the bill. Every Mem-ber will have the opportunity later today to answer the calls of American families by voting to begin debate. I will vote yes on the motion to proceed, and I would urge all of my colleagues to do the same. 
NOMINATION OF DAVID STRAS  
Now on another matter, Madam President, our colleague Senator G
RASSLEY has done an outstanding job of processing the Senate’s judicial nominees, beginning with the Presi-dent’s selection of Judge Neil Gorsuch to serve on the Supreme Court. Chair-man G
RASSLEY and members of the Ju-diciary Committee continue their im-portant work today as the committee holds a hearing for three more of the President’s judicial nominees, includ-ing two well-qualified nominees to our circuit courts, Justice David Stras and Mr. Stuart Kyle Duncan. The committee’s hearing today is particularly important because it means that one member of this body— in this case, the junior Senator from Minnesota—cannot singlehandedly block the committee from considering an extraordinarily well-qualified nomi-nee to serve on our circuit court. That nominee is Justice David Stras of the Minnesota Supreme Court. Justice Stras is an extremely quali-fied and widely admired member of Minnesota’s highest court. He was raised by a single mother. He is the grandson of a survivor of the Nazi death camp at Auschwitz. Justice Stras graduated first in his class from the University of Kansas Law School. He clerked on the court of appeals and the U.S. Supreme Court. He worked for several years in private practice until he joined the faculty of the University of Minnesota Law School. He was appointed to the Min-nesota Supreme Court in 2010, and in 2012, Minnesota voters elected him to a full term on their highest court. His reputation in the Minnesota legal community is impeccable. It is no won-der that the American Bar Associa-tion—hardly a rightwing organiza-tion—gave him its highest rating, unanimously ‘‘well qualified.’’ Nevertheless, the junior Senator from Minnesota does not support Jus-tice Stras receiving so much as a hear-ing. That approach is untenable in light of the recent actions of our Democratic colleagues. A little more than 4 years ago, they eliminated the supermajority requirement for ending debate on lower court nominees. They did so, they said, because they believed that a minority of the Senate should not be able to prevent the confirmation of a nominee who enjoyed the support of a majority of this body. Perhaps our Democratic colleagues now feel buyer’s remorse over the change to the Senate rules they jammed through this body, but they should not be allowed to use the com-mittee’s blue-slip courtesy—which is neither a committee rule nor a Senate rule—as another way to block the con-sideration of nominees with majority support. As Chairman GRASSLEY has pointed out, that approach is not the way the blue-slip courtesy was first used, nor is it the way the vast major-ity of the Judiciary Committee chair-men have used it. After Senate Democrats have changed the Senate’s rules to prevent 41 Senators from stopping a nominee, our Democratic colleagues surely can-not now think it is tenable to give just one Senator absolute power to do so. They decided that 41 Senators ought not to be able to stop a nominee. How can they now argue that one Senator should be able to, in effect, block all the nominees? In this case, the junior Senator from Minnesota acknowledges that it is ‘‘un-deniably true’’ that Justice Stras is a ‘‘committed public servant whose ten-ure as a professor at the University of Minnesota underscores just how much he cares about the law.’’ Yet our col-league objects to the committee even considering his nomination. Why does he want to block a widely respected and accomplished State supreme court justice from his own State whom his constituents actually support? Because our colleague doesn’t agree with the U.S. Supreme Court Justices whom the nominee admires, one of whom the nominee happened to clerk for. I applaud Chairman GRASSLEY for not allowing the blue-slip courtesy to be abused in this fashion, and I look for-ward to learning more about Justice Stras’s views from today’s hearing. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, first, before I get to my main issue of taxes, I just heard the majority leader talk about taking away the blue slip. We hear the other side professing they want to work in a bipartisan way, but every step they take takes away bipar-tisanship. Reconciliation takes away bipartisanship. Getting rid of the blue ship takes away bipartisanship. Unfor-tunately, the majority leader has taken many steps this year to remove any hint of bipartisanship—most nota-bly, reconciliation on this major tax bill. This is the first time we are doing tax reform in 36 years, but then, it was done in a bipartisan way. The product lasted, and people, in retrospect, were proud of it. Because this bill is being done in such a partisan and narrow way and the idea—I even heard my friend from Utah say this: Join us. You don’t put together a bill in the dark of night with just Republicans and then say: Come join us. That is not how tax re-form was done in 1986. That is not how major, bipartisan efforts in this body have ever been done. It is a group from both parties sitting down and coming up with a plan. And to offer amend-ments and then to have them all de-feated or ruled out of order and then say that is regular order? Who are we kidding? Who are we kidding? This has been a very partisan bill. That is why it is not a great product. That is why the other side is rushing it through. This is not a proud day for this Chamber, and history will show that. History will show that. Now I would like to talk about the specific plan, although we are still not sure what the plan will be. According to reports, Republicans are, right now, furiously debating changes in the bill, and who knows when they will put the bill on the floor. A bill like this de-serves weeks of debate on the floor. At most, we will get 20 hours of debate— and maybe not that—depending on when the leader puts the new sub-stitute bill on the floor. That is so wrong. That is so against the better an-gels of this Chamber and the history we have had for centuries. It is against the best practices that my dear friend from Utah, the chairman of the Fi-nance Committee, has exhibited throughout his career. So I hope we can, even at this late moment, change that. But we are only 1 day away, unfortu-nately, from a final vote on the bill to rewrite the entire U.S. Tax Code, and significant parts of the Republican bill 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.002 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7369 November 29, 2017 
are still up in the air. By the time we vote, no one will have a definitive anal-ysis of how the bill would impact the economy—no one. No one will know how the last-minute provisions Repub-licans add will affect American tax-payers and businesses. If this bill should pass—and I sure hope it doesn’t, for the sake of America and for the sake of the middle class— my Republican friends will regret rush-ing it through in such a brazen way. There will be unintended consequences. The rush to get something—anything— done will haunt my Republican col-leagues in years to come and, I dare say, in November of 2018. I would understand the rush if the Republicans were sure they had a great tax bill, but they are not sure. I know so many of my colleagues have ex-pressed real misgivings about this bill. They say that it is better than nothing, but that is not the alternative. It is not either this bill or nothing. We Demo-crats are ready to sit down and work on a bipartisan bill—it will take a cou-ple of months—and come up with a much better plan that will get 70 or 80 votes on the floor of this Chamber, of which we can all be proud. Every independent analysis has shown that millions of middle-class people will get an increase in taxes. The Tax Policy Center estimates that 60 percent of middle-class families will see a tax increase at the end of the day, while folks making over $1 million will get an average cut of $40,000. Do mil-lionaires need a tax cut at all? Are they doing so poorly? Is there any study that shows this kind of tax cut will make them work harder or create more jobs? No. No. None. So the indi-vidual side here, which reduces the top rate by 1 percent, if that is still in the bill they are going to put before us, is misguided. Corporations will get permanent breaks while individuals’ will expire after only a few years. For estates, right now the only estates that pay any tax are worth over $11 million, and they will get a tax break while 13 mil-lion fewer Americans—middle income, low income—will get health insurance. Why rush to pass a bill like that? It is no wonder the bill is so unpopu-lar with the American people. In every survey that I have seen and in every State survey that I have seen, the numbers who dislike the bill exceed—in most cases, by a lot—those who like the bill, just like healthcare. Now, corporate profits are at an all- time high. Companies are flush with cash. The richest 1 percent of Ameri-cans receive 20 percent of the overall national income. The richest 1 percent get 20 percent of the income. God bless them. I don’t like that percentage, and that percentage hasn’t been matched in nearly a century since the roaring twenties. But do they need a tax break? Come on. Corporations and the wealthy are doing great right now. God bless them. They don’t need a tax cut. To lavish them with huge tax breaks and ask the middle class to bear so much of the cost—that gets it backward. That is not a bill anyone in this Chamber can be proud of, whether your views are for tax cuts or not. The main argument my Republican colleagues use to counter these damn-ing facts—what I say is the core argu-ment of their tax plan—is that a mas-sive corporate tax cut would grow the economy and make it easier for compa-nies to invest in their workers. The ar-gument that a massive corporate tax cut leads to more jobs and higher wages is a flimsy house of cards that falls down under the slightest scrutiny. Just yesterday, Bloomberg published an article citing the CEOs of major companies like Cisco and Coca-Cola, who said, according to the report, that ‘‘they’ll turn over most gains from the proposed corporate tax cuts to their shareholders, undercutting the Presi-dent’s promise that his plan will create jobs and raise wages for the middle class.’’ We have seen similar quotes by major corporate leaders on earnings calls over the past several months. They ad-mitted that this big corporate tax break will go, in large part, to stock buybacks, dividends, which we all know go to the wealthiest people in America. The preponderance of it goes to the wealthiest people in America. The additional profits from corporate tax cuts will not go to new investments or higher wages but to CEO bonuses, stock buybacks, and dividends. Perhaps the most compelling testi-mony was given to top White House economic adviser Gary Cohn himself, who spoke at the Wall Street Journal CEO Council earlier this year. The gathering of business leaders was asked to raise their hands if they planned to invest the money they got from cor-porate tax cuts into their companies. Gary Cohn had to ask: Why aren’t there more hands up? Again, you say: Well, they were afraid to say so. They didn’t want to reveal their plans. Well, corporate ex-ecutives are revealing their plans in their earnings calls. And when report-ers ask them, so many of them say: I am not going to invest this in jobs; I am going to invest it in dividends and stock buybacks, send it back to the shareholders. The harsh fact of the matter is that tax cuts don’t result in the kind of eco-nomic growth and job growth my Re-publican friends predict. It didn’t hap-pen after the Bush tax cuts. It didn’t happen in Kansas, where there were so many promises: If we cut taxes in Kan-sas, there will be huge growth and new jobs. Well, it was a dramatic flop, what happened in Kansas, that our Repub-lican colleagues are repeating. They are not learning from history. Kansas’s job growth last year was much lower than the national average, despite all the big tax cuts they gave. I am afraid my Republican colleagues and friends are willing to paper over their serious reservations with this bill in order to say that they got something done. They are willing to look past the fact that 60 percent of middle-class families will see tax increases by the end of the day, that healthcare pre-miums will rise 10 percent, that 13 mil-lion fewer Americans will have health insurance, and that the tax bill will ex-acerbate inequality in an economy that is already perilously unequal—all in the name of deficit-busting corporate tax cuts that will not create the kind of economic growth and job growth they are predicting. I heard the majority leader speak a minute ago and say: The focus of this bill—these are his words, in effect; I don’t know his exact words, but they are like this. He said: The focus of this bill is on the middle class. It is only on the middle class if you believe in trickle-down economics, that giving money to the wealthy corpora-tions and giving money to the wealthi-est of people will create jobs—trickle- down. It has never worked. According to a recent poll, 77 percent of Ameri-cans don’t believe that big corpora-tions should get tax breaks. They don’t believe in trickle-down. The only peo-ple who believe in trickle-down seem to be the Members of this Chamber and the big corporation leaders who will get the benefits. Nobody else seems to believe it. Trickle-down is wrong. This bill could be entitled ‘‘the trickle-down tax bill.’’ Let’s hope and pray, middle- class people, that when we give most of the breaks to the wealthiest and big-gest corporations, you might get a few crumbs. Nobody wants that. We could do much better, working together in a bipartisan way. In conclusion, I would say to my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle, particularly those who aren’t sold on this bill: We can create a better prod-uct by working together. Democrats and Republicans agree on many prin-ciples in tax reform. We both want to lower rates and close loopholes. We both want to reduce burdens on the middle class and small businesses and simplify the code. I think many on the other side agree with us that it should be deficit-neutral. This bill is none of those things. If we start over and pursue tax re-form in the right way, the bipartisan way, the open way, the sunlight way, I genuinely believe we can find a product that both sides can be proud of and one that will be much, much better—and much better received—by and for the American people. I yield the floor. 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.004 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7370 November 29, 2017 
speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The Senator from Utah. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I have listened to the minority leader’s remarks. If anybody believes that we are going to be able to work together closely when they just want a bill for the Federal Government at all costs— they had us right there on the cusp of socialism just a month ago, and we are still right on the cusp of socialism. I hate to say it, but our Democratic friends are pushing us toward social-ism, which has never worked anywhere in the world, and it is not going to work here. Their answer to everything is big government. There are two different points of view here. I have to tell you I used to be on their side when I was a young fellow. I was raised in poverty. I came up the hard way. I learned a trade. I became a journeyman metal lather, which was one of the most skilled trades at the time. I have to say that these haunting re-frains were used by Democrats back then, too, but look at this country and the mess it is in, and it is in a mess be-cause of their philosophy. We have to change it. I admit, with him, that the business community isn’t always right, and they are not always the best to spend our money, but they are sure a lot better than government spending it all the time. So much for that. The Senate will soon vote on a mo-tion to proceed to legislation to reform our Nation’s broken Tax Code and to provide significant relief for tens of millions of middle-class families. Members from both parties have worked for years on this effort. As we move to consider this legislation, we will take another step toward accom-plishing what has—until recently, any-way—been a bipartisan goal. I want to thank all of those who have helped us advance this process, especially the members and staff of the Finance Com-mittee, who have worked tirelessly to get us to this point. I also want to thank our distinguished majority lead-er, Senator M
CCONNELL , for his work and leadership on this as well. Of course, we are not there yet. We have a number of additional steps to take, including today’s vote. I don’t want to put any carts ahead of any horses, but I am optimistic that we can get a positive outcome today. Our tax reform bill is crafted with the primary purpose of providing tax relief to the middle class and growth to our economy. To accomplish these goals, the bill lowers individual tax rates across the board. The bill also ex-pands the zero tax bracket by nearly doubling the standard deduction, dou-bling the child tax credit, and increas-ing the child tax credit refundability, all of which, combined, will eliminate income tax liability for many hard- working American families and signifi-cantly cut taxes for tens of millions of middle-class taxpayers. That sounds like the right thing to do to me. Some examples, I think, can be illus-trative here. Under our bill, a family of four making the U.S. median family in-come of around $73,000 a year will see their taxes go down by more than $2,000 a year. That is a savings of more than $180 a month. Overall, this represents a nearly 60-percent reduction in that family’s tax liability. A single parent with one child making $41,000 a year, under the bill, will pay about one-quar-ter of the Federal income taxes he or she may pay today, an annual reduc-tion of almost $1,400. Now, that is real money for these families. It will help them to make car payments, to pay their rent or mortgages, to bring down credit card balances, or to increase their ability to save for the future. In addition to reducing the tax bur-den on low-income to middle-income families, the changes in our bill will make filing taxes much simpler for most of these taxpayers. According to JCT, or the Joint Committee on Tax-ation, more than 9 in 10 American fam-ilies will opt for the standard deduc-tion under this legislation, avoiding al-together the difficult and complicated process of itemizing deductions. This means less time and money spent on tax compliance and preparation for millions of middle-class taxpayers. It may hurt the legal profession, but it is going to give freedom to the American people. The bill also repeals one of the most regressive taxes in American history— the ObamaCare individual mandate tax, which overwhelmingly burdens middle-income and low-income fami-lies. In fact, 80 percent of the families that pay the tax make less than $50,000 per year. Yet this repeal has been the source of much consternation for my friends on the other side of the aisle. I will have more to say on that in a mo-ment. For most small businesses that pay taxes on the owners’ individual re-turns, or passthroughs, the bill pro-vides significant relief in the form of a simple tax reduction applied to quali-fied business income. This will reduce the overall tax burden for passthrough businesses, which are the primary en-gines of our job creation in the United States. In addition, our bill helps Main Street businesses by enhancing expens-ing and expanding the availability of simplified cash accountability. All told, this means more expansion, more investment, and more jobs for U.S. workers employed by small businesses. Make no mistake, this bill is pro- small business, which is why the Na-tional Federation of Independent Busi-nesses, the largest small business asso-ciation in the country, has enthusiasti-cally expressed its support for our leg-islation. They are not stupid. They are brilliant people. They know how badly the small business community has been treated by our tax writers over the years, and they are looking forward to this legislation passing. It should probably go without saying at this point that the United States currently has the highest corporate tax rate in the industrialized world, and, as a result, we are seeing businesses flee our country for more favorable tax conditions overseas, while others are getting purchased by foreign compa-nies. Some of them are just giving up and letting foreign companies take them over. That is not good for Amer-ican workers, and that is not good for America. Former Presidents Clinton and Obama have spoken in favor of low-ering the corporate tax rate to allow our country to be more globally com-petitive. That sentiment has been shared by countless Democrats in this Chamber, including the current rank-ing member on the Finance Committee and the Senate Minority Leader. With this bill, we are taking their advice by lowering the corporate tax rate to 20 percent. We also shift to a more territorial system of international tax—another idea that was explicitly endorsed in a bipartisan working group report, coau-thored by my good friend Senator SCHUMER , by the way, who just spoke here. This shift is paid for largely through the use of a ‘‘deemed repatri-ation,’’ another idea supported by Democrats in recent years. We are cre-ating both incentives and penalties to prevent base erosion, a goal that has become clearly bipartisan during the recent waves of corporate inversions. Long story short, there is quite a bit in this bill that both Republicans and Democrats should be able to support. Of course, anyone who gets their infor-mation solely from the statements and talking points from our friends on the other side would never get that. Over the next few days, I expect we will hear quite a few misleading claims, both about the bill and about the process which led us here. For ex-ample, I think we will hear that this bill is just a massive giveaway to the so-called rich. That is always the claim of the Democrats: It is a gift to the so- called rich. Gosh, give me a break. I get so tired of that phony, lousy argu-ment that they make all the time. They have hurt the middle class so badly in this country; it is unbeliev-able. My colleagues will make the claim that this is a massive giveaway to the so-called rich even though they have the same data from the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation, which clearly shows that middle-class taxpayers will receive the largest proportional tax cuts under the bill and that none of the existing tax burden will be shifted downward from those at the top. In fact, those in the highest bracket, ac-cording to JCT, or the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation, will pay a higher percentage of the overall tax burden than they do now. I expect we will hear that, by repeal-ing the individual mandate tax, the bill will be taking people’s health insur-ance away and raising taxes on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.005 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7371 November 29, 2017 
poor. That claim will be made despite confirmation from congressional score-keepers that nothing—nothing—in the bill removes or limits anyone’s access to health insurance. The approach they are taking toward health insurance will put us into a socialized medicine situation overnight. If anybody thinks that is a great idea, I ask them to look at the socialized medicine countries and compare them to what we have been able to have. Instead, JCT and CBO predict that, with no individual mandate, people will choose to not get health insurance even if they still have access to premium subsidies, employer- provided plans, or even free health cov-erage through Medicaid. This bill pro-vides choice. It doesn’t take anything away from those individuals. We can quibble with that conclusion and question whether tens of millions of people who currently have health in-surance—including a few million who are currently getting it for free—will suddenly opt to go uninsured once the mandate penalty is zeroed out. Given that most observers have concluded that the mandate has essentially failed to draw enough participants into the healthcare market to keep premiums from skyrocketing, there is room for questioning whether the scorekeepers are right on that score. However, even if they are 100 percent correct, no one will lose their health insurance under this bill when the mandate is repealed. Anyone going uninsured will be doing so voluntarily. We are not kicking any-one off their insurance by zeroing out the individual mandate penalty, and it is a blatant distortion of reality to claim otherwise. Similarly, no one’s taxes will go up if the mandate is zeroed out. True enough, our scorekeepers have pro-duced distribution tables showing an uptick in taxes at the low end of the income spectrum due to decreased uti-lization of premium tax credits under ObamaCare. My colleagues, I am sure, will talk about this at length as well. However, I would like to have one of them explain how a person’s voluntary decision to forego a tax subsidy amounts to a tax hike. So far, I haven’t heard a serious attempt at such an ex-planation. In fact, during our recent markup, when the chief of staff of JCT sat at a table and told my colleagues that no one will owe a dime in addi-tional taxes as a result of the indi-vidual mandate repeal, none of my col-leagues disputed this conclusion. In-stead, they opted to ignore it, even after they were shown a JCT table showing that, if the behavioral effects of the mandate repeal are removed from the equation—as they should be when we are talking about taxes owed—every income group will see their taxes go down under this bill. I hope our colleagues and those watching will remember these facts when they are evaluating the claims being made by some on the other side. We have a good bill here, under the circumstances, and I believe Members of both parties, if politics were re-moved from consideration, could sup-port it. We have gotten significant sup-port throughout the business commu-nity, with associations and companies from almost every industry and sector publicly in support of the reforms in this bill. I know some of my Republican col-leagues have concerns, and I have been committed to working with them to see if improvements can be made, and, as this process moves forward, we are going to have to make a few more changes. This, of course, is how the leg-islative process works. Our process is designed to produce legislation that re-flects the combined views and interests of a majority of Senators and, more importantly, the constituents they rep-resent. As with any legislative endeavor of real significance, the perfect should not be considered the enemy of the good. As I have said before, I have been around long enough to know that any-one demanding perfection when it comes to major legislation is bound to be waiting a very, very long time and likely will not accomplish much. Before I close, I want to underscore how much of a once-in-a generation op-portunity this is. We need to get this done. The costs of failure and con-tinuing with the status quo are just too high. The American people deserve a tax system that provides greater op-portunity, a stronger economy, and better jobs. We need a tax code de-signed to work for the world of 2017 and beyond. Our bill will accomplish these goals. We need to take this next step so that we can continue the work. So I urge all of my colleagues to vote yes on the motion to proceed. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Rhode Island. Mr. REED. Madam President, two weeks ago, I urged my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to reject the partisan and fiscally irresponsible Re-publican tax proposal in the so-called Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. I asked them to remember that, when it comes to our responsibility to plan for the nation’s long-term economic future, we are here to create opportunity and security for future generations—not to serve the short-term interests of partisan poli-tics. Today, I regret to say that the process surrounding the Republican tax bill has only become more rushed, more partisan, more bitter, and less transparent. My Republican colleagues wrote this bill behind closed doors, held no serious hearings or debate, and even now are planning to make sub-stantial changes to the final bill that we will vote on before we have even had the benefit of a comprehensive, nonpartisan score of its cost. We all know better than to believe that this irresponsible process will lead to a responsible or sustainable out-come. Therefore, because it is clear that this bill is an unprecedented give-away to wealthy corporations and indi-viduals at the expense of poor, sick, el-derly, and middle-class Americans, and because it will drive our Nation tril-lions of dollars further into debt, I strongly urge my colleagues to reject this bill and to work with both sides of the aisle to craft tax reform that will help—rather than burden—future gen-erations and the middle class. The only future generations that this bill appears to take into account are the children and grandchildren of the wealthiest families in the United States, including President Trump’s family and the families of the wealthi-est Cabinet ever assembled by any President. According to the non-par-tisan Tax Policy Center, half of all households, and two-thirds of house-holds making between $54,700 and $93,200 would see their taxes go up under the current Republican bill. Indi-viduals who struggle to get by because of sickness or the unavailability of well-paying job opportunities would lose tax exemptions and advantages that have helped them stay afloat. Many Americans who have played by the rules and persevered through our long recovery from the great recession will open their paychecks to see a little more taken out every month, but not for their benefit. On the other hand, for the 5,000 American families with for-tunes in the millions of dollars or more, the Republican plan to repeal or drastically curtail the estate tax could, on its own, funnel hundreds of billions of dollars to those few who need it the very least. The mere idea that we would raise taxes on poor and working Americans to pay for tax cuts for the wealthiest American estates epitomizes how this Republican tax bill is wholly at odds with our values. The trillions of dollars this bill will add to our deficit will al-most certainly lead to deep cuts in earned benefits like Social Security and Medicare, as well as our national defense. Indeed, major cuts to defense historically follow deficit-increasing tax cuts, and this is almost precisely why we have an estate tax in the first place. Our Nation first enacted estate taxes in order to pay for military conflicts without driving the Nation deeply into debt. Starting in 1797, and continuing through the Civil War, the Spanish- American War, and World War I, the United States used temporary estate taxes to offset the costs of war. Con-gress kept the estate tax after World War I as a means of balancing the Fed-eral budget and countering the growth of massive wealth inequality. Because of this foresight, the estate tax was a critical source of revenue that softened the blow of the Great Depression and supported the war effort in World War II. Prior Congresses saw it as their re-sponsibility to pay America’s bills at home and abroad. They did not leave years of war on America’s line of cred-it, nor did they expect the poor and working classes to pay while the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.006 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7372 November 29, 2017 
wealthiest took a tax cut. There were certainly times when running a deficit was necessary, and even economically wise, but because of this pay-as-you-go principle, no American generation has faced what we do now: 16 years of def-icit-financed military conflict with no end in sight, compounded by the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy that never paid for themselves, despite repeated Republican promises. Before we give the wealthiest Americans another tax cut at the expense of our children and our children’s children, we need at least an idea of how we are going to handle trillions of dollars in compounding war debt—not to mention the trillions more we must spend to maintain and modernize our military— and address our basic domestic needs that have gone unnoticed and under-funded for so long. That is why I plan to file a motion on this bill that would send this bill back to the Finance Committee to reinstate the estate tax at current levels and place all the revenue generated by it into a trust fund. Those funds, which amount to hundreds of billions of dol-lars over a decade, will be devoted evenly between maintaining the readi-ness of our Armed Forces and address-ing the opioid epidemic here at home. This motion not only restores original intent of the estate tax as a tool for combating deficits in times of war but also makes a much needed down-pay-ment on our long-stalled domestic agenda. But the bill’s elimination of the es-tate tax is just one of its many harmful provisions. The bill sabotages our healthcare system by repealing the in-dividual mandate, which could easily throw 13 million Americans off their health insurance and increase pre-miums for millions of others. Yet again, the 130 million Americans with preexisting conditions must fear that their premiums will skyrocket or that they will be left with no options at all. And the poor and the sick may find even fewer options after this bill forces $25 billion in cuts into Medicare in 2018 alone because of the massive deficits it will produce. Do not tell me this will pay for itself with growth. I have served in this body long enough to know that trickle-down economics doesn’t work, and I take the word of the scores of economists who say, in no uncertain terms, that this bill will bal-loon the debt and will not create enough growth to offset it. Even major companies like Cisco, Pfizer, and Coca- Cola say they will use the gains from these massive corporate tax cuts to pay shareholders, rather than create jobs or raise wages for the middle class. We are making decisions here that will guide the largest economy in the world. We simply cannot roll the dice on a plan of this scale and hope for the best. It remains my sincere hope that my Republican colleagues will see the error of their ways and choose to work with Democrats on tax reform that is bipartisan, reasonable, and in keeping with our responsibility to leave this Nation better than we found it. We can and should address other domestic pri-orities in dire need like our Nation’s infrastructure, the economic security of children and seniors, and programs that create and sustain employment for the middle class. I and my col-leagues are ready and willing to work in good faith on tax reform, but we cannot begin that work until we aban-don the kind of recklessness and par-tisanship that led to this Republican tax bill. Once again, we are all here, and we are all committed to defending our Na-tion, but this bill will make it vir-tually impossible to do what we know we must do. There are unavoidable costs in our national security that are not even counted in this bill. My fellow members of the Armed Services Com-mittee and I have committed to mak-ing needed increases to the size of our military forces. It costs roughly an ad-ditional $1.8 billion per year for every 10,000 servicemembers. Where will we get that money when we are going $1.8 trillion in debt to provide tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans? We want a 355-ship Navy. There have been some estimates that doing that will require at least an additional $1 trillion a year. Where are we going to get that when we have already given $1.5 trillion to the wealthiest Americans? We have to modernize our nuclear triad, our sub-marines, our land-based missiles, and our aircraft. There are estimates that this will cost about $400 billion per year in costs. Where are we getting that, since we have given the money— $1.5 trillion—to the wealthiest Ameri-cans? We have overseas operations in Iraq. Over a 10-year period, roughly $10 billion must be repaid. We pay about $1 billion a year there. For Syria, that is $13 billion. If we stay there for 10 years—and that seems to be the present policy—that is $130 billion. We pay $50 billion a year to support the Af-ghan operation. We are going to stay there, apparently, under the current procedure—not based on time but con-ditions—for another 10 years. Add that up, and that is about $640 billion over the next 10 years, just to maintain the situation in those three countries. These are not costs we can ignore. If we did, we would—at the very least—be turning our backs on the policies an-nounced by this President and this Congress—and by my Republican col-leagues in particular. But where is this money coming from? We don’t have the situation we had in 2001 when Presi-dent George W. Bush proposed his tax cuts. We don’t have an expected $5 tril-lion surplus. We already have a multi-trillion-dollar deficit over 10 years, and we are adding to that deficit. We know we have to maintain the military ex-penditures. Anyone who is voting for this bill is essentially saying: I will talk a good story about supporting national secu-rity, but when it comes down to the money, it is going to go to the wealthi-est Americans, to things like the es-tate tax cut. It is going to go to the wealthiest Americans who are paying the alternative minimum tax. The money we need for security will not be there unless we borrow it from future generations—to fund the things we know we already have to fund to defend America. This is absolutely irresponsible, and, as a result, I would hope we could re-gain our senses, sit down, and deal, on a bipartisan basis, with tax reform that could help all of us and could indeed even begin, after 16 years, to put real money into our national defense rather than borrowing it from future genera-tions. Again, this bill is not only eco-nomically unwise because it will not generate growth, but it is also irre-sponsible because it will put us in a po-sition where we will be choosing, very shortly—in the next several years— whether we are going to cut defense or whether we are going to cut Social Se-curity or whether we are going to cut everything because the deficit is grow-ing so large. I don’t think we should put ourselves in that position. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Madam President, the American people have gotten a lot of lip service over the past 10 months. Remember draining the swamp and fighting for the forgotten families? The President apparently forgot them when he filled the Cabinet with a who’s who of Wall Street. How about every single American having better, cheaper healthcare? That was, of course, before Republicans tried to kick millions of people off of their coverage, increase costs for millions more, and gut protec-tions for people with preexisting condi-tions. You would think it would be tough to top all of that, but here we are watch-ing as Republicans, led by President Trump, twist themselves into knots trying to convince hard-working fami-lies that the GOP tax plan is anything but a high-priced giveaway to million-aires, billionaires, and the biggest cor-porations. It is a high-priced giveaway paid for by—you guessed it—the middle class and those who can least afford it. This is so wrong, and I am glad, finally, the phones across the Capitol are today lighting up with constituents demand-ing to know how anyone promising to represent them could possibly put their name on this terrible, partisan, fast- tracked bill because they see the same nonpartisan reports we all do. They know expert after expert has confirmed what we all know: The Republican tax plan will hurt millions of everyday Americans, including those who are al-ready falling behind in an economy that tilts further and further in favor of the wealthiest few. They know the Republican tax plan takes money out of their pockets. They know it guts their healthcare by spiking premiums and leaving millions and millions of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.008 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7373 November 29, 2017 
Americans without the coverage they need. They know it papers over our Na-tion’s paid family leave problem, in-stead giving corporations a massive giveaway and leaving families who need to care for loved ones in the lurch. They know it adds trillions of dollars to the national debt, setting up, once again, the perfect foil for Republicans to then come after Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, and other middle-class priorities when the bill comes due. In case that wasn’t enough, the Sen-ate Republican tax bill adds a backdoor attempt to open the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to drilling for oil, just for good measure. Republicans are even trying to pay for tax cuts for those at the top by sabotaging families’ healthcare in this bill in a way that would spike premiums, cause 13 million people to lose their coverage, and cre-ates more chaos in the healthcare sys-tem. I know they are claiming the bipar-tisan bill I reached with Chairman A
LEXANDER can somehow fix this if it is signed into law and that other bipar-tisan legislation to help States cover the costs of enrolling very sick pa-tients might help, too, but let me make very clear, that is very wrong. This is the classic example of trying to fit a square peg into a round hole and would be cold comfort to the people across the country who will struggle even more to get the care they need while at the same time watching massive cor-porations get more tax breaks they don’t need. If anyone was still under any illusion that Republicans were concerned about the middle class or fiscal responsibility or even regular order, that ends here and now. This is shameful and wrong. I have to say, it is not too late. I say this to my Republican colleagues, let’s move right now to the bipartisan work we know our constituents actually want and expect. Let’s return to a process that allows a true debate about our values and priorities as a nation. Let’s talk about ways to help our workers and grow the economy from the middle out, such as access to high- quality childcare and pre-K for all of our working families; providing mean-ingful paid family and medical leave for every American; making college more affordable; investing in retire-ment security for our workers; sup-porting our veterans; and making healthcare higher quality, more afford-able, and more accessible. Those are the kinds of conversations we should be having. Those are the people we should be investing in. We will not stop re-minding you of that every day until you give up this cruel tax plan. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, President Trump and the Republican leadership are on television every day telling the American people how this tax bill is going to help the middle class, how it was written for the middle class. Unfortunately, I will not shock too many people by suggesting what President Trump is saying is not truth-ful. This legislation, according to inde-pendent studies, will provide 60 percent of the benefits to the top 1 percent. We are living in a moment in American history where we have massive levels of income and wealth inequality, where the top one-tenth of 1 percent now owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent, where three peo-ple—three of the wealthiest people in this country own more wealth than the bottom half of the American popu-lation. Yet my Republican colleagues believe this is a moment when 60 per-cent of the benefits of the so-called tax reform bill should go to the 1 percent. Meanwhile, millions of middle-class families will end up paying more in taxes. So we have a situation in which the wealthy, who need tax breaks the least, will benefit the most, and many millions of struggling working-class and middle-class families will end up paying more in taxes at the end of 10 years. The President of the United States and my Republican colleagues tell the American people that trickle-down ec-onomics—giving huge tax breaks to the wealthy and large corporations—will expand the economy, will create new jobs, and will pay for the deficit that this legislation brings about. The sim-ple truth is, trickle-down economics is a fraudulent theory. It has failed mis-erably in Kansas, where it has been most recently put into effect. It failed under the Reagan administration, and it failed under the administration of George W. Bush. What interests me the most is, my Republican colleagues will not tell the American people how they are going to be paying for the $1.4 trillion increase in deficits that this bill creates. You have a $1.4 trillion increase in deficits. How is that going to be paid for? My view is that, without doubt, as soon as this legislation is passed, the Repub-licans will come back, and they will suddenly rediscover their religion about deficits. They will go before the American people and say we need ‘‘en-titlement reform’’ or we need ‘‘welfare reform.’’ Let me translate for you what ‘‘entitlement reform’’ means. It means that when millions of older workers have nothing in the bank saved up for retirement, they are going to propose massive cuts to Social Security. We do not know exactly the form it will take. Maybe they will want to raise the retirement age, forcing older workers to work more before they can get their Social Security benefits. Maybe they will cut back on cost-of- living increases through a so-called chained CPI, which means lower bene-fits. They are going to go after Medi-care. Maybe their idea will be to pri-vatize Medicare, convert it into a voucher program, and say to older Americans: Here is a check for $8,000. You go out and find the private insur-ance that you can, and good luck to you with your $8,000 check if you are dealing with heart disease or cancer. They will, no doubt, come back to slash Medicaid. Now, these are not just wild ideas that I have been thinking about. This is pretty much what was in the budget the Republicans voted for right on the floor of the Senate. They already voted for a $1 trillion cut over a 10-year pe-riod to Medicaid, and that means mas-sive reductions in help not only for lower income Americans, not only for children but for people in nursing homes. They have already voted in the budget, over a 10-year period, to cut Medicare by $470 billion, and in the House they are working hard to figure out ways to cut Social Security. The Republicans will also make massive cuts to education, to nutrition, and to environmental protection. The other day, I sent a letter to the Senate majority leader, MITCH MCCON-
NELL , and to the Speaker of the House, P
AULRYAN. What I asked of them was to be honest with the American people. I ask unanimous consent that the letter be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
U.S. S ENATE , C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , Washington, DC, November 27, 2017. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Senate Majority Leader, Washington, DC. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL AND  S
PEAKER RYAN: It is no secret that I am vig-orously opposed to the disastrous ‘‘tax re-form’’ bills that you are pushing in the U.S. House and U.S. Senate. At a time of massive income and wealth in-equality, both of these bills would provide huge tax breaks to the very rich and large corporations. Meanwhile, they would raise taxes for millions of middle class families. Further, and the point of this letter, is that both of these bills would increase the federal deficit by more than $1.4 trillion, ac-cording to the Joint Committee on Taxation. I am very concerned that if you succeed in passing tax legislation that significantly adds to our national debt, you will then move aggressively to balance the budget on the backs of working families, the elderly, the children, the sick, and the poor. In other words, in order to pay for tax breaks for the rich and large corporations, you will make massive cuts to Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, nutrition, environmental protec-tion, and every other program designed to protect the needs of the middle class and working families of our country. Before the Senate votes on tax legislation that adds over $1.4 trillion to the deficit, you owe the American people a specific and de-tailed explanation as to how the Republican Congress will achieve its commitment of bal-ancing the budget over the next decade. Will you schedule a vote to raise the eligi-bility of Medicare from 65 to 67 as called for in the House Budget Resolution? Will you at-tempt to end Medicare as we know it by giv-ing seniors vouchers to purchase private health insurance, something long supported by Speaker Ryan? How much will you cut Social Security? Will you try to increase the retirement age 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.009 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7374 November 29, 2017 
to 70, cut cost-of-living adjustments for sen-ior citizens and disabled veterans, and/or pri-vatize Social Security? Will you support legislation to cut Med-icaid by $1 trillion over the next decade, kicking 15 million Americans off of health insurance? As you know, this was a provision included in the Republican Budget Resolu-tion that was passed earlier this year. How much do you plan on cutting afford-able housing, Pell Grants, WIC, and Head Start to pay for a permanent tax break for profitable corporations? The bottom line is that the American peo-ple have a right to know exactly how you plan to pay for a $1.4 trillion increase in the deficit before, not after, tax legislation is signed into law. In your response, please be as specific as you can. Sincerely, B
ERNARD SANDERS , Ranking Member. 
Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, this is what I asked: 
I am very concerned that if you succeed in passing tax legislation that significantly adds to our national debt, you will then move aggressively to balance the budget on the backs of working families, the elderly, the children, the sick, and the poor. In other words, in order to pay for tax breaks for the rich and large corporations, you will make massive cuts to Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, nutrition, environmental protec-tion, and every other program designed to protect the needs of the middle class and working families of our country. Before the Senate votes on tax legislation that adds over $1.4 trillion to the deficit, you owe the American people a specific and de-tailed explanation as to how the Republican Congress will achieve its commitment of bal-ancing the budget over the next decade. Will you schedule a vote to raise the eligi-bility age of Medicare from 65 to 67 as called for in the House Budget Resolution? Will you attempt to end Medicare as we know it by giving seniors vouchers to purchase private health insurance, something long supported by Speaker Ryan? How much will you cut Social Security? Will you try to increase the retirement age to 70, cut cost-of-living adjustments for sen-ior citizens and disabled veterans, and/or pri-vatize Social Security? Will you support legislation to cut Med-icaid by $1 trillion over the next decade, kicking 15 million Americans off of health insurance? As you know, this was a provision included in the Republican Budget Resolu-tion that was passed earlier this year. How much do you plan on cutting afford-able housing, Pell Grants, WIC, and Head Start to pay for a permanent tax break for profitable corporations? 
That is what I wrote to the majority leader. My challenge right now to my Repub-lican colleagues is—and I ask you—to come down to the floor of the Senate and tell me I am wrong. Come down here and tell the American people, if this legislation—this disastrous tax bill—passes, that you will not be com-ing back to cut Social Security, Medi-care, Medicaid, nutrition, education, and other programs. Maybe I am wrong. If Republicans come down here and say: Bernie, you are wrong. We have no intention of cutting Social Se-curity, Medicare, and Medicaid, I will come here, and I will apologize. So here is my challenge right now to my Republican colleagues: Come down here. Tell me and tell the American people I am wrong. Tell us all that you are not going to cut Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and education in order to deal with the $1.4 trillion def-icit you will bring about in this disas-trous tax bill. Tell the American people you are not going to cut programs that the elderly, the children, the sick, and the poor desperately need in order to give huge tax breaks to the wealthy and large corporations. That is my challenge, and I will be listening eagerly to see if there are any Republicans who are going to come down and tell me what I am suggesting is wrong. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. TILLIS ). The Senator from Wyoming. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, this week, we are debating the Republican tax relief plan. I had a telephone townhall meeting the other night, along with Senator E
NZI, and we talked to the people of Wyoming who have actually done the math and looked at the impact of the things that are included in this pro-posal—doubling the standard deduction and the child tax credit. People think it is a good deal for them personally, so there is a lot to like in this legislation. It gives tax cuts to hard-working American families; it makes taxes sim-pler and fairer; it makes American businesses more competitive around the world; and it makes our economy stronger here at home. That is all good news for our country and for the Amer-ican people. Now, there is other good news in this legislation, and it is something I con-tinue to hear about at home and heard about over the Thanksgiving recess in Wyoming, which is that it wipes out the ObamaCare insurance mandate tax. This is the tax penalty the Obama healthcare law forced on the American people. Under the Republican plan, peo-ple would no longer have to pay a tax penalty to the IRS if they did not want the Democrats’ expensive health insur-ance or if they just couldn’t afford it. We have seen health insurance pre-miums skyrocket over the past few years in this country, and it is because of the way Democrats wrote the healthcare law. The cost and the deductibles are so high that many peo-ple find that even if they have paid for the expensive insurance, they still can’t afford to get the care they need. The law says that no matter how ex-pensive the insurance gets or how un-usable it is for that individual, by law, people still have to buy it or pay a tax. Families ought to be able to make decisions about what they want to buy and what works for them, not the gov-ernment. I believe that if people don’t want to buy the ObamaCare insurance, they shouldn’t have to pay a tax pen-alty to the IRS. Those are the things we are looking at. Interestingly, today in the New York Times, there was more than half a page devoted to this. ‘‘Millions Pay Penalty Instead of Buying Policy. Who Are They?’’ Well, in the State of Wyoming, over 15,000 people paid over $5 million in fines to the IRS. This article today says that 6.7 million tax filers paid the penalty in 2015. Who are they? Well, it is not surprising to the Presiding Offi-cer that the great majority of these—8 out of 10 who paid the fine—have an ad-justed family income of less than $50,000. It says the $25,000 to $50,000 in-come range group had the highest share of people paying the penalty in 2015. Why do we think those people aren’t able to buy the insurance? It is too expensive. It is not a good deal for them. That is why even the New York Times is reporting that the $25,000 to $50,000 income group—hard-working American families—has the highest share of people paying the penalty. Then they questioned why they paid the penalty, and it was because they couldn’t afford the insurance. It is right here in black and white. It points out that the average penalty in 2017 is $708. That is money those families could use for many other things, but it is not enough compared to the cost of the insurance, which is even higher. A single woman would have to pay a tax of either $695 or 2.5 percent of her in-come, whichever is higher. That is the rule. The average is over $700. For a couple, the tax would be double. A fam-ily with kids would pay additional for each of the children. The majority of Americans say they don’t have enough savings to cover a $500 emergency ex-pense if one came up. Who actually pays? These 16,000 peo-ple in Wyoming who paid the penalty are hard-working men and women who are opposed to the fact that Wash-ington—the Federal Government under ObamaCare—says they have to pay a tax if they don’t buy a government product that doesn’t work for them. Across the country, over 6 million people were hit with this extra tax. The ObamaCare insurance mandate tax is a direct tax on the working people of this country. I think it is not right. The Republican Party Members of the Senate think it is not right. Wash-ington should not make people pay higher taxes just because they can’t af-ford expensive ObamaCare insurance. People shouldn’t be forced to buy a product that is not the right choice for them and their families. The Congressional Budget Office says that if we get rid of the insurance man-date, 13 million people will eventually decide under their own free will not to have insurance. These people don’t view it as a good benefit for them. That is why they may walk away from it. They don’t view it as worth their money. Republicans want to give all these people a tax cut. Democrats want to make sure that people still have to pay the tax penalty. There is a lot that I want to change about how America’s healthcare sys-tem works. I want to repeal the entire healthcare law that the Democrats wrote a few years ago. I want to return 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.001 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7375 November 29, 2017 
the money and the decisions back to the people or do that at the State level, where people at the local level can make the best decisions about what works best for them and their State, not a one-size-fits-all coming out of Washington. I haven’t given up on try-ing to get that done because we need to make healthcare better in this coun-try. In Wyoming, we are down to just one insurer willing to sell these policies. That is happening more and more around the country. One insurer is not a marketplace but a monopoly. That has left many people at the breaking point. I got an email from one man in Sheridan, WY. He talked about the fact that his monthly premiums will be going up by more than $700 each month next year. That is for two adults, no children, and there is a deductible of $6,000. He and his wife are stuck in a position where they will have to pay more than $2,400 a month for insurance or pay an extra tax. A woman from Park County wrote to me that her family had to switch insur-ance plans a couple of years ago. The coverage they had before was canceled. Why did 5,000 people in Wyoming lose their insurance? Why was it canceled? It was good enough for them, provided what they needed, but the government said it wasn’t good enough for the gov-ernment. That is wrong. This lady writes about the incredible increase in the costs. She asked, ‘‘What are we supposed to do?’’ I have heard that in all corners of the State of Wyoming. What are they sup-posed to do? I don’t believe these peo-ple should face a choice between pay-ing sky-high insurance premiums or a sky-high tax penalty to the IRS. Peo-ple in Wyoming and around the coun-try want to buy insurance that is af-fordable, that works for them, and that fits their families’ needs. They don’t want to be forced to buy the insurance that Washington tells them they have to buy because Washington, as we have seen in the past, thinks they know bet-ter than the American people. People want the coverage they need so they can go to the doctor they want at lower costs. I would also point out that the cost of insurance isn’t the only problem we are looking at right now. There are other parts of the healthcare law that may actually be harming patients. As a physician, I receive multiple medical journals. There was a new study out in the American Medical As-sociation cardiology journal that looked at Medicare patients who were hospitalized with heart failure. Many people across the country are hospitalized for heart failure. It is a chronic condition, and occasionally they have to go back in the hospital for additional treatment. There is a program in the healthcare law that started to penalize hospitals if that Medicare patient was readmitted to the hospital within 30 days after they had been released from the hos-pital. There are a number of reasons that may happen, but the goal was to penalize hospitals, and—the goal, the laudable goal, was to give patients bet-ter treatment, but that is not what happened. This is the problem: The Democrats wrote into this law and the regulations something that they really had no evidence would actually help patients and save money at the same time. They said: We are going to penal-ize hospitals. So if every hospital im-proved its numbers, they were still going to grade it on a curve, so if a hos-pital didn’t improve enough, it was still going to be penalized. That has had huge a impact on hospitals that take sicker patients, regardless of their location, in terms of how they do fol-lowup with patients. Well, it turns out that the study in the Journal of the American Medical Association—a well-respected cardi-ology journal, their heart issue—says that the death rate actually went up after hospitals faced this new require-ment. The study covered over 400 hos-pitals and over 110,000 patients. The study found that an extra 5,400 people are dying every year just among heart failure patients because of the way the Federal Government has chosen to pe-nalize hospitals around the country when patients are readmitted. It is in-teresting because what has happened is that the readmission rates in the hos-pital have actually gone down. The hospitals succeeded in keeping people out to avoid the penalty, but people died in the process. The Wall Street Journal had an edi-torial about it last week. They con-cluded that if you were doing a drug trial on a drug that you were working on inventing to improve the lives of people and you had the same results as this—5,000 people dying—they would have shut it down long ago. That is a deadly, unintended consequence of the ObamaCare healthcare law. The insurance mandate was supposed to keep premiums from rising. Pre-miums have gone way up anyway. That is another unintended consequence of the law. In spite of good intentions, that is not what happened under the law that was passed and is the law of the land right now. I believe we should repeal the entire law. Until we can do that, we should do what we can to help the American peo-ple who are struggling to deal with this expensive insurance and what I believe to be an unfair tax and fine that they must pay if they don’t buy the insur-ance because they can’t afford it, be-cause it is not a good deal for them and it doesn’t work for them or their fami-lies. It is not just unpopular, it is un- American. It took away people’s choices. It forced them to buy expen-sive insurance that wasn’t right for them. It is time for the insurance mandate to go away. We know it is a bad idea. We need to give people relief from this terrible tax. The people of Wyoming and the people of this country simply can’t afford to wait any longer. It is time to repeal the mandate of the healthcare law. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
AR-
RASSO ). The Senator from North Caro-lina. Mr. TILLIS. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I thank the Presiding Officer for his comments just before mine, and thank him for presiding so that I can step down and speak briefly. I wasn’t sure if I was going to speak. I don’t have any notes. But I was in-spired by some of the comments that were made by the Senator from Vermont as I was presiding. We heard—actually, for those who are visiting the DC area, if you don’t get an opportunity to go to any of the wonderful theaters we have here, such as the Kennedy Center, don’t worry be-cause you are seeing a lot of theater down here on the Senate floor. Anybody who would suggest that we are going to come back and cut my mother’s Medicare and my mother’s Social Security and that of the moth-ers and brothers and sisters of other people who are depending on that for their livelihood is somewhat involved in political theater. Some of you were here and probably heard the challenge to have a Repub-lican come down here on the floor and say: Bernie, you are wrong. Well, the distinguished Senator from Vermont is wrong. This bill is about actually providing freedom and tax relief to working fami-lies and reducing the tax burden on businesses so that the economy will grow and we will have the resources to pay our bills. I can understand that maybe it is not intentional theater on the part of some of these folks; it may just be because they simply have never done it before. But if you have ever lived in North Carolina or if you have lived in North Carolina since 2011, you know that we did. I have seen this theater before—from the dais as speaker of the house in the State of North Carolina when we were one of the highest—the sixth highest tax State in the Nation, with one of the slowest growing economies. We were having a problem paying our Med-icaid bills. We were having a problem paying our bills. We had a $2.5 billion structural deficit. I heard the theater on the floor: If you cut taxes, you are going to drive up the deficit. If you cut taxes, you are going to cut Medicaid. If you cut taxes, you are going to cut so-cial services. I heard it all. Everybody accused us of that. I hit the gavel, and I ratified the bill for tax reform. Guess what hap-pened. We went from being the sixth most taxed State that today is in the top ten best taxed. We went from one of the worst performing State econo-mies to now one of the best performing State economies. We have reduced the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.012 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7376 November 29, 2017 
number of people in poverty, and sta-tistically—I mean, we can prove it to you. We do the counts. The number of people who have been lifted out of pov-erty has increased over the last 3 years. Median incomes have gone up. Job creation has gone up. Our gross do-mestic product has gone up over the past 5 or 6 years by $80 billion. We were at about $400 billion, and now we are at $480 billion. So let me tell you how we are going to pay for these tax cuts. We are not going to pay for them by cutting Medi-care for seniors. We are going to pay for them through the economic activ-ity that will absolutely occur if we have the courage to fulfill the promise that we made last year to the Amer-ican people. We are going to reduce the regulatory burden on businesses. We are going to get our tax policy con-sistent and competitive with nations that are eating our lunch on locating business expansion and having busi-nesses come offshore—away from the United States to more preferable tax jurisdictions, and we are going to change people’s lives. I am motivated to support this plan because I have been in a position of leadership where I had great people in my caucus who had the courage to ful-fill a promise that I made if I became speaker of the house. Now we are at a point in time to do the same thing for America that we did for North Caro-lina. If we do it, it is going to be ex-traordinary. Let me reduce it down to an answer I gave to a little boy yesterday. I think he was in fourth grade. I had a Skype video conference with an English as a second language class in an elementary school down in North Carolina. One of the little boys asked me a great ques-tion, and it is a question that has never been asked of me. I have been in poli-tics only for about 12 years. But he said: What piece of legislation are you most proud of? What is the thing you are most proud of since you have been in the legislature? I thought about it. It was a tough question because I can think of many things I have done. But then I went back to this little boy in the class-room, and I said: You know what, buddy, it was something I did back when I was speaker of the North Caro-lina House. By the way, if any politi-cian tells you ‘‘I did this,’’ they are in-variably not telling you the truth be-cause you don’t get anything done un-less the team commits to it. So I, along with a lot of people in North Carolina, decided that your parents could not af-ford to pay the bills. They were having a difficult time paying the utility bills, their rent, and their groceries, paying for food. So we decided we were going to do something to make sure that gov-ernment gave your parents more money to make sure you could go to school, to make sure they could pay their bills, to make sure they could have a better paying job. And, buddy, that is the thing I am most proud of. The thing I am most proud of was tax reform that produced results that are indisputable. I have seen the theater before, and it didn’t work out too well because it proved to be fiction in North Carolina. If we have the courage over the next couple of days to take that same vote here, we are going to see the same re-sults for those working families and those job employers in the United States. So I hope all of the Members of this body recognize that we are not going to fund the tax cuts on the backs of people who need the help the most. That is absurd. It is unfair. It is the-ater. We are going to take care of them, and we are going to take care of everyone else who is relying on us, this caucus, to fulfill the promise we made, get the economy back on track, and start winning more than losing against our international competition. I am completely convinced that the bill that is going to be before us over the end of this week is going to do just that. Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
DACA Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to speak about the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program, known as DACA. DACA, an Executive order of President Obama, provided temporary, renewable legal status for immigrant students if they registered with the government, paid a filing fee of $500, passed a criminal and national security background check. About 780,000 young people stepped for-ward and did something they had been warned their entire lives never to do. Their parents knew they were undocu-mented. They knew that they had been brought to this country at an early age. They knew that they weren’t tech-nically legal, and their parents had warned them: Stay away from cops and government. All that can happen is that they will discover you are undocu-mented and deport you and maybe your family as well. Be careful. So President Obama stepped up and said: If you will step forward, tell us who you are, and let us do a back-ground check on you, we are going to give you a chance—a chance to earn your way to legal status in America— and 780,000 young people took that chance and signed up for DACA. Just this last Monday I was up in New York City, and I went to Hunter College, which is part of the City Uni-versity of New York, and there were about five young people on a forum with me to discuss this bill and the issue of Dreamers and immigration. It was interesting because each one of them—bright students, impressive young people—before they would say anything, they would introduce them-selves by saying something like ‘‘My name is Isadora, and I have 465 days.’’ And the next one would say, ‘‘My name is Evelyn, and I have 270 days.’’ They were telling me how much time they had left, protected, to continue on as students. They know that President Trump’s decision on September 5 to abolish DACA means that their protection is going to end as of March 5 next year, and then they face some terrible possi-bilities. The first is deportation. These people have turned themselves in. They have stepped up and identified them-selves to our government with the be-lief that our government would not hold it against them, and now they worry that has changed. They are wor-ried about what will happen to their family because they had the courage to come up and sign up for this program. These are very real, lifetime problems and challenges these young people face. If you look through the list of those who could be affected if DACA dis-appears, as President Trump has called for on March 5, there are some heart-breaking stories. Do you know there are 900 DACA-protected young people who have volunteered and now serve in the U.S. military? That is right. Even though they are undocumented because of DACA, they were allowed to sign up for a program known as MAVNI, which is a specialized program for those who have talents that are needed in our military, and they literally signed up. Think of that for a moment. Here they are, illegal in America, undocumented in America, willing to risk their lives for America. Why? Because it is the only country they know. They have lived their whole lives here. They have gone to school here. They have pledged allegiance to that flag every day in the classroom. That was their flag, their national anthem, their country. But because they were brought here as chil-dren, toddlers, infants, necessary pa-pers were not filed. They have no legal status in this country. Well, I hope we can change that. When I asked President Obama to create this program by Executive order, he waited and worked for a year before he came up with it, and I thought it was a good program. It was controversial, but at least for these young people, it gave them a tem-porary renewable status, and that made all the difference in the world. When Attorney General Sessions an-nounced the end of DACA on Sep-tember 5, the President challenged us. He challenged the Senate and the House of Representatives. He said: Do something about this. Pass a law. Take care of this problem. I think DACA was legal, but I am not going to argue that point anymore. The new President does not, but I ac-cept his challenge, and I think we all should. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.013 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7377 November 29, 2017 
What can we do that is fair to these young people and gives them the chance they are asking for that is con-sistent with a good immigration policy for America? That is why, years ago, I introduced the DREAM Act and why I still believe it is the right approach. The notion behind it, of course, is if you were brought here as a child, you have no criminal record of any serious nature, you have completed your edu-cation, you have a chance to earn your way into legal status and then ulti-mately into citizenship, and that is what we are working on now. A number of us are getting together and talking about it on a bipartisan basis, and we have little time left. This has to be done this year, before the end of December. Why do I say that if the program expires in March of next year? Well, because I have been around the Senate for a few years, and I know in January and February there is little, if any, heavy lifting. There are few bills that have to pass, and we tend to put things off. So far this year, we really wouldn’t get gold stars for our per-formance on the floor of the Senate in generating legislation and that is why I want to get that done—the whole Dream Act and DACA done—in the month of December before we leave. If we don’t do it, if we fail—and I pray that we won’t—but if we fail, as of March 5 of next year, 1,000 of these young people will lose their protection under the law every single day for 2 years—1,000 a day. I mentioned those serving in the military. There are 20,000 under DACA who are teachers. As of March 5 next year, they will lose their jobs. School districts all around America will have to fill those vacancies because the teachers can no longer legally work for the school districts, and there are many others who face that as well. We have almost 90 percent who are en-gaged in some type of job. Many are students who work because they, as un-documented students, don’t qualify for Federal assistance. So they hold down jobs to pay for their college education. I have met them. Some of them break down in tears and say: Senator, I am so close to graduating, but what’s the point if I am going to be deported the day after? What’s the point? That is what we are up against, and that is what we face. What we need to do is take a look at the real-life sto-ries. I want to introduce to you a person who is a friend of mine. He is an amaz-ing person. This is Cesar Montelongo, as shown in this picture. Cesar was 10 years old when his family brought him here from Mexico. He grew up in New Mexico, where his academic achieve-ment was quickly recognized. He grad-uated from high school with a grade point average above 4.0. He was ranked third in his class. He was a member of the Chess, French, Spanish, Physics, and Science Clubs. He even took col-lege classes during the last 2 years of high school. Cesar went on to New Mexico State University, where he had a triple major in biology, microbiology, and Spanish, as well as two minors in chemistry and biochemistry. He is one smart fellow. He graduated with distinction in the honors track with a 3.9 GPA. He then earned a master’s degree in biology. He earned a master’s degree in biol-ogy because his dream was to go to medical school. But before DACA, it was impossible. He could not apply for medical school. The medical schools of America were not accepting the stu-dents who were undocumented. He knew if he went to medical school any-where and didn’t have a legal right to work, he couldn’t complete a residency at the end of medical school. So he got a master’s degree in biology and a minor in molecular biology and worked as a teaching assistant. Then DACA came along. Today, Cesar is the first DACA student who is enrolled in the MD-PhD program at Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine. He is entering his third year of this highly competitive program. They accept only a handful for an MD-PhD. On completion, he will receive a medical degree and a doc-torate degree in science. He is one of more than 30 DACA recipients at this medical school, which I am so proud of, in Chicago. It was, in fact, the first medical school to admit students with DACA status, beginning in 2014. DACA students don’t get special treatment—no quotas. They have to compete. But amazingly bright, young people like Cesar were just waiting for a chance to compete. In order to finish their education at this medical school, they borrow from the State of Illinois government, which gives them a loan for their medical education. For every year that they are given a loan, they pledge to serve 1 year as medical doctors in an under-served area of our State. It is a win-win situation. He is now doing amazing research. He is researching how bladder viruses shape bacteria populations and the po-tential implications for urinary infec-tions and disease. He is a member of the pathology medical group. He is a Spanish inter-preter at the local clinic, and a mentor to other medical students. I asked Cesar: What drew you to med-icine? Here is what he said: 
When I was very young, my father became ill and then was bedridden for months. He was the primary breadwinner and I saw him as our protector. Watching him immobilized and screaming in pain had a huge impact on me. Years later we would find out that my father suffered from diabetic myopathy and neuropathy. Learning that both his illness and our family’s suffering could have been prevented by education and relatively inex-pensive medication was heartbreaking. But at the same time, it made me realize the po-tential of medicine. 
What is Cesar’s dream for the future? To become a practicing physician and a scientist and to develop new and im-proved clinical diagnostic tools so that doctors can diagnose and treat diseases better. Close to 70 Dreamers are enrolled in medical schools around the United States. Why is DACA important to him? Any student like him who is in a medical school today and wants to go on to a residency has to be able to work. Residents work long hours in hospitals while they are learning. If he didn’t have DACA, he wouldn’t have legal permission or legal authority to work in this country. No medical school will accept him for a residency unless he has that DACA protection. Why in the world would we let this young man’s vigorous pursuit of edu-cation and brilliance be wasted? We need him. We need him in Chicago. We need him in Illinois. We need him in America—and many others just like him. The Association of American Medical Colleges reports that the Nation’s doc-tor shortage will rise to 40,000 and even to 105,000 by the year 2030. Both the AMA and the Association of American Medical Colleges have warned that end-ing DACA will hurt when it comes to this physician shortage. They want Congress to do something. Listen to what the AMA says: Estimates have shown that the DACA ini-tiative could help introduce 5,400 previously ineligible physicians into the U.S. healthcare system in the coming decades to help address [physician] shortages and en-sure patient access to care. . . . Removing those with DACA status will create care shortages for rural and underserved areas. . . . Without these physicians, the AMA is concerned that the quality of care provided in these communities will be negatively im-pacted. 
I know the Presiding Officer is from the State of North Carolina. In my State of Illinois, we have some great big cities, and we have some great small towns. Many of the best small towns and rural areas from my end of the State are desperate to make sure they have good doctors at their local hospitals and people available in the community. We can’t afford to lose Cesar. We can’t afford to lose the thousands of others the AMA tells us are poised to become doctors and to fill our need across America. This aging population of our country is going to need doctors and nurses and physical therapists more than ever. If these young people can answer that call, they will not only be serving our Nation, but they will be serving their own goals to be part of our Nation’s future. Now it is up to us. We are supposed to leave here in a matter of days. That means those of us who are serious about this issue have to do something meaningful and important, and do it quickly. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I thank my colleagues who are on the Senate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.014 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7378 November 29, 2017 
Finance Committee and the Senate Budget Committee for getting us to the point we are at today. I think we are approaching a vote to move to a full debate on the tax bill, which is abso-lutely amendable with every idea that has anything to do with taxes and rais-ing money, so people will have every right to be heard. It has been a process that has gone on for a long time. But what we have seen happen over the last three dec-ades—after an incredible effort in 1986 to simplify the Tax Code, to bring it up-to-date and make it competitive, what we have seen is a tax code that gradually has become more and more complicated. There are too many loopholes that don’t seem to be fair to everyone in-volved. Sometimes, it is not as much the tax rate you are paying, as your understanding that somebody else has figured out—in a competitive business or not even the same business—how to find that tax loophole, which meant they weren’t paying their fair share of taxes. Our Tax Code depends on a sense of fairness. It depends on a sense of eq-uity. The out-of-date Tax Code means that some of the rates—particularly in international competition that might have been just fine 30 years ago—sim-ply aren’t fine today. Other countries have continued to reduce their taxes. They understand, as many of our States do in this country, that a tax policy that works means an economy that grows. Many of our competitors have figured that out. Right now, we have a chance to join them and figure it out as well. There is a chance here to make a generational change that will last, I would hope, at least for a generation, as the structure. We can do that by lowering corporate rates. In 1986, 35 percent was kind of in the middle of the countries we compete with. In 2017, it is at the very top of the tax struc-ture of the countries we compete with. Even though they are well below us now in terms of the tax burden they put on companies that compete with us, they are lowering their corporate rate already. Even the middle will soon be the top, as it turned out to be in the last three decades. At least this gets us back to the middle. We will shift to a territorial system where, if you make money in another country, there is no penalty to bring it back here. There is no doubt that we will bring hundreds of billions of dol-lars back to the U.S. economy if we pass this bill. Some of the estimates say that we may bring $2 trillion back. We have had a stimulus plan in the past decade in which every family got $100 or something like that and thought that was a big stimulus. So a $1 trillion stimulus or $2 trillion stim-ulus is unbelievable. That money has been sitting someplace else; companies have wanted to invest it here but weren’t going to bring it back under the old tax system. If they had brought it back, their shareholders would prob-ably have removed them from leader-ship in the company because it simply would not have been good business. It will be good business to bring that money back if we pass this bill. We are also going to allow immediate expensing that says: I am going to spend the money now and get credit for it now. Those kinds of things grow the economy. It will make us more com-petitive worldwide. It will grow invest-ments. When those two things happen, higher paying jobs have always fol-lowed and will follow here. We have been stuck for 8 or 9 years now with no growth in family income for hard-working families. The way to change that, No. 1, is to take some of the tax burden away right now, and we are doing that in this bill. But, No. 2, we need to be sure we create more com-petition for the hard work and skills that workers take to the workplace every day. We know that growth stemming from tax reform will have a positive impact on voters, and they will see a share of what is happening in the economy that, frankly, they haven’t seen in the past. Families in your State and fami-lies in my State need this kind of op-portunity, and job creators need this kind of relief. Just last month, the Council of Eco-nomic Advisers estimated that the av-erage household income would increase by $4,000 annually, based on reducing the corporate rate to 20 percent. The economy, of course, will grow in re-sponse to that. Another study by a Harvard professor and former Reagan adviser, Martin Feldstein, found a 20-percent corporate tax rate would deliver a wage boost of about $3,500. So whether it is $3,500 by one estimate or $4,000 by another esti-mate, that makes a real difference to families who haven’t seen an increase in their pay in a long time. This bill is supported by a majority of small businesses—the real engine that drives the economy. There is a section called 179 expensing. Any time you start talking like a CPA, you are in trouble. But that 179 expensing for small- and medium-size businesses, family farms, and others, lets you ex-pense immediately when you have added to investment—when you have bought a piece of farm equipment, something like that. All of that is en-hanced in this bill. I don’t think accounting is the most exciting thing to talk about in the world, but this allows for the kinds of accounting measures that businesses say they need to really simplify how they report and how they do business. And that is right here. There are some specific Missouri ex-amples, just as there are in every one of our States. Jim Sheldon owns a busi-ness called DT Engineering, which is a manufacturing company in Lebanon, MO. They produce industrial automa-tion systems. When Jim was inter-viewed by the National Association of Manufacturers and asked what tax re-form would mean to his company in terms of investment, hiring, and grow-ing his business, he said: 
More business! Bringing work back to the [United States] will increase order rates, in-ventory, and development. This will create growth for DT Engineering. 
Jim also said that benefits from tax reform will allow him to ‘‘reinvest to reinvent.’’ Spending more money in what they are doing and figuring out ways to do it better is how to compete. Mike DeCola, who owns a business called HBM Holdings in St. Louis, was interviewed by NAM. Remember, this is the National Association of Manu-facturers; these are people who make things, and any time we get into that economy and strengthen that economy, we strengthen take-home pay. But he was interviewed by NAM. He was asked what this tax reform would mean to his business, and he said: ‘‘Tax reform will unleash investment not just for us, but for our customers.’’ That is where his quote ends, but that is a really impor-tant point to understand. When every-body is doing better, whatever you are doing is likely to get better as well. Not only does the business get better for you, but, suddenly, the people to whom you sell things are more inter-ested in also innovating, investing, and improving. The Senate bill also recognizes a cou-ple of tools that really help us go in and revitalize areas that are not doing so well. One is called new market tax credits. New market tax credits have provided an effective incentive for the private sector to invest in communities outside the economic mainstream. These are usually communities that al-ready have the water system, the elec-trical system, the sewer system, and the sidewalks, but they have buildings that no longer serve the purpose they used to serve, and the new market tax credits look at those buildings and other areas. In our State of Missouri, the new market tax credits have financed a sauce manufacturer in Hazelwood; a heating system manufacturer in Cuba, MO; a plumbing fixture manufacturer in Kansas City; a training center for sheet metal workers in St. Louis; the first grocery store in more than a gen-eration in Pagedale, MO; and a lot more things beyond that. This bill rec-ognizes that. It also acknowledges the importance of historic tax credits. I was talking with Patt Lilly from St. Joseph about that. He made the point that St. Jo-seph is an older community, a historic community. The western movement and the wagon trains outfitted there 150 and 175 years ago. The Pony Ex-press started there. The stockyards thrived after the Civil War. Those old buildings—many magnifi-cent buildings—didn’t have the kind of uses they used to have, but over the past 10 years, historic tax credits have leveraged almost $100 million in rede-velopment in those older buildings. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.016 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7379 November 29, 2017 
Housing developed there. Businesses developed there. They restored and re-vitalized distressed areas of the city. A recent example is the restoration of the German American Building by Mosaic Life Care in the St. Joseph downtown area. That is a building that wouldn’t have been able to be saved without some special assistance, which was made available because of historic tax credits. Again, not only was the historic building saved, but all of the services that were already there and served that building that wasn’t being used now serve a building that is being used, and they don’t have to be re-placed. The bottom line is that this is a bill that will create a better future for American families and a better future for American jobs. This is an oppor-tunity to do something that is hard to do, and it only gets done once every 25 to 30 years. This is the moment. It is time to do this. We will have a debate on the floor that allows everybody to make every reasonable amendment. I don’t mean reasonable in that it might be reason-able to do it, but reasonable in that it deals with taxes and you figure out some way to pay for it. So you do something here, and you add some-thing there. That is what this debate will be. We have talked about this topic now for years and intensely for months. It is time to get this job done. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Michigan. 
f 
HEALTHCARE Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President. I ac-tually am going to speak for a moment about something other than the tax provisions, but I have to say, with my friend from Missouri on the floor—and I do mean my friend from Missouri— that we may not agree on the tax pro-visions, but we do agree on what I am going to be talking about today, which is community health centers and chil-dren’s health insurance. I am hopeful that, as the Senator was speaking about new market tax credits—which I support strongly—and historic preser-vations, they don’t get hurt in this process at all. I know there is work to do on this to make sure it doesn’t hap-pen, but I appreciate working very closely with my colleague and friend from Missouri on what I want to talk about today. I rise today to draw attention to the way the Senate majority is failing chil-dren and families in Michigan and all across the country. It now has been 60 days—nearly 2 months—since Repub-licans let funding expire for the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program and community health centers—60 days. It doesn’t have to be this way because we have bipartisan support to be able to continue the funding for both of these programs. We also can’t say that we haven’t had time. During these 60 days, Republican leadership has found time for us to work on plenty of other issues. They passed their budget. They have taken 75 floor votes. Republicans introduced their tax plan, which is now before us, and we are spending time this week on that. And, by the way, they rewrote their tax plan in a way that would cause 13 million people to lose their health insurance. The Senate has con-sidered 24 nominees, but Republicans haven’t taken any action to ensure that the 9 million children who have health insurance from the Children’s Health Insurance Program can con-tinue to get medical care, even though we have bipartisan support. In the middle of all of the division going on right now on the floor, we could bring something to the floor that would have bipartisan support and do the right thing for families and for children and make sure that we are taking away the anxiety that families are feeling now across the country about what is going to happen. There are 9 million children right now at risk because of inaction. CHIP provides children from low- and moderate-income working families with affordable healthcare. These are families who are working. They don’t qualify for other kinds of help. These are working families who sometimes have one job, sometimes two jobs, or part-time jobs, and they trying to hold it together. They want to be able to take their child to the doctor. They want the peace of mind that comes from knowing that if their child gets hurt or if they get sick, they can take them to a doctor. In addition, the Senate majority hasn’t taken any action on another very important community healthcare program to ensure that 25 million peo-ple who count on community health centers will continue to have a place to go when they get hurt, when they get sick, to take their child, and to take their parents. Included among those 25 million pa-tients are 300,000 of our veterans— 300,000 veterans—and 7.5 million chil-dren that rely on health centers in our communities. I have often said that healthcare is personal not political. There is nothing more personal than waking up in the middle of the night because your child is crying and they are sick. There is nothing more personal than worrying about whether you are going to be able to get them the care they need. There is nothing more personal than wanting to know that you have a healthcare provider in your community who can help you or a family member manage your chronic conditions—high blood pressure, diabetes, and other things—so that you don’t find yourself getting sicker and sicker and sicker. Healthcare is personal not political, and each one of these 9 million children and 25 million Americans are being per-sonally let down by this inaction. As I indicated before, it doesn’t have to be this way. We can take action today. We have bipartisan support right now, and bipartisan cosponsor-ship right now. We could stop the divi-sive debate and take a moment to do something really important for fami-lies and children before the holiday season. Right now we can ensure that families and children know that the Children’s Health Insurance Program will continue in the new year and that they are going to be able to go to their community health center and get the care they need for themselves and their families. I was really proud of the fact that Senator HATCH , our distinguished chairman of the Finance Committee, and Senator W
YDEN , our distinguished ranking member, and all of us on the Committee came together to put to-gether a bipartisan Children’s Health Insurance Program extension for 5 years. It came out of Committee with only one Senator voting no. I was hoping that it was going to get done right away. Why wouldn’t it? It is something that could sail through here. In addition to that, 70 Members of this body, led by Senator B
LUNT and myself, have signed a letter of support for continuing funding for community health centers. Now, Senator B
LUNT  and I have put in bipartisan legislation with eight other Democrats and 8 other Republicans to extend funding for 5 years. I know if this came up on the floor, we could get this done today and ease the worries of families that are begin-ning to get notices across the country that the health insurance for them-selves and their children is going to run out. These programs have long had strong bipartisan support. Why can’t we get the action on this that these families and children deserve? Instead, families continue to wait every day—60 days. I truly thought back in September that this was something that would be enough of a priority that it could get done amidst all the other things that have been brought to the floor of the Senate. But now the clock ticks every day—every day. This is wrong. We need to put these children and these families first. We might be 60 days late, but there is no reason we can’t act today or tomor-row—before the end of the week—to make these children and families a top priority. Before CHIP, too many hard-working families in Michigan couldn’t afford to take their children to the doctor. Today, 100,000 children are covered by MIChild, which is what we call our Children’s Health Insurance Program— 100,000 children. With all the efforts to provide afford-able healthcare that are going on in Michigan right now—successful ef-forts—97 percent of the children in Michigan today can now see a doctor— 97 percent. They are, at the moment, not having to go to an emergency room and wait hours and hours and hours or have their parents try to figure out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.017 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7380 November 29, 2017 
what they can do to help them when they get sick. So 97 percent of our chil-dren can now see a doctor, and that is the highest level ever, and we should be proud of that. That is a good thing. Yet, unless Congress acts soon, MIChild will begin running out of fund-ing as early as January, which is not very far away. Happy New Year. Lose your health insurance. January will also be a bad month for Michigan’s community health centers. Nearly 20,000 people will lose access to healthcare. Some 20,000 people in Michigan who now are able to go to a community health center would see that access to healthcare go away, with thousands more dropped each month. Last year, Michigan’s community health centers treated more than 680,000 patients—680,000 people—includ-ing 12,710 of our veterans. They diag-nosed coronary artery disease in more than 21,000 people. Nearly 34,000 Michi-gan residents were diagnosed with asthma and began to get help. Nearly 140,000 people were diagnosed with dia-betes and could get help. All of those health conditions can be managed—we know that—if you have access to a doc-tor, to nurses, and to medications. You can manage those kinds of chronic dis-eases. However, they can be deadly if they are undiagnosed and untreated. Just ask William. He didn’t have a regular doctor after moving to Jack-son, MI, from Chicago, but one morn-ing he knew he needed one. He woke up feeling light-headed. So he went to the Center for Family Health, a great facil-ity. They discovered that William’s blood pressure was high—so high, in fact, that he was in danger of having a heart attack or a stroke. It took about a year for William’s doctors to find the right combination of medications to control his blood pressure, but they were able to do that. He has been get-ting his care at the Center for Family Health ever since. They literally saved his life. Emily from Rochester Hills has her own story about the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Emily’s dad was laid off from two separate jobs within 3 years at a time when her mom was working a part-time job that didn’t provide insurance. That is a very com-mon story for a lot of hard-working folks in Michigan as well as across the country. Thankfully, Emily and her brothers and sisters had health insur-ance through MIChild. It covered their scoliosis, asthma, a seizure disorder, and typical children’s health insurance issues like bronchitis and broken bones. Emily’s words are: 
The Children’s Health Insurance Program was a lifesaver for my siblings and me. . . . I can’t imagine the stress that my parents dealt with during that time and how we would have survived so well without the pro-gram. 
Emily and William know CHIP and community health centers make life-saving differences for people in Michi-gan as well as across the country. We are 60 days late, but there is no time like the present to get this done. We are 60 days late, but we don’t have to make it 61. Our children and our families should be put at the top of the list for action, not at the bottom. It is time to make things right for the 9 million children who rely on the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program and the 25 million people who use commu-nity health centers. We shouldn’t let one more day go by without acting. We can do this now. There is bipartisan support to get this done, and our children and our families deserve to have this done as quickly as possible. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. f 
TAX REFORM Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I know I don’t need to tell anybody that Amer-ican families have had a tough time in recent years. Weak economic growth, stagnant wages, and a lack of opportu-nities have left many Americans strug-gling just to get by. To put a fine point on that, during the entire years of the Obama Presi-dency, there wasn’t a single year wherein the growth rate and the econ-omy exceeded 3 percent. If we go back to the end of World War II, average economic growth in this country has averaged somewhere in the 3 to 3.5 per-cent range. So in the entire 8 years of the Obama Presidency, there was not a single year—not one year—where eco-nomic growth exceeded 3 percent. What did that mean for American workers? It meant that their wages stayed flat. In many cases, up until just recently, American families haven’t had a pay raise for the better part of a decade as a result. It has been a sluggish, anemic, slow-growth econ-omy that wasn’t creating the kind of good-paying jobs or the wage levels that enabled American families to ben-efit from increasing incomes. A recent survey found that 50 percent of Americans consider themselves to be living paycheck to paycheck. That makes perfect sense if we look at the economic statistics, economic record of the past 8 years. About one-third of those same Americans say they are just $400 away from a financial crisis. Real help is on the way. This week, we will bring the Senate version of comprehensive tax reform to the Sen-ate floor. The legislation we have pro-duced will provide immediate, direct relief to hard-working Americans, but that is not what we are hearing from Democrats. Here is what we are hear-ing Democrats say about the Senate plan—and I will just contrast that with the facts, what is really true. Here is what we have heard: The Republicans have somehow drafted this secret tax plan behind closed doors and are forc-ing it through the voting process much too fast. No doubt we have heard this as well: The Senate tax bill raises taxes on lower and middle-income, middle-class Americans while cutting taxes for the rich. Here is an interesting attack that is coming from my colleagues on the other side as well who have, in the past, not been considered budget hawks: The Senate tax bill somehow is a budget buster that irresponsibly in-creases the deficit. First off, let me address that ques-tion. The answer to the deficit question is that this is a $5.5 trillion tax cut. Seventy percent of the tax cut is paid for by ending loopholes and special ex-emptions in the Tax Code today—what we call base broadeners—broadening the base by doing away with some of the preferences that exist in the code today. The Joint Committee on Taxation says that with a static score, we will have about a $1.4 trillion delta to cover. Assuming that we use current tax policy—and we normally do extend current tax policy—we believe the re-maining cost of the tax cut will be cov-ered through increased economic growth. What does that mean? What kind of growth do we have to achieve in the economy in order to have the kind of growth that would enable this tax re-lief above and beyond what we have done in terms of base broadeners and pay-fors to be covered? Just to put it in perspective, the Con-gressional Budget Office is assuming and forecasting 1.8 percent growth over the next 10 years. Again, as I men-tioned earlier, we didn’t have good growth over the last 8 years in the Obama administration. We were aver-aging 1.5 to 2 percent growth. The Con-gressional Budget Office is forecasting currently 1.8 percent growth for the next 10 years. Well, I can’t believe that growth rate would be acceptable to people in this country—the greatest economy on the face of the Earth growing at less than 2 percent a year. That cannot be the new normal. We have to do better than that. If we get just 2.2 to 2.4 percent growth with this bill, we will have cov-ered the remaining cost of the tax cut. The amount I pointed out earlier is not covered in terms of base broadeners and pay-fors and offsets, but it assumes a certain reasonable amount of growth—just the growth necessary to cover the cost of that tax cut—which is 2.2 to 2.4 percent. Again, to put it in perspective, going back to the end of World War II, the economy in this country has averaged 3 to 3.5 percent growth. It is only in the last decade, where we have had heavy taxes and heavy regulations and policies that have created conditions that are not favorable for that kind of growth, where we have gotten stuck with this malaise of 1.5 to 2 percent. So if we can just get 2.2 to 2.4 percent growth in the economy, we will cover the remaining cost of this tax cut. In reality, when my colleagues on the other side of the aisle say that this is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.018 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7381 November 29, 2017 
going to add to the deficit, they are saying our country cannot grow at 2.2 to 2.4 percent a year over the next 10 years. They have gotten used to the low, slow, sluggish, anemic growth and have accepted that as the new normal. I don’t accept that as the new nor-mal, and the American people shouldn’t accept that as the new nor-mal because we are selling our coun-try—the greatest economy in the world—woefully short when we find it satisfactory that the economy can grow at less than 2 percent. As I said, since World War II, we have averaged over 3 percent growth. After such a long period of stagnant growth, I understand how my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle are resigned to accept this as the new normal, but I think I can speak for all of our Republican colleagues here when I say we can do much better than we did during the Obama years. We can and we will grow at a faster rate on ac-count of this tax reform bill. Why? Be-cause when you reduce taxes, you allow people to keep more of what they have earned. Instead of growing the govern-ment in Washington, DC, you start growing the economy. When you reduce taxes on businesses, those businesses invest. They expand their operations. When they expand their operations, it means they have to hire new people. The demand for labor raises the price of labor. Wages go up. Paychecks get bigger. That is what happens. It also means the government gen-erates more revenue. When the econ-omy is growing at a faster rate, people are working, paying taxes; people who have invested are taking their realiza-tions, and that raises tax revenues in this country. We can and will grow at a faster rate if we can put the right economic poli-cies in place, starting with this tax re-form bill. We can create those new, good-paying jobs, keep existing jobs from moving overseas, and we can see wages in this country go up and finally give Americans a much needed break in their paychecks. We can get the econ-omy growing again and generate enough revenue to cover the remaining 30 percent cost of this tax reform bill. This bill has been put together after many years of hearings and work. Democrats argue that this was some-how cooked up in a short amount of time. I joined the Senate Finance Com-mittee in 2011. Since I have been on the committee, we have had 70-plus hear-ings on tax reform. Two years ago, in 2015, the chairman of that committee, Senator H
ATCH , created a number of working groups to examine various as-pects of the Tax Code. I had the privi-lege of chairing one of those groups along with Senator C
ARDIN , a Demo-crat on the other side of the aisle. We looked at and examined the business part of the Tax Code to try and deter-mine what sorts of recommendations we could make that would get the economy growing at a faster rate and generate better paying jobs. There were five groups like that, all of which made recommendations, much of which formed the basis for the tax bill we are considering today. We have been working on this for years to get to where we are today. It has involved a lot of thought, a lot of analysis, a lot of work has gone into the legislation that we will be voting on later this week. We made a focus of this tax reform legislation delivering meaningful tax relief to middle-income families who we believe know better how to spend their money than the Federal Govern-ment here in Washington, DC. If we can make American families’ paychecks bigger, they can decide what they want to do to help themselves and their fam-ilies, such as save for college edu-cation, perhaps save for a more secure retirement, or take care of the daily needs they have in their lives. The fun-damental premise is, we trust the American people to make those deci-sions. We believe, after the last decade of stagnant wages and a slow and sluggish economy, that they deserve a pay raise, that they deserve to have a big-ger paycheck than they do today. So reducing tax rates, doubling the stand-ard deduction, doubling the child tax credit, which are all features of the Senate bill—all benefits of this Senate bill—are things that will help allow these families to keep more of what they earn. The average family in this country, under this legislation that we will con-sider—when I say ‘‘average family,’’ a typical family of four—with a com-bined annual income of $73,000, will re-ceive a $2,200 tax cut as a result of this tax legislation. That is a 60-percent tax cut over what they are paying today under current law. So if we look at the way this impacts middle-income families in this coun-try, doubling the standard deduction, doubling the child tax credit, and low-ering rates are all policies that will inure to the benefit of middle-income families in this country. We believe middle-income families deserve to keep more of what they own. They deserve bigger paychecks. This tax bill will do that for them, in addition to creating the growth in the economy that we need to see if we are going to get those better paying jobs generated and get wages back up to where American fam-ilies are enjoying a higher standard of living and a higher quality of life than what they have today. We need to get back to normal. We need to get back to 3, 3.5 percent growth. We can do that with the right policies, and it starts by passing the kind of tax reform we have before us today that will lower rates on busi-nesses, lower rates on families, double that standard deduction, double that child tax credit, and allow American families and American workers to get the benefit of keeping more of their paychecks, more of their hard-earned money in their own pockets, and the benefit of higher wages that will com-pliment a stronger, more robust econ-omy that is growing at a faster rate than what it is today. That is what is at stake in the dis-cussion over tax reform. I hope, before the week is out, we will get the votes that are necessary to pass this and then go to conference with the House of Representatives, which has already passed their version of tax reform, and then put a bill on the President’s desk that he can sign into law before the end of this year that moves us in a di-rection that provides meaningful tax relief for middle-income families in this country, as well as creates condi-tions that are favorable to that eco-nomic growth that will create better paying jobs and higher wages. The American people deserve better than 1.5 percent growth. They deserve a pay raise, not a pay cut, and that is what this tax reform bill will help ac-complish. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I am here to discuss the tax bill, what we have done before, and what we have now in front of us. That is not what the American people want. It is what large corporations want—large, multi-national corporations that get their corporate tax rate cut from 35 to 20 percent. It is what the well-to-do want. That is what is before us. Now, let me explain. Anyone who says that this bill is all for the middle class is not giving the full story. What they are not telling you is that the tax cuts for the middle class expire in 7 or 8 years. That is not what is being told. Folks are not telling you that this bill will put small businesses at a com-petitive disadvantage, making it easier for large, multinational corporations to crush local small businesses. I say this as a Senator from Florida, since small business is the economic back-bone of our State, not the large multi-national corporations. What people are not telling you is that this bill will cause healthcare pre-miums to go up by 10 percent and will force 13 million people to lose their health insurance, and that is according to an independent analysis by CBO, the Congressional Budget Office. Folks are not telling you that this bill will send thousands of jobs—Amer-ican jobs—overseas. It is not a jobs bill; it is a bill that is going to send jobs overseas because the tax rate for in-come produced overseas for large, mul-tinational corporations is going to be less than the tax rate for those same corporations producing the income in America. This is exactly what is in the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.020 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7382 November 29, 2017 
They are not telling you all the other ways that CBO says this bill will hurt ordinary Americans. For example, be-ginning in 2019, CBO says anyone mak-ing under $30,000 a year will take a hit from this bill if it becomes law. Then, in 2021, anyone making under $40,000 will start to feel the pinch. Finally, in 2027, anyone making under $75,000 is ac-tually going get a tax increase. That is what folks are not telling you, but that is what is in print in the bill. All the while, the big, multinational corpora-tions and those at the economic top will continue to reap the benefits of tax cuts. This is not fooling; this is what the bill says. Once folks find out what is in this bill, there is going to be a day of reckoning. The question is, When are they going to find out? Are they going to wait until they see that everybody— in about 7 years—earning under $75,000 is actually getting a tax increase? What the bill needs is balance. This Senator is a member of the Fi-nance Committee. We tried to add bal-ance in the committee, but our Repub-lican colleagues insisted on voting down every Democratic amendment that was brought up, only making changes on the margin to say that they had gone through regular order. An amendment of this Senator’s to in-crease the child tax credit was voted down, 14 to 12. In the meantime, the real bill is being written in secret by one party, with a new iteration to change it com-ing out almost every other day. I wish I were kidding. In fact, it came out the week before Thanksgiving. On Monday, we started marking it up. A new version came out on Tuesday. A new version came out on Wednesday. Then, in the markup on Thursday before Thanksgiving week, lo and behold, there was a new version with a so- called managers’ amendment. The bill starts changing colors, with each new version trying to top the last in what it is doing to the middle class. This isn’t the way we should be doing the people’s business. We ought to be coming together to find a way to nego-tiate a tax bill that works for most Americans, not pit red States against blue States or make it harder for cities to invest in infrastructure. We shouldn’t have a tax bill that makes healthcare less affordable and takes healthcare away from 13 million people and, on top of all of this, that increases the national debt by almost $1.5 tril-lion on top of the $20 trillion of na-tional debt. What the American people want is for us to work together, to work on bi-partisan compromise, but what we have is the opposite of that. The Amer-ican people want the best way to en-sure a good outcome for the widest ma-jority of Americans. I daresay, if we put a tax bill on this floor in a bipar-tisan way, it would end up having 70 to 80 votes out of 100 Senators in a big, re-sounding, bipartisan vote, but that is not the course that has been chosen. I want to give one other example. Some Senators are being told that the health insurance part of this bill ends up raising rates by 10 percent and tak-ing health insurance away from 13 mil-lion Americans. They are saying that in a series of bills that this Senator has worked on in a bipartisan fashion, some of them being initiated in a bi-partisan way out of the HELP Com-mittee by Senator A
LEXANDER and Sen-ator M
URRAY —some are saying that those bills, including a bill that this Senator has cosponsored with Senator C
OLLINS to establish a reinsurance fund—and in some States, the use of it has lowered premiums by 20 percent— some say that all of those fixes to the Affordable Care Act will completely overshadow and take away the health insurance premiums that this tax bill has that CBO has said will raise pre-miums 10 percent. That argument has been made why some Republican Senators should vote for this tax bill, but, in fact, the Con-gressional Budget Office came out today with a letter saying that that is not true, that the rates on what is being done in this tax bill on health in-surance will still go up 10 percent al-most every year for the next 10 years. That is not this Senator saying that; that is in a letter of November 29 by the Congressional Budget Office. So how we ought to do it is the same way the last major tax bill was passed. It was way back in 1986. It was when Ronald Reagan was President and the Speaker of the House was Tip O’Neill. They were two old Irishmen who used to fight like the dickens. But they had a personal friendship. They had a per-sonal relationship. They could cut through all the political differences. When it was time to get things done, they could come to a bipartisan con-sensus. In 1986, they found a way to do it, and the middle class was the one that benefited. We know it can be done. It has been done before. This isn’t 1986; this is 2017. Things have changed. It has gotten a lot more partisan around here. It has gotten a lot more ideologically rigid. But when you are doing major tax bills that affect one-sixth of the American economy, isn’t it time to revert to what we did back in 1986 when we came together in bipartisan consensus? As long as there is a will, there is a way. And in the midst of this extreme, toxic atmosphere of high partisanship, what I hope is that we might find the will to cut through that and say: Indeed, there is a way, and it is a bipartisan way. We just need willing partners on both sides. I pray that will occur between now and Christmas before we do something we are going to regret, so that we can do something for the American econ-omy and so that we can do something for the American people, that they fi-nally say: This is the way I want our public servants to act. I want them to act in consensus building in a bipar-tisan or a nonpartisan way. I hope that will be our Christmas present. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I come to the floor to voice my very strong support for the tax reform legislation that will come before the U.S. Senate this week. This bill will power economic growth and provide great opportunities for American workers. It will lead to in-creased wages, and it will help our small businesses expand. I have said often on the Senate floor that small businesses in West Virginia comprise 95 percent of the businesses in West Vir-ginia and over 50 percent of the work-force. Small businesses want to thrive, and they want to expand. It will provide much needed tax relief for middle-class working families in my State and across the Nation, and for many in the working class, the in-crease in the standard deduction will lower rates and provide for a much simpler process. I have talked about this on the floor a lot. I think that one of the things that is underemphasized and not talked about in this great tax relief package is the simplification model that many Americans really want and deserve in the Tax Code. So let’s talk about our State of West Vir-ginia. In my State of West Virginia, 83 per-cent of individual tax filers take the standard deduction—83 percent. This bill will nearly double that deduction— from $6,300 to $12,000 for an individual and from $12,700 to $24,000 for married couples. That is for 83 percent of the filers in my State of West Virginia. For West Virginians who are already tak-ing the current standard deduction, this provision means less taxable in-come and lower tax bills—more money in their pockets at the end of the day that they have earned. Others who itemize will find that they are actually better off with the increased standard deduction. At tax time, they will make the determina-tion: Should I take the standard deduc-tion? I used to itemize in the past. They may make the determination: I am really better off taking the stand-ard deduction because it is almost dou-bling. That is what I am going to do. That means that they will benefit fi-nancially and avoid the complications that come along with itemizing. Families with children will benefit from the child tax credit that is dou-bled. This will provide real help to working families who are trying to af-ford education costs, pay rent or their mortgages, and simply make it to the end of the month. Whether they want to put money aside for their futures or they need money to get through the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.022 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7383 November 29, 2017 
tough child care or health costs, more money is a significant factor in a lot of people’s families. They are working hard, and they want and deserve more money. I was interested in an editorial that was in my local newspaper today, writ-ten in a negative way about this bill. It is funny, but it is not humorous. It ac-tually does not mention the 83 percent of West Virginia earners who are going to be having the benefits of this simply by doubling the standard deduction and by doubling the child tax credit. This bill also eliminates the Afford-able Care Act’s individual mandate, which is a penalty that mainly impacts the middle class. Let’s talk about this. In 2015, more than 34,000 West Vir-ginians were penalized under this man-date, and 81 percent of those people—81 percent of the 34,000 people—who were penalized with a tax penalty, because they could not afford to buy insurance or they chose not to, were assessed a tax penalty for that decision. That 81 percent earns under $50,000 a year. There has been a lot of misinforma-tion about this provision, so let me just clarify. No one is being forced off of Medicaid or a private health insur-ance plan by the elimination of the in-dividual mandate. By eliminating the individual mandate, we are simply stopping penalizing and taxing people who either cannot afford or decide not to buy health insurance plans. I, for one, want everyone to purchase and be able to purchase a health insurance plan, but that is a personal decision, at the end of the day, that a family makes. If you opt not to purchase, which I hope you would not, your gov-ernment shouldn’t be taxing you, and that is what has happened. Working families will also benefit from the higher wages and increased opportunity that this bill will create. The Tax Foundation found that this bill will create more than 4,900 jobs in the State of West Virginia. It doesn’t sound like much, I guess, to a larger State. Yet, to a small State, almost 5,000 jobs is significant. A typical mid-dle-class family in our State would see its after-tax income grow by over $1,900. Nationwide, this bill could cre-ate as many as 925,000 jobs in this anal-ysis, which is significant. These new jobs and higher wages result, in part, from lower tax rates and the shift to a territorial system. This will make America more com-petitive. We want our jobs to be com-petitive not just here but globally. I mean, let’s face it. We are in a global economy. Many of the companies, par-ticularly the larger companies that are employing over 30 percent of West Vir-ginia workers, are competing globally. If we can make it more competitive for those businesses to compete globally, that is going to mean higher wages, more jobs, and more products that will be made here in the United States with our American workers. Quite frankly, our current system is driving American companies and jobs overseas. The United States has the highest statutory corporate tax rate in the industrialized world. That drives behavior when you look at investing. After 30 years—30 years ago was the last time we modernized this—it is past time to modernize our business Tax Code and make America more competi-tive—hire more people, raise wages, buy more equipment, and invest more capital. We know by estimates—and some of these say they are conserv-ative—that there is more than $2 tril-lion—with a ‘‘t’’—in U.S. corporate earnings that is kept overseas. This tax reform package can bring those re-sources home, which will lead, again, to more jobs and higher wages here at home. It is important that communities across our country benefit from this growing economy. Half of our Nation’s job growth since 2010—almost 8 years ago—has occurred in only 2 percent of the counties across this country. I will add that none of those counties are in the State of West Virginia. That dem-onstrates to me the need to help lower income areas attract more jobs and in-vestment. That is why I am very glad to support this tax reform bill, because it includes a provision called the In-vesting in Opportunity Act that Sen-ator T
IMSCOTT, of South Carolina, in-troduced and that I was proud to co-sponsor. This bill is designed, as a part of this tax reform bill, to attract in-vestment into areas that have been left behind in our Nation’s economic recov-ery, including areas in my State of West Virginia that continue to strug-gle in the wake of the Obama adminis-tration’s anti-coal policies. Besides making the Tax Code more competitive and helping to create and attract investment in economically distressed areas, this bill will also help our small businesses. We know that small businesses are a major economic driver in our economy. As I said ear-lier, half of West Virginia’s workforce in the private sector is employed in small businesses, and this bill will pro-vide significantly needed tax relief to our small businesses. I have been traveling across the State, listening to those at small busi-ness roundtables, and talking to a lot of people. What I have heard is that small businesses are eager to take the tax relief they get and raise wages so that they can keep their good employ-ees. They want to pay them more. They want to hire additional workers so that they can expand their work or buy new equipment. I met with a com-munications company that wants to in-vest in more IT. These investments will have a positive effect on the econ-omy in local communities across the country—those that are not in that 2 percent that have had the growth over the last 8 years. I believe that this tax reform bill will help the Nation as a whole and the peo-ple I represent. I am excited to have this bill on the floor of the U.S. Senate this week. The Senate Finance Committee, of which the Presiding Officer is a terrific member and is from the neighboring State of Pennsylvania, has held over 70 hearings on tax reform and has put to-gether a very good piece of legislation. It has held over 70 hearings and an amendment process and has listened to many constituents and many individ-uals who will be impacted by this. The House has acted. President Trump stands ready to sign a tax reform meas-ure into law. What remains now is for the Senate to do its work—for us to do our work—and pass this legislation. Some Senators will have a choice. Soon, Senators will make a choice. We can accept the slow economic growth that has occurred over the past decade or we can take big and bold action. To my colleagues, I say, if you want to help the middle class benefit from tax cuts, higher wages, and more job opportunities, then you should vote for this bill. If you want America to be-come more competitive in the global economy, then you should vote for this bill. If you want small businesses to ex-pand and thrive, then you should vote for this bill. Our country needs this, and our constituents are demanding it. I call on my colleagues to join me in passing this bill on the Senate floor this week. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, for most of my time here in the U.S. Senate, I have been on the Senate Finance Com-mittee, which deals with our Tax Code. For most of my time in the House of Representatives, I served on the House Ways and Means Committee, which dealt with our Tax Code. Quite frankly, I thought that there were three guiding principles in regard to tax reform that both Democrats and Republicans felt were essential and that, really, I thought were beyond being controversial. That is, if we are going to have tax relief, the focus must be on the middle class; that in today’s economic circumstances, we would not want to have tax reform add to the def-icit; and that we need to use an open process—a bipartisan process—for tax reform so that we have the opportunity for all stakeholders to understand ex-actly what we are doing so that we don’t have any unintended con-sequences. As I look at the bill that is being brought to the floor by the Sen-ate Budget Committee, it violates all three of these basic principles. First, with regard to providing relief to middle-income taxpayers, the Joint Committee on Taxation has looked at this bill, and that is the objective scorekeeper. Some may not like what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.023 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7384 November 29, 2017 
they say, but we have to acknowledge that these are the objective numbers that look at exactly who benefits from the tax provisions. It is an interesting analysis that they do about those who are in the top income tax brackets, and we are using about half a million peo-ple. In 2019 this group of half a million people will receive $34 billion in tax re-lief—half a million taxpayers. In that same year, those taxpayers who have income under $50,000, which amounts to about 90 million taxpayers in this country or about 180 times the number of people, will receive about 30 percent of the amount of benefits, about $14 bil-lion in that year. That analysis does not take into consideration who bene-fits from the estate tax changes in the bill that is going to be brought before us. I must say that I doubt there are any taxpayers under $50,000 a year who would benefit from increasing the $4 million base that we currently have in our estate tax. The Joint Committee on Taxation did not include the impact of the repeal of the individual mandate for health coverage, which affects the funds going into health premium sup-port and Medicaid which, again, goes to lower income families. The figures I just provided are conservative figures. It is much more skewed toward higher income than even the committee’s analysis for 2019. Let me point out one more issue about this number. Year 2019 is the most favorable year for middle-income taxpayers. It gets worse every year thereafter. The bill is not targeted to-ward middle income. It is targeted to the wealthy. Look at some of the reasons. The es-tate tax repeal helps wealthy people. The alternative minimum tax—those in the highest incomes who are re-quired to pay some taxes—is repealed. There is the fact that the business tax relief is made permanent but the indi-vidual relief has a sunset and termi-nates after 8 years. So the Congressional Budget Office has told us exactly who will pay more taxes. This is interesting. In 2019, those at the lowest income tax brackets, or under $30,000, will actually pay more taxes. They are not getting a tax cut. If you look at 2021, 2 years later, those under $40,000 are going to pay more taxes. If you go all the way up to 2027, for those earning under $75,000, the ma-jority will pay more taxes. So as to this bill, which is being advertised by my Republican colleagues as benefit-ting all taxpayers, know that it doesn’t benefit all taxpayers. In my State, it is estimated that 800,000 Marylanders will pay more taxes under this bill in 2027. It particu-larly affects those in middle income who are going to be put at a disadvan-tage. The people who are protected are those at the high income level. To add one more complication to middle-in-come taxpayers, there is also not even a subtle attack on Medicaid, Medicare, and other programs that are important for middle-income families. Job train-ing programs dealing with education, et cetera, are all going to be jeopard-ized because of the way this bill is funded. On the first test, is this bill aimed at middle-income taxpayers? The answer is no. It fails. On the second test, are we financing this tax cut by increasing the debt, asking our children and grandchildren to pay for this tax cut? The answer is clearly yes. By its own admission, the budget instructions tell us that we are going to have a $1.5 trillion deficit as a result of this tax bill, and that is not the whole picture. We know there is at least $1.5 trillion of new debt if this bill becomes law, but as I am sure my col-leagues are aware, there are many pro-visions in this bill that have sunsets— that terminate—but it is anticipated that those sunsets will be extended. For example, in the business expensing or the credits for family medical leave, many people are advertising this as just a way of fitting a more expensive bill into a $1.5 trillion deficit and not making it larger, but in reality, when extending those extenders, we find that the deficit will be half a trillion dollars more. We are talking about a $2 trillion hole in the deficit. To make matters even worse, we have a trigger that is being recommended that is in the bill itself, but that trigger will extend more tax relief, not less. So this bill fails in the second basic test, and that is because it creates a major hole in the deficit. The third test is whether this is truly an open bipartisan process. Here no one can say with a straight face that the answer is yes. The majority, the Re-publicans, are using reconciliation, which is by definition a partisan proc-ess. There is no real opportunity for open debate or hearings or amend-ments. The amendments are all con-trived under the reconciliation restric-tions. Does anyone here believe that at the end of the day the majority leader is not going to offer a new bill at the eleventh hour with no time to debate, where we vote up or down, which will be the final product that we are being asked to approve? So on all three tests this bill coming out of the Budget Committee fails. But then it goes beyond that. There was a late addition in the Senate Finance Committee that repealed the indi-vidual mandate under the Affordable Care Act. Now, quite frankly, one would wonder how would that ever get put into a tax bill? Why would this be put into a tax bill? The Congressional Budget Office tells us that it will add 13 million Americans to the uninsured rolls by 2027. These 13 million individ-uals will not be able to get access to quality healthcare. If they run into a major health episode, they are going either to have to sell all of their assets or go into bankruptcy or be denied care. I think we should be concerned about those 13 million. In addition, these individuals who don’t have health insurance and don’t have a doc-tor end up in emergency rooms for care, which is more expensive. Guess who pays the bill? We all do. We pay for it through higher hospital rates. Those of us who have insurance and who pay our bills are going to be pay-ing for those who don’t pay their bills. So the fact that we are eliminating the individual mandate doesn’t just affect 13 million people. It does affect those 13 million, and it affects all of us who will be paying more through cost shift-ing. Quite frankly, what is really aggra-vating is that it is in the bill getting scored as a tax savings—as more rev-enue coming in. It is more revenue coming as we spend less on healthcare subsidies, less on Medicaid, and the bill spends that money. So we are using cuts to middle-income families in healthcare to finance permanent tax relief for businesses in this country. Where are our priorities? That makes no sense whatsoever. There are individual changes that are being recommended in this bill that are going to have very dire con-sequences. I will just mention one. I spent a good deal of my life in public office at the State level, and I believe very much in federalism. I believe that State legislators are trying to do what is right for their taxpayers as we are trying to do what is right for the same taxpayers. Federalism says that we re-spect each level of government, but by eliminating the State and local tax de-ductions, we are telling taxpayers that they have to pay taxes on taxes, that we don’t respect our State and local governments, and that you can no longer deduct your State taxes or local property taxes. Again, that is an insult to the Constitution and to federalism. It also, by the way, will hurt tax-payers. In my own State, almost 50 percent of Marylanders use the State and local tax deductions. If the Senate bill be-comes law, all of them will lose that ability to deduct State and local taxes on their Federal income tax returns. It will affect the ability of our States and local governments to finance the nec-essary functions of government, wheth-er it is to keep people safe or whether it is to provide schools for our children. I heard from people this last weekend from different charitable groups who told me that if the Senate bill becomes law, it will have a dramatic impact on private giving, because under the Sen-ate bill, only 5 percent of the taxpayers in this country will be able to get a tax deduction from charitable contribu-tions. Think about that for one mo-ment. We pride ourselves in the services that are provided by the private sector, services in healthcare, education, so-cial services, and the arts. All of that depends on the generosity of private givers. Yet we are saying that only 5 percent of the population in this coun-try will have any tax incentive to give charitable gifts. That will have a major 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.025 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7385 November 29, 2017 
negative impact on charitable con-tributions. Then, there is the value of the credit that we have out there for economic growth. I am very proud of the public- private partnerships we have in Mary-land. I am sure my colleagues are proud of those public-private partner-ships in Pennsylvania and in every State in this country, but the credits we give are going to be worth a lot less if the Senate bill becomes law, making it much more difficult to put together a venture that can redevelop vulner-able communities around our Nation. Let me just add one or two points be-fore yielding the floor. What I think we all want to accomplish in tax reform is to have a tax code that is simpler and is predictable. That is not happening with the bill that is being rec-ommended by the Budget Committee. So many provisions are temporary. It is a partisan process. It doesn’t sim-plify the Tax Code, and there certainly is not going to be predictability on pro-visions that have sunset termination dates. The final bill could even be much worse. As I said, the bill coming out of the Budget Committee that is getting all this attention is certainly not going to be the bill that we vote on at the end of the day—sometime, as I have been told. It could be as early as to-morrow. It is going to be a different bill. It is being negotiated now in closed sessions with Republicans meeting, trying to get their last couple of votes. We don’t know what the changes will be, but at the end of the day, we know we are going to be presented with a dif-ferent bill. But that is not going to be the final bill because then it will go to the House and there will be additional changes. There are measures in the House that have many of us upset, such as this: Are we not able to deduct med-ical expenses if we have an extraor-dinary need in the family? In the House bill you cannot deduct those expenses. Student loan interest costs cannot be deducted in the House bill. Are they going to end up in the final vote we are going to be called to vote upon in the Senate? One thing is clear. The bill is only going to get worse and get more expen-sive, and it is going to cause greater damage to an already too-large deficit. There is a better way. There is a bet-ter way, and that is true bipartisan-ship. Let’s come together and work to-gether. I am very proud of the work I have done here in my career in the Senate and the House. In the House I worked with then-Congressman P
ORTMAN , and the two of us worked together with stakeholders to change our retirement policies for retirement savings. We were able to get bills not only enacted but made permanent. Even though we didn’t have the political support of our leadership, we had the support of the American people, we had a bipartisan process, we used all of the stake-holders, and we came to good policy changes. More people have retirement savings as a result of those efforts. That is the type of effort we need to put on for tax reform—Democrats and Republicans working together so we can have a predictable tax code moving forward. There is a better way for job growth in this country. I heard my Republican friends say this bill will create up to a million jobs—$1.5 to $2 trillion creating 1 million jobs? We had a bill in the last Congress that we could revise immediately to take the repatriation funds—that is the corporate money that is locked overseas—and bring it back here. I will submit an amendment to the Senate Finance Committee to try to get this done. A couple hundred billion dollars could come back into this country. We could use that for infrastructure, which creates 4 to 5 million jobs for a fraction of the cost. We could do much better in job creation than spending this type of money for the type of jobs that are predicted. I started by saying I thought one of the guiding principles is to help mid-dle-class families. This bill doesn’t do it. Let’s join together, Democrats and Republicans, and do what is right for middle-income taxpayers in this coun-try. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from New York. Mrs. GILLIBRAND. Mr. President, I rise to speak about the tax plan we will be voting on tomorrow, likely in the middle of the night, and definitely without much needed debate, over-sight, and transparency, as it should have. I think everyone in this Chamber agrees we need to fix our tax system so it doesn’t create so much difficulty for the working families in our States. If this bill actually did that, it would be real reform, and it would be bipartisan. However, this plan does not seek any-thing close to the type of relief regular working people need. Instead, what it does is this: It pays back wealthy do-nors and lobbyists through corporate welfare, and it does this at the expense of the middle class. In other words, this is a blatant attempt to take millions of families’ hard-earned money and hand it over to rich corporations on the For-tune 500 list. If the Senate actually goes ahead and passes this bill, corporations and the wealthiest 1 percent of income earners will get massive and permanent tax cuts, and it will blow a $1.5 trillion hole into our deficit. Make no mistake, 3 months from now, Republican leader-ship will use that new, massive deficit as the reason to cut Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. Why are Republicans in Congress so determined to provide massive cor-porate welfare? Listen to this actual quote from one Republican Member of Congress, which will tell you every-thing you need to know about whom this tax plan is really for. He said: My donors are basically saying, ‘‘Get it done or don’t ever call me again.’’ This is Washington’s culture of soft corruption at its absolute worst. Now, somehow after years of talking about it, a massive tax bill has finally made its way to the Senate floor and, after all that talk, it doesn’t even help the middle class. It does the exact oppo-site. Here is one very simple example that sums it all up. This bill eliminates the deduction for local and State taxes, known as the SALT deduction, which so many Americans need to help them stay afloat. The SALT deduction pre-vents hard-working families from being double taxed on their income. It has long been our policy that when workers pay their State and local taxes, the IRS doesn’t tax them twice on the same income, but the Republican tax plan now repeals this. In effect, this plan would make it so you are taxed on everything you make and then you will be taxed again. Why? Because corpora-tions need a big tax break and to pay for the tax breaks for the richest Americans. In many cases, the SALT deduction makes it possible for families to afford to buy a home, which is usually a fam-ily’s largest asset, and it keeps the value of this investment growing. Eliminating the SALT deduction would hurt New Yorkers, and it would hurt millions of Americans. There is lit-erally no other way to spin it. When the details of this tax plan were released, we started hearing a lot of dredged up old talk about the sup-posed virtues of trickle-down econom-ics—the myth that if only corporations had more money, it would help Amer-ican families. Well, we have heard this one before, and let’s not be fooled again. Let’s take a look at the state of things right now. The biggest compa-nies in America are flush with cash, the stock market has never been high-er, but cities, towns, and rural areas all over my State have been hit hard over and over again by companies that have packed up and left for cheaper labor and fatter profits abroad. So then why would we reward them by giving them yet another tax cut they don’t need and will not go to their workers? President Trump’s top economic ad-viser recently asked a roomful of CEOs to raise their hands if this extra cash from the tax cut would get them to re-invest in their communities. No more than a handful of CEOs in the room raised their hand. I know a lot of peo-ple like to pretend otherwise, but is that really a surprise to anyone here? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.026 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7386 November 29, 2017 
In fact, several CEOs have said on the record that instead of hiring more workers or raising their pay, many companies will reward shareholders and not workers by increasing divi-dends or buying back their own shares. This plan could not be more mis-guided because we should be rewarding work, not shareholder value. Let me put it another way. Just yesterday, the Dow broke another record with a new alltime high, and I am sure many CEOs will get a massive bonus for that, but what I want to know is this: When the Dow broke that record, how many workers on factory floors in Pennsyl-vania or in New York saw their pay in-crease? How many workers in grocery stores saw their pay increase? How many families in your State were given big pay raises that reflected those his-toric profits? I think we all know the answer to that question. In our economy today, even as cor-porations are earning more money than ever before, there is essentially no benefit for families. The wealth does not trickle down, and this tax plan would make that problem even worse. This tax plan helps the wrong people. It helps the people and corporations that don’t need any extra help right now. It ignores the people who do. We need to start rewarding work in this country again, not doling out lavish tax cuts for giant companies. I can’t say this clearly enough to New Yorkers and to hard-working Americans all over this country: If you are not rich, if you are just a regular hard-working family, then there is a very good chance you are going to take a big hit if this bill passes. I urge every one of my colleagues to do what is right for families and oppose this plan. Tax reform should never be a partisan exercise, and we should all agree that our goal should be to help middle-class workers and their fami-lies. So let’s pass a bill that actually does that. Huge corporations do not need our help. They are going to be just fine. Instead, let’s finally start re-warding work in this country again. Mr. President, I yield the floor The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I come to the floor today painfully aware of the many reasons to oppose this reckless, wasteful Republican tax plan. It is a shame because I still be-lieve we need smart tax reform that puts working families and small busi-nesses first and that prepares America to compete in the 21st century, but that is not what we will be voting on this week. We are voting on the Trump tax plan this week—a plan Republicans hope to ram through the Senate with a simple majority vote, 51 votes. With 51 votes, Republicans will raise taxes on mil-lions of middle-class families and those working to join the middle class. With 51 votes, Republicans will hand huge tax cuts to big corporations with no strings attached and no guarantees that workers will see higher wages. With 51 votes, they will take healthcare coverage away from 13 mil-lion Americans and hike premiums for everyone else. With 51 votes, they will saddle our children and our grand-children—like my new grandchild— with another $1.5 trillion in debt. Now, any one of these reasons is rea-son enough to oppose the Trump tax plan, but, for me, as the senior Senator from New Jersey—a State of nearly 9 million people, a State with the eighth most productive economy in America— I cannot and will not support a tax bill that reads like one giant hit job on New Jersey’s middle class. Just how bad is the Trump tax plan for New Jersey? Well, take the House version—which is a bill so awful that 11 out of 12 Members of Congress from New Jersey voted against it, many of them Republicans—take that plan and make it worse in the Senate. The Sen-ate bill is worse because it totally eliminates the State and local tax de-duction, otherwise known as the SALT deduction. Even President Trump’s external eco-nomic adviser, Larry Kudlow, recently said ending the SALT deduction will hurt ‘‘a lot of different people,’’ and a lot of these people who will get hurt live in States like New Jersey. In 2015 alone, nearly 1.8 million New Jersey households deducted a combined $17 billion in State and local taxes from their Federal tax bills, and over 1.5 million New Jersey homeowners with sky-high property taxes deducted nearly $15 billion that same year. These taxpayers aren’t high rollers. They are middle-class families who had to work hard to achieve the American dream. In fact, tax data tells us that 83 percent of New Jerseyans who claim the State and local tax deduction make under $200,000 a year, and about half of those make under $100,000 a year. So the families who get hurt live in every corner of our State—from Ocean Coun-ty, where it will cost taxpayers $1.3 bil-lion, to Burlington County, where it will cost taxpayers $1.37 billion, to Pas-saic County, where it will cost tax-payers $1.16 billion in deductions. That is wrong. It is just plain wrong to ask these hard-working families—folks who weren’t born with a silver spoon in their mouth, who had to work hard for every dollar they have, who had to fight their way into the middle class— it is wrong to ask them to pay more just so big corporations pay less, and do so permanently, and those born to multimillion-dollar inheritances pay nothing at all. Ending the State and local tax deduc-tion will literally force New Jersey families to pay taxes twice on the same money, and rubbing salt in their wounds is the fact that Republicans let corporations keep on deducting their State and local taxes on top of the huge tax cuts lavished on them by the Trump tax plan. If protecting the State and local tax deduction is so important for big cor-porations that make billions of dollars a year, surely my Republican col-leagues can imagine how important it is for a middle-class family in a State like New Jersey to keep it. Quite frankly, I am sick and tired of Congress treating States like New Jer-sey as America’s piggy bank. My con-stituents already pay too much in taxes. New Jerseyans can’t afford to subsidize the rest of America more than we already do. Yet Republicans now want to dig even deeper into the wallets of New Jersey’s middle class with the Trump tax plan. To borrow an old phrase as you come into New Jer-sey from the Lower Trenton Bridge: ‘‘What New Jersey makes, the GOP takes.’’ Some have speculated that this tax bill was designed to punish Americans who live in so-called blue States. Cer-tainly, I don’t know, but I wouldn’t put it past an administration as cynical as this one to punish States that voted against Trump in the 2016 election, but ultimately this isn’t about red States or blue States. It is time we start call-ing these States what they really are. These aren’t blue States. They are America’s blue-chip States. They are America’s innovation States, Amer-ica’s economic powerhouse States. States like New Jersey are home to millions of makers, not takers, and we are proud of it, but our success didn’t happen overnight. It didn’t happen by accident. New Jersey’s success is predi-cated on our priorities and our invest-ments. New Jersey is a donor State precisely because we invest in public schools and higher education so New Jerseyans continue driving innovation in fields like biotechnology, agri-culture, and medicine. New Jersey is a donor State precisely because we invest in mass transit and infrastructure so workers can commute to high-paying jobs, whether in New York City or Philadelphia or in the fi-nancial district in places like Jersey City and Hoboken, and family and friends in nearby States can easily travel to the Jersey Shore. New Jersey is a donor State precisely because we invest in public health and law enforcement because we are stronger when we have safe commu-nities and a healthy workforce. In fact, the Fraternal Order of Police says end-ing the State and local tax deduction will hurt States’ ability to ‘‘recruit the men and women that keep us safe.’’ That is their quote. In short, New Jersey is a donor State. We see the States ranked by their de-duction, their per capita income, their education rank. There is a correlation. It is a donor State because we believe in opening the doors of opportunity to as many people as possible. That is how a small State like New Jersey con-tinues to punch above its weight eco-nomically to the benefit of all Ameri-cans and especially the Americans who live in less productive States that are more reliant on Federal spending. For more than a century, the State and local tax deduction has encouraged 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.027 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7387 November 29, 2017 
States to invest in education and infra-structure and opportunity for all. It is ironic that Republicans, who talk so much about supporting the States, want to single out those like New Jer-sey, Virginia, and Massachusetts that invest in the middle class. That is why Senator C
ANTWELL and I will be intro-ducing an amendment to protect the State and local property tax deduction, and I hope a majority of our colleagues see the value in that. For as long as I can remember, I heard my colleagues on the Republican side talk about protecting—not pun-ishing—success. No matter how you slice it, ending, limiting, or capping State and local tax deduction is a mas-sive tax on the success of States like New Jersey. The Trump tax plan will raise taxes on millions of middle-class families across America, not in a few years, not in a decade—immediately. I refuse to support a tax bill that en-riches the few at the expense of the many, that saddles our children with trillions of debt, that sets the stage for Republican cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security because when that debt rises, the next thing we will hear is we have to deal with the entitle-ments—but not entitlements given to corporations permanently—and that punishes the success of millions of hard-working, middle-class families in States like New Jersey. That is not something I am willing to do. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I only have a few minutes of time on the floor so I want to be relatively brief. I want to share with you a chart that shows what is actually happening as a result of this proposed tax bill. Here is what is happening. There are 572,000 taxpayers. That is about half a million taxpayers in America who are fortu-nate enough to make more than $1 mil-lion a year. As a result of this proposed plan, they will receive $34 billion in tax cuts. They will receive $34 billion in tax cuts this year, next year, and the year after that. That is an average tax cut of roughly $59,000 a person. That is $34 billion going to 572,000 taxpayers. What about the middle-class people the Republicans claim this bill is about? There are 90 million taxpayers— not half a million—90 million tax-payers who make $50,000 or less. Do you know what they get under this bill? They don’t get $34 billion. By the way, if you include the estate tax, that num-ber is $39 billion, $40 billion. They get $14 billion. That is an average tax cut per taxpayer of $160 a year, and that is in 2019. That is the best year these guys have—after that, it goes negative—and $160 a taxpayer is equivalent to $7.50 a paycheck. So I suppose in 1 year, you could say there is a $7.50 tax cut per paycheck. That doesn’t sound like a tax bill that is a middle-class tax bill to me. These are the tax cut levels under the Republican plan also in 2019. This is the $59,000 number. If you are making between $40,000 and $50,000, you get $492. If you are making between $10,000 and $20,000, you get $48, and so on and so forth. There is nothing middle class about this tax cut proposal. I was asked today by somebody: How could these Republicans go home and explain—in the States Donald Trump won—how could they explain they didn’t vote for that tax bill, when I was saying: I think we still have a chance to defeat this tax bill. How can you say that? How could somebody go home? I can’t wait to go home to rural counties in my State that voted 80 percent for Donald Trump—75 percent for Donald Trump—and tell them I voted against this tax bill. My only regret is I will not be able to tell them I voted against it twice. They are not stupid. People in Wash-ington think that somehow by selling something based on percentages or sell-ing something based on rates, people aren’t going to understand what is ac-tually happening to their aftertax in-come. My farmers and ranchers will understand that. They voted for a guy who said he was going to Washington to drain the swamp. They voted for a guy who said he was going to go to Washington and not help the rich peo-ple—or the rich, as the President says. They voted for a guy who said he was going to defend, support, and fight for what he called the forgotten man. It turns out that when the rubber hits the road, we see the same movie that was happening before he got here—unless you want to argue that the forgotten man is making more than $1 million in an economy where people at the top earn more of that economy than they ever have, at least since 1928. If you want to make that ar-gument, you can. My farmers and ranchers will not believe you. They will not believe that argument. This is a disgraceful bait and switch. Wait until you have to tell them that in order to make that tax cut for the wealthiest people in America, you are going to borrow the money from their children. You are going to borrow the money from the children of people here to pay for the tax cuts at this end. You are going to borrow the money from teachers’ children, and police officers’ children, and firefighters’ children. You are going to blow a $1.5 to $2.5 tril-lion deficit. Today, J.P. Morgan came out and said this will result in the larg-est nonrecession deficit this country has ever had since World War II. That is what J.P. Morgan said. We do have problems in this econ-omy. In Colorado, we have problems be-cause even though we have one of the most dynamic economies in the coun-try, middle-class families are still hav-ing a hard time paying for early child-hood education. They are having a hard time paying for housing. They are hav-ing a hard time paying for higher edu-cation, which this bill makes even worse. They are having a hard time paying for healthcare, which this bill makes even worse. You can’t even make it up. They are taking healthcare away from 13 million Americans in a tax bill, and the Congressional Budget Office tells us that because of the tax cuts they are producing for the wealthiest Americans, there is going to be an automatic cut to Medicare of $25 billion in January. So I say, let’s go after those 80 per-cent Trump counties and 70 percent Trump counties in Colorado and have a debate. They are not going to like what is in this plan. They will hate what is in this plan. It is the opposite of what they were told they were voting for. I would implore my colleagues—be-fore I yield the floor—that we stop this. Let’s stop this bill. This bill doesn’t deserve to be on the floor of the Senate. It is a disgrace. There was not a single hearing in the committee of jurisdiction—the Finance Committee— about this bill. There was not one hear-ing about a bill that touches every re-cess of our economy. It touches every household in our economy. It has been 31 years since we did tax reform, and back then we did it right, in a bipartisan way. This time, we don’t even have the decency to have a single hearing so the American people can hear what is in this bill and make a judgment about whether it is a good bill or not a good bill. I am telling you, I know what they are going to say when they know what the details are. We should stop this, and we should work in a bipartisan way. My colleague from Florida is on the floor. I know how important the child tax credit is to him and my colleague from Utah. It is important to me too. That is the basis for a deal. I believe the corporate rate is not competitive with the rest of the world. That is the basis for a deal, but bor-rowing money from middle-class tax-payers to finance $34 billion in tax cuts for 572,000 people is not a basis for a deal. The American people are not going to be fooled by this. They are too smart for this. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). The Senator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to enter into a colloquy with my col-league, the Senator from Utah. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I hope that in tax reform, we will try to do what we should do in all of our policies; that is, come up with ideas that are both pro-growth and pro-worker. There are a lot of good things in this tax bill, but we need to make it better. We can make it more pro-growth and more pro-worker. Senator L
EEfrom Utah and I have a plan that helps us move in that direction. I will describe it briefly, and I want him to have the opportunity to weigh in on this as well. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.029 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7388 November 29, 2017 
On the pro-growth side, it is about becoming more globally competitive, and we do so by lowering the current corporate tax rate. The current cor-porate tax rate in the United States is 35 percent; we would reduce that to 22 percent. Now, the current bill has it at 20, but 22 percent is just as competitive as 20. Here is why. Just like the cur-rent bill, it would be lower than the global average rate of 23 percent. Just like the current bill, it would move us from last place to third place among the G7 countries. So it is just as pro- growth. It makes us just as competi-tive, but it allows us to do the pro- worker reform that we desperately need. Here is what it allows us to do. It al-lows us to change the child tax credit in the current bill to help working fam-ilies even more. No. 1, it would make it fully refundable up to the amount you pay in payroll tax. No. 2, it would eliminate the marriage penalty, mean-ing you pay more in taxes if you are a married couple than you do if you are an individual. No. 3, it would index the tax credit to chained CPI, which basi-cally means that as inflation grows and the cost of living goes up, the credit doesn’t lose its value because it doesn’t go up. The one thing I want to emphasize is, Who does this help? I have had some people in the past and even today ask: Why are you doing this? This is like welfare. I find that offensive. I find it offen-sive not because I am offended by peo-ple who need the help and are in the safety net program because they have come upon difficult times but because the people we are trying to help are not on government assistance. They are workers. You have to work to get this credit. In essence, the credit applies against their tax liability, be it payroll tax or income tax. A lot of people who are working don’t make enough money to be paying a lot of income tax, but they pay up to 15.3 percent of what they make in payroll tax. It is their primary tax liability, and if you don’t allow the credit to apply toward that, you are not helping them. Who are they? Who are the kinds of people we are talking about? In es-sence, who are these workers? Well, this chart tells you who they are. They are the waitresses making about $20,000 a year. They are not fully benefiting from this credit right now. If we do it the way Senator L
EEand I are talking about doing it, they would. They are the home health aides. They are the of-fice clerks. They are the welders mak-ing $35,000 a year. They are the truck-drivers. They are the nurses. They are the firefighters making $48,000 a year. These are working people, the back-bone of our country, the ones who have been left behind for over three decades because no one fights for them. They have been ignored and disrespected in our public policy, and they are not ac-counted for in this bill. They are rais-ing families, our future taxpayers. It costs money to raise a family. The more children you have, the more ex-pensive it is. Our Tax Code should rec-ognize that, and we make a reasonable proposal in that regard. Now I would like to turn to Senator LEEand ask him to expound on the im-portance of this for America’s workers and why, if we are truly going to have a pro-worker reform, the expansion of the child tax credit and applying it to-ward the payroll tax the way we have described is essential. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I am grate-ful to my colleague, the distinguished Senator from Florida, for his work on this issue. He noted a couple of issues that we focus on in this amendment. He noted, among other things, the marriage tax penalty. That is a more obvious defect within our Tax Code. There is another defect he also mentioned that doesn’t get as much play as it should. It doesn’t get as much play, especially considering the amount of damage it does. It is called the parent tax pen-alty. Here is how it works. We have Amer-ican parents from one end of the coun-try to the other who are essentially propping up and securing the future of our senior entitlement programs, not just once but twice and in a pretty un-fair way. They prop up Social Security and Medicare two times—first, as they pay their taxes, and secondly, as they incur the substantial costs associated with child-rearing and thereby prop up and secure Social Security and Medi-care. Social Security and Medicare are paid for on a pay-as-you-go basis. Many of today’s workers pay for the benefits of today’s retirees. Today’s children are tomorrow’s workers who will, in turn, be working to pay the taxes to fund the Social Security and Medicare retirement benefits of today’s workers, who will be tomorrow’s retirees. Those costs add up over time. Ac-cording to one very lowball estimate— an estimate that doesn’t include a lot of things that it probably should, such as education, higher education, and so forth—a family raising three children can reasonably expect to incur $700,000 in child-rearing costs as they raise their three children. Those three chil-dren are going to go on to be tomor-row’s workers, paying the Social Secu-rity and Medicare benefits for today’s workers, tomorrow’s retirees. This is important. We need to end the marriage tax pen-alty. We also need to end this parent tax penalty. The best way to do that is to make sure that we increase the child tax credit up to $2,000, as the current Senate proposal would do, but just as importantly, we need to make that sum refundable up to $2,000, up to the total amount of taxes paid, including payroll tax liability—in other words, up to 15.3 percent of earnings. If we do this, it is not going to end the parent tax penalty altogether, but it is an im-portant first step. I also want to echo something said by Senator RUBIO a moment ago, and I think it is worth mentioning. This is not a handout. This is not a welfare benefit. This is money they are mak-ing. It is not welfare when you say that the government’s not going to take away something that you have worked hard for, that you have earned. We should at least be doing that for those people who are America’s ulti-mate, most important entrepreneurial class, America’s most cherished group of investors. The most important in-vestment decisions are not necessarily those made around the boardroom. They are made at the altar. They are made in delivery wards in hospitals throughout America. They are made when a couple says ‘‘I do’’ and they agree to raise children. Those are the investors we need to be encouraging and certainly not punishing. We can fix this problem. We need to do it by passing the Rubio-Lee amend-ment and increasing refundability so that we can all benefit from this and so that America’s families can stop being punished as a result of the interaction between our Tax Code and our senior entitlement programs. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. Mr. WARNER. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to join other col-leagues from both sides of the aisle to talk about this tax debate. We don’t do tax reform nearly enough here in the United States. It seems we have taken it on about every 35 years whether we need to or not. But if there is one les-son we have learned from previous tax reform efforts, it is that while they can do a lot of good, they can also do a lot of harm. I have to start by expressing my ex-traordinarily deep frustration with the process we have gone through. Today we are considering a bill that was drafted in secret, designed with more gimmicks and loopholes than I have ever seen, and is being rushed through the process without input from all of us on this side of the aisle and without even appropriate analysis of its true fi-nancial impact. In many ways, to quote the Presi-dent, what got us here is the worst of Washington. If you want to see swamp 101, look at the process of this tax bill. It is a 300-page tax bill that was re-leased on the eve of a holiday weekend, only days before it was marked up in committee. Over a 4-day markup, two significant rewrites of this bill were presented. One consisted of over 100 pages of changes, and a second was re-leased a mere 30 minutes before Mem-bers were asked to vote on its myriad of provisions. Now, less than 2 weeks later, we are considering that bill or a variation of it on the Senate floor. We are voting to proceed to the bill later today and then maybe on amendments tomorrow, before we even have any analysis from JCT. We know that near the end of the de-bate on the floor, another bill will 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.031 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7389 November 29, 2017 
magically appear from the majority leader’s office without any time for those of us who want to do tax reform to have a chance to genuinely review or analyze its provisions. I believe it makes this process enormously dis-honest. I know my friend from Delaware has just come on. I will speak quickly be-cause I know he will raise some of these same concerns. One of the things I have been most involved with since I have been here in the Senate is trying to grapple with our Nation’s overwhelming debt. We are a country that has run up close to $20 trillion in debt, and both sides— both sides—have been a party to that over the last 70 years. But what I have heard from col-leagues on both sides of the aisle is that when you are in that deep of a hole, you ought to stop digging, and that we need to make sure that if we are going to do tax reform, we do it in a fiscally responsible way. This legislation is the absolute oppo-site of any kind of fiscal responsibility under anybody’s guideline. It starts with a $1.5 trillion acknowledgement that that money will somehow magi-cally appear through magical growth. But when you peel that away a little bit, it is bad enough that it is not real-ly $1.5 trillion in additional debt that we are adding, the real number is $2.2 trillion. Let me tell you why. Off of the over $1.4 trillion of additional debt that is added, that alone will generate more than $230 billion of additional interest payments over the next decade, raising the cost of the bill from over $1.4 tril-lion to roughly $1.7 trillion. And then, in an effort that really takes the cake in a place where both sides have been known to use gimmicks, this legisla-tion includes 37 different expiring pro-visions—provisions that are popular, provisions that a number of my col-leagues have said give middle-class tax relief. The interesting thing is, all of these provisions are due to expire in 5 to 6 years, within the 10-year window. Rather than acknowledging the true costs of the bill, what people have said is, we know what we are going to cre-ate. We are going to create a whole new series of fiscal cliffs, in the neighbor-hood of $500 billion, that the expecta-tion will be that it will become so pop-ular that Congress will go ahead and have to extend these provisions, again, without paying for them. In terms of gimmicks, don’t take my word for it; you only need to listen to the words of the President’s own OMB Director, Mick Mulvaney, who recently acknowledged that the tax bill had a lot of gimmicks to it. Well, if we add that over $500 billion and the $230 bil-lion of additional interest and the $1.4 trillion that we start with, what we are talking about today is a $2.2 trillion addition to our debt. All my friends who for years have stood with me on the floor of this Sen-ate and spoken out against adding this additional burden to our kids and grandkids, I hope they will take a mo-ment and rethink their support for this legislation. Some have asked: Well, how will this get paid for? I believe there might be some dynamic growth. I believe there might be some addition from some smart tax reform that would add to the growth of our economy but nothing near what this bill assumes. In fact, it is even worse than that in certain ways. Not only will this add over $2 trillion to our debt and deficit, but we have even had the audacity of the Sec-retary of the Treasury, Mr. Mnuchin, who said that this bill is going to be so good for our economy, it is going to de-crease our debt by $1 trillion. Yet there is no responsible budget projection of any economist from left to right that makes any kind of assumption that would make that kind of prediction true at all. And, if we go back and look in recent American history, when you pay for tax cuts with borrowed money, you end up with a pretty bad situation. Many of my friends on the other side of the aisle like to cite Ronald Reagan. I think President Reagan was a great President, in many ways. President Reagan’s 1981 tax cut did provide a short-term stimulus, but then that stimulus ran out and our debt and defi-cits grew dramatically, and President Reagan himself had to raise taxes in 1982 and 1984. Likewise, again, President Bush, in 2001, inherited a surplus. He promised to give the magic of tax cuts that would grow our economy. Instead, we ended up with very little job growth and a debt and deficit now that is rap-idly approaching the full size of our economy. When we look at the scoring of the effects of this kind of tax cut, we see that the Tax Policy Center did a dy-namic score, saying: How can we build in growth that would come from a tax cut? They said again that this bill would cost $1.5 trillion. The Penn-Wharton Budget Model— again, an organization that is well re-spected by both sides of the aisle—did a dynamic score on this legislation as well. Again, they are saying the bill would still cost $1.5 trillion. Congress’s official scorekeeper, the group that we look to for outside ad-vice, the Joint Committee on Tax-ation—we are rushing this bill through so quickly that we have not even al-lowed our official scorekeeper to come up with a score. This is not the way to do a once-in- a-generation tax reform process. The truth is, when you do a tax cut with borrowed money, in periods simi-lar to where we are right now—rel-atively full employment—there is no historical precedent at all in which you will see any kind of economic growth. Again, don’t take my word for it. Alan Greenspan, the respected Fed Chair, pointed this out just within the last 2 weeks: Tax cuts paid for with borrowed money do not provide the kind of growth that this budget projects and that this tax reform bill projects. I could go through a whole litany of other concerns with this legislation. I, for one, believe we do need to do inter-national tax reform. I, for one, believe we need a corporate tax rate that is more competitive. I, for one, believe we need repatriation and we need to bring back tax profits that have gone abroad. But we have seen analyses recently that show that this legislation may ac-tually increase the amount of Amer-ican jobs that are pushed overseas, for example, because of the average of tax rates in their so-called territorial sys-tem, where a company can go ahead and build that factory in a relatively high tax State, move their intellectual property to a tax haven like the Cay-man Islands, average out the tax bill combined, and end up paying our coun-try nothing and, at the same time, con-tinue to see job loss around our coun-try. There are a group of us—close to 17 of us, and many of them are my col-leagues who are on the floor today— who came together yesterday and said to our Republican colleagues: Time out for a few minutes. We will work with you to do a responsible tax reform ef-fort. We share many of the same goals. But, unfortunately, the process we are going through here today—to reach some kind of arbitrary Christmas present for the President—is not the way we ought to be doing responsible tax reform. I hope my colleagues will reconsider. I hope they will take the offer of the 17 of us who said that we will look at cor-porate tax reform, we will look at lower rates, we will look at repatri-ation, we will look at ways to make businesses more competitive, and join with us to do this in a way in which we can all be proud. If we are going to do tax reform only once every 30 or 35 years, we sure as heck owe the Amer-ican people a product that we can all be proud of, not a product that is rushed through with one party only and that, at the end of the day, will leave our kids and grandkids paying the bill for decades to come. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Delaware. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, 9 years have passed since I first joined the Sen-ate Finance Committee. For each of those 9 years, I have looked forward to working on tax reform. In the House of Representatives, a million years ago, I had the privilege of working on tax re-form legislation led by President Reagan, led by Tip O’Neill, Dan Ros-tenkowski, Bill Bradley, Bob Pack-wood, and others, which actually worked. It got us where we wanted to go, with lower rates and a more sim-plified code. Tax reform takes time. It takes a lot of energy and a lot of effort. There is a lot of give and take. When we did that in 1986, the Congress took 2 years of public hearings, 2 years of meetings, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.032 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7390 November 29, 2017 
and 2 years of bipartisan negotiations. The idea that a permanent and endur-ing tax reform plan today can come to fruition in mere weeks is what they call in my State ‘‘the triumph of [a man’s] hope over experience.’’ Any tax legislation that is purely partisan, written in the dark, and rushed to the finish line is bound to be poorly designed and riddled with inad-vertent errors. A flawed process results in a flawed product. When considering any tax policy, I look at it through a prism of 4 ques-tions: No. 1, is it fair? No. 2, does it fos-ter economic growth or impede it? No. 3, does it simplify the Tax Code or make it even more complex? And No. 4, is it fiscally responsible? Those are the four questions. Unfortunately, the Re-publican tax reform plan fails the test on, sadly, all four of these questions. According to the nonpartisan—we just heard this from the Senator from Virginia—Congressional Budget Office, this plan would actually increase taxes on millions of Americans, beginning next year. By 2019, the CBO found that Americans earning less than $30,000 a year will be worse off under this tax bill. By 2021, Americans earning less than $40,000 will be worse off. By 2027, most Americans earning less than $75,000 a year will be worse off, not bet-ter. In fact, within 10 years, more than three-quarters of the tax cuts in this bill will go to the richest 5 percent of Americans. Think about that. Within the next 10 years, more than three- quarters of the tax cuts in this bill will go to the richest 5 percent of Ameri-cans. In fact, almost two-thirds of the tax breaks will go to the richest 1 out of every 100 Americans. None of this meets the reasonable definition, in my judgment, of fair. The second question is, Does it foster economic growth or impede it? This bill does little to foster economic growth, and I fear, in the long run, it will actually impair growth. Last week, a survey of top econo-mists—including economists from across the political spectrum, as well as Nobel Prize winners and former presidents of the American Economic Association—found that only 1 out of 43 experts believe this type of tax re-form would boost economic growth—1 out of 43—just 1. The truth is, any eco-nomic growth from this bill will be swamped by the deficits it creates. I will talk more about fiscal responsi-bility in a moment, but an important point here is that the increased na-tional debt will be a huge drag on eco-nomic growth. More Federal borrowing means high-er interest rates, which means it will cost more for businesses, both large and small, to borrow and finance in-vestments. It will cost more for fami-lies to take out a mortgage. It will cost more to borrow for college. No. 3, does it simplify the Tax Code? One goal of tax reform is supposed to be simplifying the Tax Code and reduc-ing unpredictability and uncertainty. Unfortunately, this bill introduces new and complicated provisions, for exam-ples, new requirements to claim the child tax credit and an awkwardly de-signed tax deduction for passthrough businesses. This will make it difficult for Americans to file their taxes—more difficult, not easier. As we learned ear-lier this month from the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation during consider-ation of this bill in the Senate Finance Committee on which I am privileged to serve, this tax bill will actually make the Internal Revenue Code regulations longer, not shorter. Making the Tax Code longer is not the key for sim-plification. A large part of the additional com-plexity results from the enormous new fiscal cliff created by this bill, which makes tax policy unpredictable for families and businesses. That point brings me to my fourth question: Is it fiscally responsible? This bill blows a $1.5 trillion hole in the debt, and it will be far costlier than that as the deficit grows in years and decades to come. With respect to the fiscal cliff I just mentioned, almost all of the individual tax provisions expire within 9 years. I will say that again. Almost all of the individual tax provisions expire within 9 years. The bill’s increase in the standard de-duction, the increase in the child cred-it, the new tax break for passthrough businesses, and most other provisions affecting individuals will, under this Republican bill, expire by the end of 2025. At the same time, the tax cuts for large corporations in this bill are per-manent. Many of our friends on the other side of the aisle are saying that all of these individual provisions will be extended and made permanent. Well, if that is the case, why don’t they do it now? The truth is extending these provisions would dramatically increase the def-icit, adding far more to the national debt—more than the $1.5 trillion this bill already adds. Making the individual provisions temporary and the corporate tax cuts permanent is, at bottom, an elaborate attempt to have our cake and eat it too. At best, making the individual provisions expire is, simply put, an elaborate scheme to hide the true cost of this tax bill, obscuring the fact that this bill would add much more to the debt, possibly twice as much as the $1.5 trillion that has been admitted and ad-vertised. At worst, making the individual tax provisions expire is a sneaky way to in-crease taxes on American families, all in order to pay for a permanent and ex-pensive corporate tax cut. Either way, the result is unconscionable and an af-front to fiscal responsibility. Let me just conclude by noting that it doesn’t have to be this way. Instead of rushing ahead with a partisan prod-uct that haphazardly remakes the American economy, there are many areas where Democrats and Repub-licans could work together on tax re-form. I talked about a couple of those yesterday in a press conference that Senator W
ARNER alluded to, and one of those areas is the standard deduction. I have supported a proposal to double the standard deduction, which would simplify filing for a lot of taxpayers. Another area where we could find common ground is the corporate rate. I think many of our Democratic col-leagues would agree with me and with others that business tax rates should be reformed to ensure that American businesses remain competitive with our global trading partners. And while lowering the rate from 35 percent to 20 percent may be too low—and, I think, fiscally irresponsible—a more sensible and modern proposal would bring both Democrats and Republicans together. There has to be a rate somewhere be-tween 25 percent and 35 percent on which we could come together. Another area for common ground is the child tax credit. The bill increases the child tax credit but fails to deliver the benefits to the middle- and work-ing-class families who need it the most. A better tax reform proposal would have reformed the child tax credit to be fully refunded and, just as impor-tant, permanent, so that lower income families could benefit from it as well. Despite these many areas of bipar-tisan agreement, our Republican col-leagues’ partisan rush to the finish line leaves us with no room for negotiations on a plan that blows a $1.5 trillion hole in our debt while actually increasing taxes on millions of Americans begin-ning next year. In closing, President Trump made three promises when he ran for Presi-dent, when he was nominated for Presi-dent, and when he was sworn in to of-fice as President. One of those is he didn’t want a tax reform proposal that helped people like him—the wealthy. That is not what he wanted to do. No. 2, he wanted to make sure that we put money back into the pockets of hard- working families. A lot of middle-in-come families would benefit from tax reform. That is what he wanted. And he said that he wanted to simplify the Tax Code. The Democrats are all-in on tax reforms that keep those three prom-ises. But from what we know about the legislation before us this week, this plan does almost nothing to fulfill the President’s three promises. I join my colleagues today in urging Republicans to slow down, work with Democrats on a plan that is actually fair, actually fiscally responsible, and that encourages economic growth and job creation and simplifies the Tax Code. I will close with an African proverb that I mentioned yesterday: If you want to go fast, travel alone. If you want to go far, travel together. We need to travel together, and if we do, we will go far, and, frankly, we will lift with us the economy of this coun-try and families who need our help. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.034 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7391 November 29, 2017 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, we do want to go far, and we need to travel together. We have been trying to make the case that, indeed, we do this in a bipartisan way instead of being jammed through in a partisan way. I don’t think there would be a Sen-ator in this Chamber that would not want to help Puerto Rico, given the fact that Puerto Rico is going through the ravages of the aftermath of a hurri-cane, where still today just under half of the population in Puerto Rico does not have electricity, and it is 3 months after the hurricane. But we are going to send another hurricane to Puerto Rico if we pass this bill because of the provisions that are so punitive to Puer-to Rico in this tax bill. In this tax bill, there is a 20-percent penalty on businesses doing business in Puerto Rico. It is just unbelievable, a 20-percent penalty on companies that invest in Puerto Rico, causing one of the daily newspapers on the island, El Nuevo Dia, to state that 250,000 jobs would leave the island just as a result of that provision. That is not some-thing we want to do to Puerto Rico. We want to help Puerto Rico. Unfortunately, that is not all. The bill eliminates the section 199 manu-facturing deduction for Puerto Rico, specifically in the law to encourage manufacturing in that island Common-wealth, a territory of our fellow U.S. citizens. The bill also eliminates the rum cover, which is how they get a rebate for paying those excise taxes on the production of Puerto Rican and U.S. Virgin Islands rum. It is a means of off-setting the cost of economic develop-ment in those two territories, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. This bill further fails to put Puerto Rico residents on an equal footing with those on the mainland by giving them the same treatment on the earned in-come tax credit and the child tax cred-it. First, the bill is so out of balance, to begin with. But then, when you get down to the specifics in so many of the items—now, in this particular item af-fecting Puerto Rico—this is not what we want to do. Yet we are just about to vote on this bill, and that is what is going to happen. That is what is going to happen in Puerto Rico. I urge some of our Members to recon-sider their vote. I yield the floor. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MISSILE DEFENSE Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, for 20 years now, I have viewed the develop-ment and deployment of a layered bal-listic missile defense shield as vital to our national security. The experience that we witnessed yesterday is some-thing we have been talking about for a long time that was going to happen. Sometimes our DIA, or Defense Intel-ligence Agency, has said it is going to happen 5 years from now and then 4 years from now. The question is this: When will North Korea have the capa-bility of a weapon and delivery system that would reach Washington, DC, or any of the States of the United States? The adversaries like North Korea are developing ballistic missiles with in-creasing range and accuracy. It is im-portant for us in the Senate to commu-nicate to the American people the credible, grave, and immediate threat that we face. Today the world is more dangerous than it has ever been before. I have said so many times in the past that I look wistfully back at the days of the Cold War when things were predictable. We had two superpowers. We knew what they had, and they knew what we had. It is not that way anymore. Every time we have someone coming in to our Defense Committee to testify, they talk about the fact that North Korea is not predictable. So we don’t know what is going to happen and what they are capable of doing. I have been here on the floor on this issue in 2001, 2009, 2012, and this will be the third time this year. Over the last 30 years, we have witnessed our missile defense programs go through dramatic investment changes from administra-tion to administration, depending on who is President. Remember how ev-eryone ridiculed President Reagan about ‘‘Star Wars,’’ hitting a bullet with a bullet. They felt that it was pretty funny at that time. Right now, everything he said that was going to happen is happening and happened yes-terday. In 1993, they cut out of the Reagan budget and from the Bush budget the missile defense budget request for fis-cal year 1994. They terminated the Reagan-Bush Strategic Defense Initia-tive Program and downgraded the na-tional missile defense—this is all dur-ing the Clinton administration—to a research and development program only and cut 5 years of missile defense funding by 54 percent, from $39 billion to $18 billion. In 1996 they cut funding and slowed the development of the THAAD pro-gram—the THAAD program we are so dependent on right now to defend against an incoming missile in many parts of the world with our allies. They cut the Defense authorization bill, which required accelerated develop-ment. In 1999 they delayed by at least 2 years our Space-Based Infrared System satellites, designed to detect and track missile launches, necessary to coordi-nate with any effective national mis-sile defense system. Then along came Bush. By the end of 2008, the Bush administration had suc-ceeded in fielding a missile defense sys-tem that was capable of defending all 50 States. During that period of time, we had 44 ground-based defense sys-tems in the United States. The Obama administration cut that back down, but the Bush administration wanted a system that would take care of all 50 States. Here is the problem, though. All of our ground-based systems were on the west coast—in Alaska and California— so we didn’t have anything else. At that time, they thought that was where the threat was going to be, but during the last years of the second Bush administration, we realized that we needed to do something about the rest of the country—something about the east coast—and something about Western Europe. We made a deal with the Czech Re-public and Poland to have a ground- based system in the Czech Republic and Poland, along with the radar that was necessary to operate it. I remember that. I was there and had a conversa-tion with Vaclav Klaus in the Czech Republic. He said to me: If we go along with building this system, we are going to incur the wrath of Russia, and it is going to be very difficult for us. So can you assure us, if we agree to do this, that you will not pull the rug out from under us? I said: Certainly, we will not do that. This is something that we are com-mitted to doing. The problem is that the first thing that happened when the Obama admin-istration came in was he pulled the rug out from under them. So we found our-selves vulnerable to, maybe, having one shot at a defense system in the eastern part of the United States and in Western Europe. Then, in April, there came the first of the Obama defense cuts, which began disarming America and dismantling our layered missile defense system. Ad-ditionally, due to President Obama’s overall reduced budget request for de-fense, there were not enough Aegis ships or missiles to meet the demand that was there. Since Kim Jong Un took power in 2009, he has already conducted more than 80 ballistic missile tests. That is far more than his father and grand-father conducted. North Korea has con-ducted six nuclear tests of increasingly powerful weapons. The latest test was in September of this year. That bomb had an explosive yield estimated to be 100 kilotons, which is almost 7 times more powerful than the bomb that was dropped on Hiroshima and as much as 11 times more powerful than what North Korea tested in January of last year. In April of this year, at a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on Policy and Strategy in the Asia-Pa-cific, a panel of expert witnesses agreed with me that North Korea currently represents the most imminent threat to our national security. On July 4 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.036 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7392 November 29, 2017 
this year, North Korea made a major breakthrough with its first successful ICBM launching. If it had been launched on a standard trajectory, the missile could likely have traveled up to 5,000 miles. That would have been enough to have reached Alaska. On July 28 of this year, North Korea tested another ICBM. This missile dem-onstrated the potential ability to reach mainland U.S. targets with a nuclear- armed ICBM. Yesterday was the big day. Yester-day, it finally happened. Yesterday, North Korea proved that it could reli-ably range the entire continental United States with a test of its latest developed and newest version of the ICBM. It is important to remember that all of this power is being wielded by the erratic despot Kim Jong Un. We don’t have the luxury of time. He has stated that his goal—listen to this—is to attain a nuclear-capable ICBM that can annihilate the United States. Each and every day, he gets closer to this goal, and, yesterday, he proved that it could be done. Secretary Mattis confirmed the tech-nical advances that were displayed in yesterday’s test. The missile had 53 minutes of time in flight, and Mattis confirmed that it had gone higher than any previous shot they had ever taken. David Wright, an analyst with the Union of Concerned Scientists, wrote that yesterday’s test indicates that North Korea can now hold the United States well within missile range. Wright wrote: ‘‘Such a missile would have been more than enough range to reach Washington, DC, and in fact any part of the continental United States.’’ When one talks about the real threats that are out there, we now know that even though people didn’t believe it 20 years ago, 10 years ago, 5 years ago, it finally happened yester-day. They have the range that could reach the continental United States, and they have proved that they have a missile that can do that. The only ar-gument they use is that this may not have had a payload, that maybe they couldn’t have done that with a pay-load. Actually, it had that kind of a range. That doesn’t give me much com-fort. I really think that we are to the point at which we have to recognize that we are in the most threatened po-sition we have been in as a nation, and now it is a lot easier to believe that be-cause we witnessed it yesterday. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The Senator from Montana. 
f 
TAX REFORM Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I have long supported efforts to reform the Tax Code—tax reform that gives a break to working-class Americans and small businesses so that they can cre-ate more jobs and keep more of their hard-earned money in their pockets, tax reform that provides permanent, long-term certainty for job-creating businesses and middle-class families so that they can plan for the future, and tax reform that doesn’t burden future generations with loads of debt. Unfor-tunately, the bill that we are going to vote on this week is not tax reform. The majority and the administration can call this proposal whatever they want, but from where I come from, which is north central Montana, we call it how we see it. This is a tax give-away to the wealthy—a tax giveaway that will cut taxes for the wealthiest families while raising taxes on nearly 14 million middle-class Americans. This tax giveaway benefits wealthy out-of-staters at the expense of hard- working Montanans. In fact, folks making less than $30,000 a year will see a tax hike in 2019, and folks making less than $40,000 will see a tax hike in 2021. That pattern continues climbing until every individual will see a tax hike in 2025. Why is this important? We haven’t done tax reform in 30 years, and 2025 will be here tomorrow. A tax break for the wealthiest will con-tinue not only to add to our debt, but it will continue to take money out of the pockets of hard-working middle- class families. All the while, the large corporations will enjoy permanent tax giveaways. It doesn’t have to be like this, but the majority has chosen, once again, to write a bad bill in secret—no biparti-sanship, no input from working fami-lies, no regard for how this bill is going to impact folks down the road. This tax giveaway to the wealthy reeks of the swamp, and it represents everything that folks hate about Washington, DC. So why are we rushing this process? During the Reagan tax cuts in the eighties, the House and the Senate combined to hold over 20 committee hearings before bringing a bill to the floor. Why was there no public input in this process today? Why aren’t we waiting for final estimates from the Joint Tax Committee to let us know what the impacts will be? Why don’t we know what the long-term impacts— past the first 10 years—are going to be? Why are we voting before we have anal-ysis on what happens to those folks 12, 14, 16 years from now? Why are we vot-ing on a bill before we have even had time to read it? There is an appetite in this Senate for good tax reform—a tax bill that will cut taxes for middle-class families and small businesses and will not add to the debt, a bill that will actually drive our economy. I don’t understand why folks in this body are rushing to pass this tax giveaway that is going to hurt the folks who need a tax cut the most. This is not the first time we have been down this road. Next year, nearly one-third of our national debt will be a direct result of the Bush tax cuts—over $5.6 trillion. Yet here we are again, a decade later, and we are about to make the same mistake. Most folks who serve in this body will say that they came here to provide more opportunities for the next genera-tion, that they came here to work on bills and pass bills that will help our kids and our grandkids succeed. I am here to tell you that actions speak louder than words. This bill saddles our kids and our grandkids with even more crushing debt by adding, at a min-imum, $1.4 trillion to the debt. Why? It is so that we can give tax giveaways to the wealthy and big corporations and so that some politicians can claim a political victory. If you vote for this bill, you are putting $1.4 trillion on the credit card that our kids and our grandkids are going to be forced to pay. That is a fact. Where are the def-icit hawks? Where have they flown? My, how times have changed. We can do better than this. Our kids and our grandkids deserve better than this. Hard-working families in this country deserve better than this. We need to do the right thing and pull this bill from the floor and work together in a truly bipartisan way to pass real tax reform—get public input, get sup-port from both sides of the aisle—and get a bill that Democrats, Republicans, and, as far as that goes, Independents can support. The truth is apparent. The other side of the aisle doesn’t want to be bothered by differences of opinion or public input, so we end up with a poorly writ-ten bill that doesn’t do what it is ad-vertised to do. Let’s help businesses create more jobs and raise wages, and let’s make sure that hard-working folks can keep more of their money in their pockets. That is the kind of tax reform that America deserves. Instead, we are stuck with a partisan gimmick that makes the rich richer while the rest of us pay the bills. I am voting no on this bill, and I am voting no for Montana’s kids and grandkids. I encourage my colleagues to take a look at this bill, by the way, that we don’t even have yet. Take a look at it, what is there, and vote no to avoid, at a minimum, a trillion and a half dollars being added to our national debt. When I go home, one of the things that folks ask of me is to work to-gether—to work together and find bi-partisan solutions. Don’t just cast off those on the other side as being wrong. Listen to them. Try to find that middle ground. That hasn’t happened here with this bill. Anything but that has happened. We have a bill that has been crafted by one party in secret and has been put in front of us, and they have said: Here. Take it or leave it. We don’t even know the impacts of this bill, and they don’t know the impacts of this bill. Once this passes, it will be too late. This is the most deliberative body in the world. We ought to do a little de-liberating and get some public input and find bipartisan support and move forward with a bill that works for America. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.038 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7393 November 29, 2017 
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, a num-ber of Senators have been inquiring as to what will happen next with respect to the handling of the tax legislation. My sense is that, in a relatively short period of time, the Senate will be vot-ing on the motion to proceed to this legislation. I just want to take a couple of minutes to talk about why I am going to oppose the motion to proceed. The fact is, right now, on a topic that will involve $10 trillion worth of tax policy changes—the biggest change in the Tax Code in 31 years when the U.S. Senate votes on the motion to pro-ceed—we, essentially, will not know yet what the Senate will be debating. There are rumors; there are whispers, but the fact is, as the ranking Demo-crat on the Senate Finance Committee, which has authority over taxes, I haven’t seen the text of the bill that we will actually be debating. The bill seems to have changed prac-tically every half hour. It has certainly been a moveable feast for the super lob-byists, but there are a couple things we already do know. We know, for exam-ple, it is not going to give a fair shake to working families. What we have talked about again and again in the Senate is that the Senate leadership is committed to a double standard with respect to the American economy: tem-porary breaks for the middle class— they vanish in a few years—and perma-nent breaks for those at the top. We can do better than this. The mid-dle class is responsible for 70 percent of the economic activity in our economy. They are the ones who buy the cars, who buy the houses. They send kids to childcare. Instead, many of them cer-tainly fairly soon are going to be fur-ther in the hole than they already are. So this is a piece of legislation, both on the substance, from the standpoint of what my colleagues have been talk-ing about in terms of the double stand-ard—I mean, we already have in our economy essentially two tax systems, one for the cops, the nurses, auto-workers, and timber workers. Their tax system is compulsory. Their taxes come right out of their paycheck. There are no Cayman Island deals for them. The people at the top pay what they want when they want to. The re-ality is, what it looks like we are going to get—as I say, I don’t have the de-tails—is going to make this work. So a number of Senators have asked, for example, about the passthrough provisions, important to small busi-ness. We don’t have the details on that. We have Members who care about how we are actually going to not rack up hundreds of billions of dollars’ worth of debt in the years ahead. Some Senators have suggested that there be triggers. I happen to think they are gimmicks in all of the approaches I have heard. They just don’t seem to add up. We don’t have the details on that. What we do know—and I know there are several other Senators who would like to speak—is, we have never had negotiations in the Senate Finance Committee over the specifics of this legislation or any other. We have never had a legislative hearing. When Ronald Reagan and Democrats got together in 1986, they had more than 20 of these hearings. I will just tell my colleagues in the Senate, Bill Bradley, the former Knick and basketball great who was on the Finance Committee—and I like to kid colleagues that he was another tall Democrat on the committee with a much better jump shot than I—he al-ways would tell stories about how he would fly across the country to meet with Republicans to talk about the spe-cifics of tax reform. Back then, Sen-ators went to great lengths to talk to each other about the specifics of tax re-form. In this instance, the majority hasn’t been willing to even walk down the corridor of the Dirksen Senate Of-fice Building to talk about the spe-cifics of tax reform. The Senate is better than this. I was part of the bipartisan group yesterday, and Senator D
ONNELLY , our colleague from Indiana, really set out what be-came an outpouring of good faith among something like 17 Senators who said we can find common ground here. I happen to know we can find common ground here because with two Sen-ators, who happen to be very close to the distinguished majority leader, M
ITCH MCCONNELL , I wrote two full bi-partisan Federal income tax reform bills—my former colleagues, Senator Gregg and Senator Coats. We can do this. This is what the Sen-ators said yesterday. We can find com-mon ground. There is not a Senator here who doesn’t agree that the Tax Code is a rotting economic carcass. It is a dysfunctional mess. Every single Senator understands it is broken. Since it has been 30 years since the last re-form, there have been scores of changes to the Tax Code that really cause as much confusion as they do benefits. So I know we can do this. That is what Democratic Senators said yesterday. They said we want to work together in a group led by our colleagues Senator M
ANCHIN and Senator K AINE, who brought us together. So we are going to vote, and I think it is going to be soon, on a motion to proceed. I would just tell Senators, as of right now, we don’t yet know what the Senate is going to be debating, and on those crucial issues I just men-tioned, we still don’t have any informa-tion. Yesterday, the Joint Committee on Taxation told me they hoped to have what the Republicans said was the essence of why their bill works: a dynamic score of the tax legislation. We haven’t seen that either. I hope our colleagues will vote no on the motion to proceed because I don’t think it is too much to say that as Sen-ators, when we are talking about going to a bill that involves $10 trillion worth of tax policy changes in the Senate, we ought to know what the Senate will ac-tually be debating. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. PERDUE. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. When President Trump took office, he said that job No. 1 this year was get-ting the economy growing again. As a business guy—I am going to speak very quickly because I think the majority leader is on the way down to the floor—he said the first thing we had to do to get the economy going were three things: No. 1, pull back on the onerous regulations. Well, so far this year 860 rules and regulations have been re-versed. No. 2, he said we have to un-leash our God-given energy potential. So far, Keystone Pipeline, the Clean Power Plan, and ANWR are underway. Finally, we have to change the Tax Code, and that is what we are here de-bating this week. I am very optimistic that this plan will absolutely put peo-ple back to work, put money back in their pockets, and make our American economy and the people who partici-pate in it competitive with the rest of the world. With that, I notice that the majority leader is on the floor, and I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. f 
TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 266, H.R. 1, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 52, nays 48, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 284 Leg.] YEAS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.039 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7394 November 29, 2017 
Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The motion was agreed to. 
f 
TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The clerk will report the bill. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator W
YDEN or his designee be recognized to offer a motion to commit the bill, the text of which is at the desk. I further ask that the time until 8 p.m. be equal-ly divided between the leaders or their designees; that at 8 p.m. the Senate vote in relation to the motion to com-mit with no intervening action or de-bate; and that following the disposition of the Wyden motion, the majority leader be recognized. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oregon. 
MOTION TO COMMIT  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I call up the motion that I have at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. WYDEN] moves to commit the bill H.R. 1 to the Com-mittee on Finance with instructions to re-port the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would raise taxes on millions of middle class taxpayers. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, this is a historic day, as the Senate begins con-sideration of tax reform that will help boost America’s economy, create more jobs, and leave more money in people’s paychecks. The House and Senate passage last month of the fiscal year 2018 budget resolution marked an important first step toward tax relief for American families and job creators that will jump-start economic growth. The reso-lution gave the Senate Finance Com-mittee the headroom to come up with comprehensive tax reform, and it in-structed the Senate Energy and Nat-ural Resources Committee to save $1 billion. Finance Committee Chairman H
ATCH and Energy and Natural Re-sources Committee Chairwoman M
UR-
KOWSKI both deserve praise for devel-oping legislative recommendations that fit with the budget resolution’s reconciliation instructions, and I thank them for their efforts. Yesterday, the Senate Budget Com-mittee took the next step by com-bining the legislative recommenda-tions from the Finance and the Energy and Natural Resources Committees and reporting the combined bill to the full Senate for consideration. This put our Nation one step closer to real tax re-form while advancing American energy security. It is past time for us to act. A lot of things have changed since the last major tax reform in 1986, and unfortu-nately our Tax Code hasn’t kept pace with those changes. It is an outdated mess that is hurting American workers and holding back our economy. That is why we need tax reform that will make our system simpler and fairer and allow people to keep more of what they earn. The bill before us will do that. It will help grow the economy, create jobs, and ensure that hard-working Americans aren’t missing available tax relief. This bill also will provide relief to small, family-owned businesses. We want to make sure that small busi-nesses, which currently employ the majority of the private sector in Wyo-ming and are the backbone of our com-munities all over the country, have the opportunity to grow and provide more jobs. If you care about jobs, if you care about American companies staying here and being able to compete glob-ally, then you should also care about reforming our business tax system. America has the fourth highest cor-porate rate in the world. We need to encourage companies to bring back their overseas money to increase the number of jobs here in the United States. Lowering our uncommonly high and uncompetitive business tax rate would be one of the quickest ways to solve the problem. It is time we make America a more inviting place to invest, to do business, and to create jobs. We heard a lot of rhetoric yesterday in our committee meeting where we re-ported this bill, and I expect we will be hearing a lot more of the same argu-ments over the next couple of days. So I want to address some of the claims made by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle yesterday. Several Members complained that there have been zero hearings on this reconciliation legislation and that this has been a rushed process. Nothing could be further from the truth. The entire 2018 budget reconciliation process has been open, transparent, and subject to regular order, starting with the passage of the Senate budget reso-lution. The Senate Budget Committee marked up the budget over 2 days and accepted amendments from both sides of the aisle to make the resolution stronger. In fact, for the first time ever, the minority was given a copy of the chairman’s bill 5 days prior to the start of the markup. According to many of my colleagues, it was one of the most transparent budget resolution markups in history. The budget resolution, complete with the reconciliation instructions being used this week, was then debated on the floor in an open process that al-lowed every Senator the opportunity to offer and vote on amendments to im-prove the resolution before its final passage. That set in motion the in-structed committees’ process for pro-ducing recommendations. Over the last 6 years, the Senate Fi-nance Committee has held 70 hearings on how the Tax Code can be improved and streamlined to work better for all Americans. Earlier this month, the Senate Fi-nance Committee held a 4-day markup before finally approving tax reform leg-islation designed to modernize our Tax Code. The markup lasted 23 hours and 34 minutes over the course of those 4 days. Of the more than 350 amendments filed, 69 were asked to be considered in committee. An additional 35 amend-ments, offered by both Democrats and Republicans, were included in the final bill reported out of committee. On November 2, the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee held a hearing to receive testimony on the potential for oil and gas exploration and development in the so-called 1002 area of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, or ANWR. On November 15, after adopting a bipartisan amend-ment, the committee approved, with bipartisan support, legislation author-izing responsible development in the 1002 area and meeting the $1 billion reconciliation deficit reduction target. Let me explain what we are talking about. ANWR is 19.3 million acres. It is about the size of South Carolina. The 1002 area is 1.57 million acres—about the size of Delaware. The area within 1002 that we are talking about for de-velopment is just 2,000 acres, which is smaller than the Fargo, ND, airport. When the Budget Committee met yesterday, consistent with our respon-sibility under the Congressional Budg-et Act, we were only allowed to com-bine the recommendations of the two committees. We reported the combined bill to the full Senate. As provided by law, no amendments were allowed be-cause, under the Budget Act, our com-mittee is prohibited from substantially changing either committee’s approved recommendations. Now that this bill is on the floor, however, it will be subject to the amendment process. For rec-onciliation bills like this, the amount of amendments that can be offered is unlimited. Several Members yesterday accused us of no longer caring about over-spending and the debt. Again, this is completely false. Better tax policy will boost the value of everything we produce, and this will mean more rev-enue for the Federal Government. The cost of this bill that you will hear my colleagues on the other side of the aisle argue assumes the bill has lit-tle effect on the economy. That as-sumption is based on the sluggish growth we have had recently. In 2016, annual GDP growth was 1.6 percent, but our historical average growth is 3.2 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.002 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7395 November 29, 2017 
percent. Under President Trump’s ef-forts and the hope that he has brought to working Americans, our economy has grown at more than 3 percent over the last two quarters. If we only get to 2.4 percent growth in the private sec-tor, this bill will be paid for. If we reach 3.2 percent growth, part of the debt will be paid down with the extra revenue that will be generated. We have tried stimulus, and it left us with the 1.6 percent. We have tried cut-ting. In Washington, if you don’t give the amount of increase that people are asking for but you give them more money than they had last year, that is considered a cut. So cuts haven’t worked here, either. So what is the other option that we have? Growing the economy. Now, I want to repeat that in 2016 the annual GDP growth was 1.6 percent, but our historical average growth is 3.2 percent. And under President Trump’s efforts and the hope he has brought to working Americans, our economy has grown at more than 3 percent over the last two quarters, without this. If we only get to 2.4 percent growth in the private sector, this bill will be paid for. I believe we can reach the 3.2-percent growth, and part of the debt will be paid down from the extra revenue that will be generated. Some people will say that after tax cuts before, the deficit has gone up. I hope you check and see that the rev-enue has gone up, but the spending went up bigger. It is like somebody winning the lottery and spending their winnings twice. This reconciliation bill will make concrete reforms to the broken U.S. Tax Code and put the American econ-omy back on a growth track. This tax plan is an investment in hard-working Americans, one that will produce more jobs and result in higher wages and a stronger and more competitive Amer-ican economy. You are probably going to hear a lot of screaming going on in speeches this week. Please don’t confuse volume with veracity or truth. I look forward to working with my colleagues to help pass this bill. It will not only benefit hard-working Ameri-cans, but it will make our economy and our country stronger. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I lis-tened to the remarks of my colleague, the distinguished Senator from Wyo-ming, and he said there were 70 hear-ings on taxes. I think it is important that the American people know that there was not one single hearing—not one—on this bill. There were no discus-sions of the specific provisions in this legislation. There was no hearing on the personal responsibility require-ment in the Affordable Care Act, which is so essential to that law and to what we ought to be looking at strength-ening in the years ahead with respect to cost containment. So I just want to set the record straight right at the out-set of the debate. Since I have heard once again that there were 70 hearings, I think it is important that the Amer-ican people know that there was not one on this bill. Contrast this to 1986, when Demo-crats and Republicans got together and there were more than 20 hearings— more than 20 discussions on specifics about how to work together and find common ground on this enormously important issue. The Senate is 20 hours of debate away from a broken promise of truly historic proportions. This was supposed to be the year that the working people of America regained a powerful voice in Washington. Instead of a strong voice, what they got was a big con job. If this Republican tax bill passes, Washington is going to reach into the pockets of working Americans and cut a big check to multinational corpora-tions, to tax cheats, and to the politi-cally powerful and well connected. The bill before the Senate would en-shrine an economic double standard that makes permanent second-class treatment of Americans who work hard and do their best day in and day out to provide for their families. For the cops, for the nurses, for the mechanics, and for those who work retail, this Repub-lican tax plan is a big gamble. They don’t get any special tax dodges—no Cayman Islands deals for them. Those folks are stuck clinging to the hope that they will not be among the mil-lions hit with an immediate tax hike. Even for those lucky Americans who do see some benefit, there is bad news coming down the pike. All they get out of this Republican plan is the fleeting sugar high of temporary tax cuts. That is not the case, though, for mul-tinational corporations or powerful high fliers who wield big political power in this town. Under this tax plan, the basic message to them is this: You can pay what you want, when you want, and, if you are lucky—really lucky—you may pay hardly anything at all. That certainly is not what work-ing people were promised in the fall 2016 campaign. That is not what Repub-licans have spent month after month telling Americans their tax plan would do. The Republican rhetoric doesn’t match the reality of this tax plan, and every day we get frightening news re-ports about the harm it is going to do to working people and the middle class. Just yesterday, I received a letter from the independent congressional tax experts known as the Joint Committee on Taxation, and they gave us really important information about the bill. Buried in one of those answers was in-formation that ought to put a scare into millions of Americans who work hard every day to get ahead. This bill showers trillions of dollars on multi-national corporations, but the fact is, these multinational corporations are already awash in cash. What it means, according to these independent con-gressional tax experts, is that interest rates are going up. The Federal Re-serve will have to tighten the screws of the economy. But here is the bottom line for what it means for a middle-class American in North Carolina, or Oregon, or any-where else in the United States: If you want to buy a house, this bill is going to make it more expensive. If you want to buy a car, this bill is going to make it more expensive. If you want to get a credit card, this bill is going to make it more expensive. If you want to take out a student loan, this bill is going to make it more expensive. It is not just harm for typical fami-lies. The cost of doing business is going to rise for the brewery owner or the tool-and-die maker who wants to build a new facility or purchase new equip-ment. They would like to hire new workers, but they will find that the money they need to do it is getting drained by higher interest rates. In short, higher interest rates will wipe out the benefits of this bill for a lot of small businesses and add pain to the tax hikes that are going to hit mil-lions of families. The only businesses and individuals who will not feel the ef-fects I just described are those sitting on mountains of cash—those who will never need to borrow to get ahead. That is just one of the latest of truly frightening details about what this de-structive bill would do. If there was any doubt remaining, it is clear based on those tax experts that individual working Americans and families are going to be on the hook for handouts to multinational corpora-tions. Republicans have spent months shouting from the hilltops that they were bringing jobs back. The President made it a centerpiece of his campaign. Jobs are coming home, he said. Cor-porations that ship jobs overseas are going to be punished. The plight of so many mill and factory towns is over. It is too bad that those talking points from stump speeches and interviews never made it into the proposals on paper, because the tax plan that is ac-tually before the Senate does the oppo-site. Under the new notion of taxes for American companies overseas called the territorial system, corporations will get a bigger tax cut if they lay off their American workers here in the United States, pack up, and move abroad. It creates colossal new loop-holes, a true bonanza of new tax gifts for the tax cheats, for the people who have sophisticated help to cut corners. When it comes to international tax rules, my view is that the United States shouldn’t get suckered into a race to the bottom with a bunch of no- tax, resort-lined islands to please the tax avoidance industry and their lobby-ists. That is a truly expensive competi-tion in terms of taxpayer dollars and jobs, but this Republican plan forces working Americans to pay up. The tax experts we rely on here in the Congress make it clear that the Re-publican corporate tax scheme loses 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.042 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7396 November 29, 2017 
revenue, but the individual tax changes raise revenue. That is a whole lot of tax lingo for saying that working peo-ple are going to get fleeced so that multinational corporations can pay a lot less. Here is how it is going to work. More and more Americans will face a tax hike with every passing year. Stealthy tax tricks will force people into higher tax brackets over time, heaping a heav-ier burden on their shoulders. Millions of working Americans are going to lose their healthcare and the tax credits that make insurance affordable for them and their family. Put all to-gether, it is an immense amount of money being taken from people who are already walking an economic tight-rope—an economic tightrope in North Carolina and Oregon and everywhere else—where they balance food costs against the fuel bill and the fuel bill against the cost of housing. An im-mense amount of money is being taken from them and being handed to multi-national corporations that ship jobs overseas. This is not a plan to create red, white, and blue jobs. This is not a plan to turn the lights back on in factories that went dark many years ago. This is a plan to sell out millions of Ameri-cans—American workers and their fam-ilies—and the damage will get even worse when the deficit climbs into the stratosphere. As I begin to touch on the deficit, I want to note that it didn’t have to be this way. I wrote two fully bipartisan Federal income tax reform bills with our colleagues. I believe they were here before the Senator from North Carolina joined us: Dan Coats, now the head of national intelligence, and Judd Gregg, the former Republican chair of the Budget Committee. The three of us— Senator Gregg first, then Senator Coats—made changes to ensure that American companies could be competi-tive for red, white, and blue jobs. We understood that you had to have a competitive rate to grow those compa-nies. But we certainly didn’t create new breaks for shipping jobs overseas, and—because I am going to touch on the deficit now—our proposal was rev-enue neutral. So it didn’t have to be this way. That is what Senator M
ANCHIN and Senator K
AINE said yesterday, along with 17 Democrats. We wanted a bipartisan al-ternative that didn’t create new incen-tives for shipping jobs overseas and that didn’t jack up the deficit, but I certainly was surprised when I saw early on that Senate Republicans, who had given so many speeches on their concern about the deficit, said: It is kind of OK with us if we have a net def-icit of $1.5 trillion. And as the Joint Committee on Taxation has essentially indicated to me, it would be higher than that. All of the deficit hawks in the Repub-lican Party just flew away. That was surprising because it seems like just yesterday when the Congress couldn’t buy lunch without a whole cast of Re-publican deficit hawks doing some pretty serious hollering about the def-icit. But based on history, what is com-ing next is pretty predictable. We have seen the movie before. The deficit hawks come flying back after ideas like the one we are looking at in the Senate become law. We have already heard the Speaker say, what is next? Entitlement reform, which means Medicare, Medicaid, and anti-hunger programs. The Speaker said that is what is next. That is next on the docket. Ev-erybody listening ought to know that is code for attack, and it is multiple fronts on these kinds of programs for the most vulnerable people in our country—the lifeline programs, the safety net programs I have just de-scribed. What we are going to hear, be-cause this is the script from earlier movies, is we have these big deficits. Oh, my goodness. There is a lot of red ink. America can’t afford the safety net. They will say we have to do some-thing. Instead of being willing to go after the people at the top, history says the people who really face the bur-den of those deficit reductions are the most vulnerable. The first big legislative push after the Bush tax cuts, for example, was an all-out assault on Social Security. The fact that it was stopped doesn’t mean Medicare or Medicaid or other safety net programs like Social Security are going to be safe this time around. The policy on offer, in my view, is simply a disaster. It makes a mockery of the approach Ronald Reagan took with a big group of Democrats. I know so many of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle admire President Reagan greatly. This bill is the oppo-site of what President Reagan did. What President Reagan did is he said to those big multinational corpora-tions: I have to ask you to give up some money in order to make sure the middle class, the individual ratepayer, will get a fair shake. This is just the opposite—180 degrees away from what Ronald Reagan did. We are going to have an amendment on the middle class pretty soon, but what could be more stark than the fact that the tax cuts for the multinationals are permanent, and the relief for the mid-dle class is temporary. This bill is the opposite, the total opposite, of what Ronald Reagan worked on in 1986. Our colleague Senator E
NZI—and I have worked with him often, and I am sad to see us have such differing views on this—said we have had 70 hearings. I can tell you, the once storied Senate Finance Committee never even at-tempted once to craft a bipartisan bill. We said for months that was our pref-erence. That was what was stated in the letter the vast majority of Senate Democrats signed. That is what we said when we were invited to the White House to meet with the President. We said it repeatedly. I mentioned the two bills I wrote. They are the only two bipartisan Fed-eral income tax reform bills—the only two we have had since 1986. By the way, they didn’t go as far as Ronald Reagan went. Ronald Reagan, in 1986, said, for purposes of taxes, a dollar is a dollar is a dollar. We are going to have the same rate for those who make money on invest-ments that we do for those cops and nurses who get that wage, that ordi-nary income. I have indicated on the floor that Senator Bradley, former New York Knick—and as I like to say, an-other tall Democrat who served on the Senate Finance Committee with a much better jump shot than mine—is incredulous at this process. He is just slack-jawed when he asks about what is being done to bring both sides to-gether. Senator Bradley, and others on the Republican side, in 1986, flew all over the United States to get together with senior Republicans and Jim Baker, Richard Dorman, and others to talk about the specifics of getting bi-partisan tax reform together. You hear the stories, and you see that is the way you tackle an issue like this. Bill Brad-ley flew all over the country to work with Republicans to get a bipartisan tax reform bill. Right now, the major-ity on the Senate Finance Committee wouldn’t walk down the corridor of the Dirksen building once to talk about anything resembling how we would put together a bipartisan proposal. So the process we have seen here makes a mockery out of Reagan-style reform. Some have asked, was this fore-ordained, did it have to be. I have al-ready made it clear that I don’t think it had to be. It is hard work putting to-gether a bipartisan bill. Senator Gregg, for example, when he was in the Sen-ate, I think was one of Leader MCCON-
NELL ’s top economic advisers—chair-man of the Budget Committee. We used to say in our house, Judd Gregg is scary smart. We sat next to each other in chairs in our office for almost 2 years to put together a bill. It is heavy lifting, but it can be done. A lot of that work was brought into other efforts since then—the question of the Bush proposal, bipartisan commissions, or a variety of other ones. It is pretty hard to do when the majority leader says, on the first day, the very first day out, we are going to use the most partisan process—budget reconciliation and, in effect, say: What we are telling the other party is we don’t want your ideas because we don’t need your votes. Sometimes it got almost a little ridic-ulous because I know there were times when statements were made by the Re-publican leadership that no Democrats were interested in bipartisan tax re-form, despite the fact that in the few instances where a White House official would call and ask our opinion, Senate Democrats would meet. That was the point of the press conference that was held yesterday with 17 Democrats from various parts of the country, as well as legislation I have described that was written. By the way, in the work product Re-publicans finally produced, they took 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.044 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7397 November 29, 2017 
some of the ideas from the bipartisan bills; for example, increasing the standard deduction, but we tripled the standard deduction without any takeaways, like the State and local de-duction or the permanent exemptions, and what that meant is, in the bipar-tisan bills, if you passed something like that, people adjust their wages, and immediately working-class folks get hundreds and hundreds of dollars more in every paycheck. Not only were there no discussions—and I have seen Republican Senators stand out on the floor sometimes and hold up a sign: What we are doing is the Wyden-Coats bill. Nothing could be further from the truth, whether it is on the inter-national provisions I mentioned or the personal provisions. I was so proud to stand with Senate Democrats in a meeting yesterday put together by Senators Manchin and Kaine, once again, stating that it doesn’t have to be this way. What is the rush to take taxes for multinational corporations from 35 to 20 percent? Back when I was working with Senator Gregg and Senator Coats, the Republicans, we didn’t have multi-national corporations saying we should go to 20 percent. The difference be-tween 25 and 20 percent is $500 billion. My colleagues yesterday were say-ing—moderate Democrats—we are seri-ous about tax reform, both on the indi-vidual and the corporate side, but it ought to be based on bipartisan give- and-take, not something like we have seen. Republicans in Congress and the ad-ministration’s top salesmen have spent months and months telling the Amer-ican people that in the long run, their bill is going to pay for itself with ex-plosive growth. They had cheerleaders, those who cooked up these phony growth forecasts based on revenue-neu-tral reform proposals that don’t exist. Respected economists will tell you tax cuts don’t pay for themselves. In fact, when we had a chance to have some discussion not about a specific bill but some ideas about taxes, the Republican economists who were before the Fi-nance Committee said the tax cuts wouldn’t pay for themselves. The honest predictions say that any growth caused by this bill is going to be modest. After they have spent years insisting—I can’t tell you how many times I heard this—that we would have dynamic scores, Republican Senators are rushing the independent score-keepers to try to get a thorough anal-ysis, but we don’t have it as we are on this floor debating the bill. Finally, we ought to forget that this bill has been getting a rewrite behind closed doors for weeks now. A number of my colleagues on the other said what was important to them is we have what is called regular order. Regular order is probably not a concept people talk about in too many coffee shops unless they traditionally get eggs or toast or something, but what it means is, you have a process where both sides work together, and you have a chance to discuss ideas and differing ap-proaches or offers. We haven’t had any-thing like that. We haven’t had an open process with open debate and real amendments. What we have seen is a mad dash to pass a bill that can’t stand scrutiny in broad daylight. If this bill really got scrutinized and had a chance to be examined, we would see a lot of Americans coming to their Senators and saying: Senator, no way—no way— should you support that bill. What is on offer is a plan to force working people and working-class fam-ilies to pay for handouts to multi-national corporations and tax cheats. This bill does not deserve to pass. My view is, it really doesn’t deserve the ink that was used to print it on paper. The process that has culminated in this scramble to drive this through, drive it through with the most arbi-trary process imaginable, I consider shameful. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, the last time Congress modernized the Tax Code was in 1986. That was more than 30 years ago, which is quite obvious to anybody who can subtract. In the gen-erations since, the Tax Code has grown out of control. It has been a dream come true for whom? The professionals in accounting and the lobbyists who protect the loopholes. But it happens to be a real nightmare for most Ameri-cans. I would say, for most Members of Congress, as one reads regularly, very few Members of Congress do their own taxes. The outdated Tax Code helps the powerful and the well connected but hurts American workers. It hurts American industry, and it hurts Amer-ica’s ability to compete with the rest of the world. That means lower wages and less employment. The bill that passed out of the Fi-nance Committee moves us very much in the right direction to make our Tax Code simpler, fairer, and more com-petitive. At the heart of the legislation is a middle-class tax cut. A typical family of four with two children mak-ing $59,000 a year could see a tax cut of more than $1,700. That is very signifi-cant tax relief, but you would never know it by listening to the rhetoric of my colleagues of the other political party. They have repeatedly recited the tired line that Republicans are only interested in giving tax cuts to the wealthy. In fact, they began push-ing that narrative even before this bill was written. In going way back to Sep-tember, they started analyzing a bill that didn’t even exist. It was a charge made by a document that was put out, called the Big Six framework. But the framework was no piece of legislation; it merely provided guidelines from which to start for the tax-writing com-mittees. The partisan Tax Policy Center then filled in the gaps with policy assump-tions and crafted an analysis to fit its narrative and its analysis of a piece of legislation that had not even been written. The problem is that its nar-rative hasn’t changed. The Finance Committee provided policy details that it should have used to change its nar-rative, but it still keeps with the same old rhetoric. I think even the Tax Pol-icy Center would have to agree that the Finance Committee’s product dif-fers drastically from the underlying as-sumptions of its initial analysis. I am going to try to explain what the Tax Policy Center says about the tax law that we ought to pass in compari-son to our bill, and you will see that there seems to be a real closeness in some of the ideas that ought to be done that we get from the left that are in this bill, but they don’t even recognize it. The Finance Committee used all of the available tools it was granted under the unified framework to target more relief to middle-income taxpayers and retain the progressivity of the Tax Code. Let’s take a look at some of the major features of the Finance’s bill and how it provides relief for the Nation’s middle-class and low-income earners. First, it nearly doubles the standard deduction, which means that many lower income Americans will be re-moved from the tax rolls completely and that tax filing season will be sim-pler for millions more. Second, it dou-bles the child tax credit from $1,000 to $2,000 and moderately increases its refundability. Both of these are made possible in large part by repealing per-sonal exemptions. Personal exemptions for the taxpayer and spouse help to in-crease the standard deduction, and the personal exemptions for children help with increasing the child tax credit. Interestingly enough, these provi-sions mirror a proposal that was put out by the leftwing Tax Policy Center in December of just last year. Nearly identical to the Finance bill, the very liberal Tax Policy Center’s paper ar-gued for repealing personal exemp-tions, nearly doubling the standard de-duction, and increasing the child tax credit to $2,012. According to the au-thors of the liberal Tax Policy Center’s proposal, such a change would ‘‘reduce complexity, remove inequities, and mitigate marriage penalties.’’ That is exactly what the bill before the Senate does, but they don’t seem to recognize that. They sure wanted that as a goal last year. The fact is that these changes pro-vide more tax relief to the middle class and at the same time simplify the Tax Code. As the liberal Tax Policy Cen-ter’s paper points out, the value of the personal exemption is largely depend-ent on the tax bracket of the taxpayer. The higher the tax bracket, the more benefit that comes from the personal exemption. In comparison, the child tax credit generally lowers a tax-payer’s tax liability dollar for dollar regardless of the tax bracket. As a re-sult, repealing the personal exemption 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.046 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7398 November 29, 2017 
in favor of expanding the child tax credit makes the Tax Code more pro-gressive and targets more relief to lower and middle-income taxpayers. Admittedly, there are some dif-ferences between what was suggested by the liberal Tax Policy Center and what is in the bill before us. Its pro-posal would have been more generous on the refundable feature of the child tax credit, but on the opposite end, it would have made the child tax credit available to everyone, including to mil-lionaires. The Finance’s bill is less gen-erous to the affluent because it phases out the credit for married taxpayers with incomes of over $500,000. One would think that those on the other side—meaning the Democratic Party— in their finding fault with this bill, would offer some credit for taking this rather progressive approach to pro-viding family tax relief, but no. They continue repeating their line over and over that this bill is a tax cut for the wealthy. Another major feature of the Fi-nance’s bill that provides relief to mid-dle-class and lower income earners is the reduction of tax rates for middle- bracket taxpayers. First, it retains the 10-percent bracket, which many on the other side expressed concern about being repealed based on the Big Six framework. They were wrong in using the framework, but they have not ad-mitted that. Next, it lowers the current law’s 15- percent bracket to 12 percent and ex-pands its applicability. Additionally, it reduces what is es-sentially the current law bracket of 25 percent down to 22 percent and what is essentially today’s current law 28-per-cent bracket to a much wider 24-per-cent bracket. These rate reductions target tax relief to the very heart of America’s middle class. One may be wondering how this mid-dle-class tax relief bill will be fi-nanced—largely by repealing the State and local tax deduction, also known as the SALT deduction. Our colleagues on the other side have tried to argue that the repealing of the State and local tax deduction is a tax increase on the mid-dle class. Nothing could be further from the truth in considering the re-duced tax brackets, which I just dis-cussed, in combination with the higher standard deduction and the doubled child tax credit. The repeal of the State and local tax deduction is actually a very key piece of this legislation that makes the mid-dle-class tax cuts possible. The State and local tax deduction overwhelm-ingly benefits the so-called wealthy, who our colleagues on the other side vehemently argue should receive no tax benefits under this bill. I am going to tell you now how the liberal elements in this town see the State and local tax deduction as some-thing that should have gone away any-way, and now they are complaining be-cause we are doing away with it. Don’t take my word for it. Here is what sev-eral partisan think tanks have said about the State and local tax deduc-tion in the past. According to the Tax Policy Center— remember that is the leftwing organi-zation finding fault with the bill even before it was written—about 40 percent of the State and local tax deduction benefit goes to taxpayers with incomes exceeding $500,000. So we do away with the State and local tax deduction be-cause it benefits wealthy people, and they don’t give us any credit for it. Keep in mind that tax filers with in-comes of half a million or more make up only about 1 percent of all tax filers, making it a very lopsided benefit. Here is what the very leftwing Center for American Progress has said about the State and local tax deduction: 
The deduction for state and local taxes dis-proportionately benefits high-income tax-payers, property owners, and residents of high-tax states. That is because these groups pay the most taxes at the state and local level. It also benefits high-income taxpayers because any kind of deduction is worth more to people in high tax brackets than in low tax brackets. 
I just finished quoting the Center for American Progress, which said that the State and local tax deduction ought to be done away with because it benefits wealthy people. Yet they complain to us that our tax bill is a tax benefit for the wealthy. To further illustrate who eliminating the State and local tax benefit really hits, I would like to highlight a recent Bloomberg article entitled ‘‘Tax-Hike Fears Trigger Talk of Exodus From Manhattan and Greenwich.’’ This arti-cle is not about the concerns of middle- class police officers or teachers on re-peal of the State and local tax deduc-tion. Instead, it highlights concerns of wealthy hedge fund managers who may now consider moving out of the high- tax State of New York. The Bloomberg article states: 
The problem for the Connecticut hedge- fund set—and, more broadly, for a lot of the Wall Street crowd—is that Republican pro-posals in both the House and Senate would drive up taxes for many high-earners in the New York City area. By eliminating the de-duction for most state and local taxes, an in-dividual making a yearly salary of $1 million . . . would owe the Internal Revenue Service an additional $21,000. 
This legislation repeals that deduc-tion and makes the person making a yearly salary of $1 million pay $21,000 more in taxes, and liberal groups are proposing doing away with it, and we put it in our bill so that we don’t let these wealthy people get the benefit of the tax deduction, and they don’t rec-ognize it. So I ask my colleagues on the left: Are you prepared to go to bat over SALT deductions for millionaire hedge fund managers? From listening to my Democratic colleagues’ rhetoric, I am really sur-prised by this article. I thought Repub-licans were all about ‘‘tax cuts for the wealthy’’ and giveaways to Wall Street. But this article suggests other-wise. In fact, these types of taxpayers are likely to experience sizable tax hikes under the proposal on the Senate floor now. According to the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation, by 2023, nearly 30 percent of taxpayers with incomes exceeding $1 million will experience a tax hike. That does not sound like a giveaway to the wealthy to me. I yield the floor. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that motions to commit be printed in the RECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. WYDEN moves to commit the bill H.R. 1 to the Committee on Finance with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) eliminate provisions that would raise taxes on millions of middle class taxpayers. M
OTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Wyden moves to commit the bill H.R. 1 to the Committee on Finance with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) are made through regular order and a bipartisan process resulting in substantive provisions contributed by both parties. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L EE). The Senator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I agree with my colleagues that we need tax reform, but we need tax reform that simplifies the Tax Code, bolsters the middle class, and helps small busi-nesses to create jobs. I think we can do that, and we can do that in a fiscally responsible way, but we need to work together, Republicans and Democrats, as we did the last time we did tax re-form. Unfortunately, these priorities are not reflected in the bill that is before us. Instead, it is a partisan, fiscally ir-responsible giveaway to the wealthy and the largest corporations in this country, and it comes at the expense of the middle class and small businesses. We know that the wealthiest Ameri-cans will see massive tax breaks from this bill, including President Trump himself. In fact, the New York Times has estimated that President Trump and his family would save more than $1 billion from this tax bill. How does this legislation pay for these tax cuts? Well, it asks today’s middle class and future generations to foot the bill. The nonpartisan analysis from the Joint Committee on Taxation has found that the bill will raise taxes on millions of middle-class families making less than $75,000 a year. The bill sunsets any middle-class tax breaks in 2026, and at the same time it makes tax breaks for large corpora-tions permanent. It increases the na-tional debt by $1.5 trillion. I think the headline in the current Forbes Magazine says it all. It says 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.050 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7399 November 29, 2017 
‘‘The GOP Tax Bill Is The End Of All Economic Sanity In Washington.’’ As more people look at this bill, they are beginning to see how it will hurt mid-dle-class families across the country. Over the past few weeks, I have heard more and more concerns from people throughout New Hampshire, and I just want to take a minute to highlight some of these concerns. I met recently with the New Hampshire Realtors and homebuilders. They are major advo-cates for home ownership in New Hampshire. They told me that this bill is nothing short of an attack on home ownership. In particular, they are con-cerned about the impact of repealing the State and local tax deduction, which would be a huge hit to middle- class families in New Hampshire. Right now, more than 200,000 Granite State homeowners use the State and local tax deductions so that they are not double-taxed. That is about one-third of taxpayers in New Hampshire. It is particularly important to us where property taxes account for 66 percent of all State and local taxes. That is a higher share than any other State in the country. Homeowners are also concerned about proposals to limit the mortgage interest deduction, including on home equity lines of credit, where home-owners in New Hampshire are going to get hurt more than others because we have approximately 14 percent of homeowners who have a home equity line of credit, compared to 3.8 percent nationally. The result is, according to the Realtors and the homebuilders, that home values will decline signifi-cantly. According to the Association of Real-tors, this bill will put downward pres-sure on home values by as much as 18 percent in New Hampshire and 10 per-cent nationally. If we look at this chart for New Hampshire, we can ex-trapolate this across the rest of the economy. If we look at this tax bill, this is the impact on homeowners in New Hamp-shire. Values are going to be reduced by about 18 percent. That is equivalent to what we saw after the financial meltdown in 2008, where, again, we had about that same reduction in property values—about 18 percent. That is a huge hit for us in New Hampshire and for people across the country. I thought the Realtors put it very well when they said: It is simply unfair to ask homeowners, who pay 83 percent of all Federal income taxes, to take a greater tax burden so that the biggest corporations in this country can have steep tax cuts. It doesn’t make sense. I also heard significant concern from students, colleges, and businesses that this bill will raise taxes on students trying to get the skills they need to get ahead. That is really crazy because when we do that, we don’t create the workforce we need for the future. The House bill, for example, would elimi-nate the ability of individuals to de-duct the interest on their student loans, and it would tax graduate stu-dents on tuition assistance. I heard from a graduate student who, right now, is making $20,000 a year on a sti-pend. That is what he is trying to live on. If this bill goes into effect, he will pay $5,000 of that in taxes. It doesn’t make sense. We need to be encouraging our students to get graduate and high-er education degrees so that they can take on the jobs of the future. Again, in New Hampshire, it is a par-ticular problem, where student loan debt is higher than the national aver-age. For the graduating class of 2016, New Hampshire had the highest per capita student loan debt in the coun-try. The average debt for New Hamp-shire graduates was $36,367. We know, nationally, student loan debt has roughly tripled since 2004 to a stag-gering $1.3 trillion. That is higher than the total credit card debt. What this legislation is likely to do is to make that worse for young people who are trying to get out of college, have their student loans paid, get married, start families, buy a house. If they continue to have this impact, they are not going to be able to do any of those things. The top challenge that faces New Hampshire businesses and so many businesses across this country is find-ing skilled workers. The last thing we should be doing is making education more expensive. I also serve as the ranking member on the Senate Small Business Com-mittee. Small businesses employ more than half of our workforce. They make up more than 99 percent of all employ-ers. We need to work in a bipartisan way to enact tax reform that supports our small businesses. Again, this bill, unfortunately, doesn’t provide mean-ingful reform for small businesses and the problems they are facing with the Tax Code. First of all, this bill doesn’t address the top issue that we have heard from small businesses—tax sim-plification and the cutting of redtape in our Tax Code. For entrepreneurs, time is one of their most valuable resources. Every wasted hour spent filling out forms or navigating confusing tax rules is an hour they can’t spend innovating, mar-keting, and growing their businesses. The tax system is so difficult to navi-gate that 89 percent of small businesses turn to outside tax preparers to fill out their forms and file their returns. The compliance burden for small businesses is 67 percent higher than it is for large businesses, and it costs about $18 bil-lion annually. Tax reform should be an opportunity to help us help small businesses focus on what they do best, and that is run-ning their business. Instead, this bill will result in even more redtape and complexity. According to a former Joint Com-mittee on Taxation economist, if this bill becomes law: 
Treasury will be writing regulations and Congress will be enacting technical correc-tions for years. There are more ticking time bombs in this bill than in a Roadrunner car-toon. A recent poll of small business own-ers from Businesses for Responsible Tax Reform found that a majority of them oppose the plan. This is polling that has just been done in the last week or so; 61 percent oppose, and only 28 percent support. Small businesses are even more con-cerned about the impact this tax bill will have on our debt and deficit. In fact, 61 percent of small business own-ers oppose raising the debt by $1.5 tril-lion to pay for tax cuts. Increasing the debt will inhibit our ability to address the real challenges facing small businesses, such as edu-cating a skilled workforce, building out broadband in rural areas, and fix-ing our broken infrastructure. Then there is the repeal of the indi-vidual mandate, which is a part of this tax proposal. According to CBO, repeal-ing the individual mandate, as this bill does, would cause 13 million Americans to become uninsured by 2027. It would sharply raise premiums for those who purchase insurance on the individual market. Now, we have heard from our col-leagues that they think that including the Alexander-Murray legislation would help address that, but that is not designed to address the underlying healthcare bill that we have in this country. All that will do is address the uncertainty in the marketplace. Repealing the individual mandate is going to deny health insurance to mil-lions of Americans. It is going to cost middle-income families more, and, ulti-mately, it is going to have an impact on people’s abilities to provide for their families and the long-term health of this Nation. That is not the kind of investment we should be making in the future of this country. There are many more issues with this tax bill, but my time is limited. If we look at who is opposed to this bill, there are so many organizations: the Realtors, the homebuilders, the AARP, and the Fraternal Order of Police. They have all come out in opposition, and that is just to name a few. I have heard from nearly 3,000 Gran-ite Staters who have expressed their opposition to the impact of this bill, and as more and more people have a chance to read it, that number is going to continue to grow. You know I want to work with my colleagues here. I think Republicans and Democrats should genuinely re-form the Tax Code. It is long overdue. But we need to do it in a way that is transparent, that looks at where we want to go in the future and what we need to be investing in in this country. We need to work in a bipartisan way that puts the middle class and small businesses first and that doesn’t leave a massive debt for our children and grandchildren. If we pass this legisla-tion, that is exactly what we are going to be doing—leaving future generations to deal with a massive debt without 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.052 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7400 November 29, 2017 
the benefits of the investment that we should be making in this country. So it is a sad day for America. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I am honored to follow my distinguished colleague from New Hampshire and begin, actually, where she finished. This massive tax cut has indeed so many ticking timebombs that are un-known at the moment because it has been rushed and rammed through this body, as well as the House, without the kind of regular order that should be given—the intense scrutiny and atten-tion that is due a historic, massive measure of this kind. The idea that it has regular order is absolutely absurd. If this is regular order, it is surely regular order lite. There have barely been the most cur-sory of hearings—barely an excuse for hearings—no real markup, no real op-portunity for the public to be heard, no real scrutiny of the complicated and numerous provisions that will affect people for years, decades, maybe gen-erations to come. The last tax cut was in 1985. The last so-called reform, passed in the mid- 1980s, involved scores of hearings, meetings, and sessions for the public to be heard, dwarfing, making a mockery of this process. This process has been, in fact, a mockery of democracy. It is a classic bait and switch. It is a prom-ise that is unfulfilled—a tax cut, ini-tially, for people, which then dis-appears after a couple of years, when the wealthy continue to enjoy their tax cut. There are winners and losers in this measure. Let’s be very blunt. The win-ners are the wealthy. The losers are the middle class. The winners are spe-cial interests. The losers are the Amer-ican people. The winners are people who already have it made. The losers are people who want to fulfill the American Dream and make it for them-selves, people who are pulling up the ladder for others to climb and to make it real for them. The measure that we have before us is the result of a promise—middle-class tax cuts—and that promise was made by Donald Trump, who said also that he would not benefit. He sent his Small Business Administration Adminis-trator, Linda McMahon, to Connecticut to say: ‘‘Everyone will experience a tax cut.’’ This plan is a scam. Yes, some people will receive a tax cut initially, but if you earn less than $75,000 within the next decade, you will be worse off under this plan. In Connecticut that means that 468,200 taxpayers in the bottom 80 percent of income distribu-tion will experience a tax hike under this plan. The majority of people in Connecticut are losers, even though there may be a wealthy segment at the very top of the income distribution who are winners. Our children and grandchildren are surely losers because they will inherit the whirlwind of additional debt. The $1.5 trillion underestimates the amount of debt that will be added. I saw a car-toon in one of the newspapers that showed a rowboat filled with water, and one of the characters said to the other: Drill another hole in the bottom of the boat to let the water out. And the sea was the Dead Sea. That is what this measure does. It fills our boat— not only ours but our children’s and grandchildren’s boats—with additional debt. They are losers even though the wealthiest are winners. The losers include, also, first re-sponders. Earlier this month, the presi-dent of the Fraternal Order of Police wrote a letter to the House and the Senate leadership urging Members of Congress to protect the State and local deduction as it is. This measure elimi-nates that State and local deduction, devastating for Connecticut but also for first responders, firemen, and police across the country, and our teachers who depend on the adequacy of Federal funding for essential services, which will be reduced. Because there is no incentive for State and local taxes—they can’t be de-ducted anymore—States like Con-necticut, New York, and California, we know are the losers and our middle- class taxpayers are losers. That is why the National Education Association has found that gutting the State and local tax deduction will seriously harm already underfunded public education, risking nearly 250,000 education jobs, including over 5,000 teacher jobs in the State of Connecticut. It will lead to about $250 billion in cuts to public edu-cation over the next decade. While we are talking about education, there is eliminating the deduction for interest on student loans. What could be more stupid at a time when we are encour-aging young people to invest in their futures and we should be investing in them? Ultimately, also, the losers are our job creators, the folks who need infra-structure, which will go unrepaired. Our roads, bridges, railroads, VA facili-ties, broadband, airports, and ports are all desperately in need of rebuilding— not just repair but true rebuilding, modernization, and innovation. There is no requirement or oppor-tunity here for repatriation of the tril-lions of dollars parked overseas. There is no provision for any sort of incentive for companies to repatriate and invest in an infrastructure bank. So we will continue to see neglect and disregard for that very important infrastructure. It is clear who will be the winners. Despite all these losers, corporations that move overseas to evade taxes and benefit from special interest loopholes to lower their effective tax rates are going to be richly rewarded. Senate Republicans have decided to open the Arctic National Wildlife Ref-uge for oil and gas drilling. Those special interests are the win-ners. The bill borrows $1.5 trillion so those special interests and corpora-tions can have those benefits, but it will also line the pockets of those cor-porate CEOs—not just the corporations but the CEOs. That is equivalent to the cost of all veterans’ healthcare and benefit payments to every single vet-eran in America over the next decade. With $1.5 trillion, by the way, you could also pay off all the student loan debt in America. Think of the dif-ference in lives that would make. Think of all the young students debt free. Think of the vistas and the dreams that could be fulfilled. Think of the economic growth that would be generated. Think also of the false promises and the bait and switch. When corporate CEOs were asked by the President’s chief economic adviser, Gary Cohn, how many of them will create jobs with these corporate tax cuts, nary a hand went up in the audience. That is a pic-ture that says a thousand words. I end my words now simply with a warning that Americans, far from buy-ing this bait and switch, will see the proof in their pocketbooks and wallets. They will see the result of this consum-mately partisan measure run through without regular order, without real consideration, without the scrutiny that it needs and deserves, without public and popular support if we move ahead as the Republican leadership ap-parently appears intent on doing. Now is the time for us to show some back-bone. I urge my colleagues to do it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nebraska. Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise this evening to speak about tax reform, which is so important for families in Nebraska and throughout this country. The last time Congress comprehen-sively reformed the Tax Code was in 1986, and we all agree it is long over-due. My priorities for tax reform have always been threefold: delivering relief to the middle-class, unleashing small business growth, and making our coun-try competitive globally. This bill be-fore us accomplishes these goals. American families have struggled over the past decade, and too many in our country have found themselves liv-ing paycheck to paycheck. Wages for workers have stagnated while the prices of goods and services have con-tinued to climb. Things are only just starting to turn around and, as I travel across my State, Nebraskans have begun to tell me they are finally feel-ing confident about the economy again. That needs to continue, and the best way to do it is by putting more money back into the pockets of regular Amer-icans. This bill does that in one of the best ways possible, by doubling the standard deduction and protecting the first $24,000 that married couples earn and the first $12,000 individuals earn from Federal taxes. Increasing the standard deduction is pro-family, and it helps to foster the American dream. It not only leads to Americans keeping more of their hard- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.053 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7401 November 29, 2017 
earned money, but it also means that simplifying the code will help them save money in tax preparation as well. According to the nonpartisan Tax Foundation, a married couple with two kids making $85,000 per year, will see their taxes decrease by $2,224. This re-form provides money that will allow Americans to plan for their future and to pay their bills. It can be a downpay-ment on a house or it can be put away for future college tuition or for retire-ment. It gives millions of earners more empowerment to use these savings for their lives as they see fit. Simplifying the code isn’t the only family-focused provision included in this legislation. The Senate bill dou-bles the child tax credit from $1,000 to $2,000 per child. According to the De-partment of Agriculture, parents of a child born in 2015 are likely to spend more than $233,000 raising a child to age 17. That doesn’t even include col-lege tuition. Doubling the child tax credit will allow families to keep up to an additional $4,000 every year if they have two children or more. This credit builds a stronger future by helping families all across our country keep more money to raise happy and healthy children. In addition to these changes, this leg-islation will preserve many other pop-ular deductions. This includes the charitable deduction, medical expense deduction, the student loan interest de-duction, the mortgage interest deduc-tion, and the low-income housing tax credit. This bill also continues popular savings programs such as the 401(k)s and individual retirement accounts. These saving incentives are key tools that allow individuals to provide for their families and to prepare for retire-ment. It empowers Americans to plan ahead. There are also commonsense provi-sions in this bill that have been over-looked during the current debate. These are changes everyone here can agree are long overdue. For example, this reform takes away the tax-exempt status for professional sports leagues. We all love sports, but professional sports leagues like the NFL and the PGA shouldn’t be allowed to use ex-emptions for nonprofits to avoid pay-ing taxes. These are for-profit leagues where commissioners make tens of mil-lions of dollars. They should be treated for what they are, and that is a money- making enterprise. I also want to take the time to ad-dress a misconception. Some have ar-gued that this bill will tax the tuition waivers graduate students receive from their universities as a part of attending to their studies. There is no such provi-sion. Ph.D. research is a staple of high-er education, and it drives our Nation’s innovation. It helps us better under-stand our world and often leads to in-credible technological advancements. We in the Senate support graduate studies, and none of us want to make it more difficult to obtain graduate de-grees or do research at the highest lev-els. We will not be taxing you for tui-tion you don’t pay while earning a master’s or doctorate degree. There are some other important pro-visions in this bill that haven’t gotten the attention they deserve, and I want to take a moment to discuss some of them. The Senate tax reform retains nearly all of the education incentives that are present in the current Tax Code for students and for teachers. For example, we keep the Hope credit, which allows taxpayers a credit of up to $2,500 per student, per year, for qualified tuition or related expenses. We also keep both the Coverdell and the 529 education savings accounts. These accounts promote saving for school, and they help parents prepare for future tuition. Finally, we double the educator deduction, which helps teachers make their classrooms as friendly for learning as possible. This is a pro-education tax reform bill, and it acknowledges education is a key to our country’s future success. We must also recognize that our economy has changed over the last few decades, and our Tax Code needs to catch up to the times. We have the chance to make history, one that will help working families. My Strong Fam-ilies Act, which is included in this leg-islation, would be the first nationwide paid family leave policy in American history. If we want to build a better fu-ture for our children, we must tackle problems for families juggling those re-sponsibilities between home and the workplace. This plan has the potential to make life much easier for working families across our country by providing a tax credit as large as 25 percent for em-ployers who offer up to 12 weeks of paid family leave to their employees. Under programs set up by employers, employ-ees would be able to take an hour, a day, or weeks off for purposes like tak-ing care of a sick child or an ailing par-ent to make sure they get to a doctor’s appointment. They could also take ma-ternity or paternity leave to bond with a newborn or recently adopted child. In 21st century America, the number of dual-income households is on the rise. According to the Department of Labor, 70 percent of mothers with chil-dren under 19 participate in the labor force, with over 75 percent employed full time. For those without the means to take unpaid time off, the burdens of caregiving are a real burden. A recent study from the Pew Research Center found that most individuals who make higher salaries usually have access to some kind of paid family leave, but those making less than that are not al-ways covered. This is why my paid family leave plan limits eligibility to those earning below $72,000 per year. We want these benefits to target hour-ly and lower salaried workers. We want to increase access to paid family leave for those who need it the most. While my friends on the other side of the aisle focus on the stick approach to paid family leave—pushing mandates or the creation of new government pro-grams—this bill pursues the carrot ap-proach, and Americans agree with us. A recent study showed that 87 percent of Americans supported a limited gov-ernment approach that enables em-ployers to provide the benefit them-selves. It is not hard to understand why. The plan balances the need of 21st century workers with the real-world challenges that small businesses face today. Eric Dinger, who is the CEO of a Lincoln startup named Powderhook, put it the best. Eric told me: 
I want to offer my employees paid leave, but a mandate forcing me to do so would be hard. I have to make payroll. [The Strong Family Act] is much more workable and wouldn’t provide a disincentive to hire any-one. 
I agree. Another of my constituents, Alison Ritter—an employee at Applied Sys-tems, Inc., in Lincoln—is helping her company’s leadership develop a paid leave policy. In reaction to my bill being included in the tax reform pro-posal before us, she told me: 
This concept would change the game for many newborn babies and their parents, al-lowing them the time they need to bond and establish a nursing routine without as much of the stress and guilt they face today. It would provide families with the financial support they need in order to do what’s best for their family, but also help businesses that struggle with putting a plan in place due to the financial burden extended ab-sences create. . . . Our country wins when we focus on and invest in healthier families. 
Sara Rasby, who is the co-owner of Lotus House of Yoga, which has loca-tions across my State agreed: 
It is refreshing to see a policy that sup-ports the family and small business unit. As co-owner of a small business and a mother of two young children, I know firsthand how challenging it can be without paid leave. A mother and/or family needs time to adjust and bond. . . . This bill would help parents, families, and small business owners be more at ease with the transitions and changes that come with maternity leave. Additionally, it will create more community awareness on the importance of supporting the family structure through policy. 
We need to get this done for people like Eric, Alison, Sara, and other busi-ness owners, caregivers, and working parents throughout the country. I also said my goal in this process is to promote policies that will ensure small businesses succeed. There are over 29 million small businesses throughout our country, and these small firms drive our economy. They have generated over 60 percent of the new jobs created over the last two dec-ades and have made up nearly 98 per-cent of our exports. They are often the face of our country to the world. This reform will provide small busi-nesses with additional incentives to in-vest and grow. When small businesses make money, they invest it back into their businesses and help grow their local economy. Places like Lincoln and Omaha are well known to the entrepre-neurial community as bustling hubs of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.055 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7402 November 29, 2017 
innovation. This bill provides a 17.4- percent deduction for the large major-ity of small businesses, which will lower their tax bills and give them more financial flexibility. The preser-vation of things like the 1031 like-kind exchanges and the stepped-up basis will further help our small businesses, espe-cially agriculture businesses. Small businesses don’t have the pro-fessional resources to deal with the Tax Code that comes in at over 74,000 pages. Simply doing taxes—let alone paying them—has become a burden on too many of our small companies. Moreover, they cannot take advantage of all the corporate deductions or the little-known loopholes like big compa-nies can. This is not fair. It hurts our competitiveness globally, stifles strong economic growth, and it favors big cor-porations, which have offices full of lawyers and accountants. This tax re-form lessens this disparity and de-serves support from everyone who wants to promote American entrepreneurialism. Lastly, this legislation goes a long way toward making America competi-tive internationally. A large part of this is lowering the corporate tax rate. At 35 percent, America’s corporate tax rate is a full 13 percentage points high-er than the average rate of our com-petitors from the developed world. This is a big reason why companies are flee-ing our shores, and they are choosing to set up their headquarters or invest outside of America. These so-called in-versions have been on the rise in recent years, and there is little reason to think that trend will reverse if we stand by and do nothing. This legislation will put us in line with our trading partners and, once again, make America an attractive place for business, which will lead to more jobs and higher wages for our country. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
MOTION TO COMMIT  
Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak for 3 min-utes to wrap up on the first vote we are going to have on my motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, this first motion, the first motion the Senate is going to vote on, is a straightforward proposition. The motion says: Let us send this bill back to the Senate Fi-nance Committee on a bipartisan basis and come up with a plan that actually works for the middle class. I am going to wrap up just by recap-ping the Republican rhetoric on this tax plan. First, it was said to be a guaranteed middle-class tax cut. Then, it was merely focused on the middle class. Next, it was an average tax cut across a variety of income cohorts. Now the numbers are actually in. Re-publicans want to run up enough red ink to threaten Medicare and Social Security and still raise taxes on more than half of the middle class. The Sen-ate, on a bipartisan basis, can do better than this. I urge my colleagues to support this proposal to send the bill back to the Finance Committee and, on a bipar-tisan basis, come up with tax reform that actually works for the middle class. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the Wyden motion. Mr. WYDEN. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. MCCAIN). The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 48, nays 51, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 285 Leg.] YEAS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—51 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NOT VOTING—1 
McCain 
The motion was rejected. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1618 (Purpose: To improve the bill) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on behalf of Senators H
ATCH and M UR-
KOWSKI , I call up amendment No. 1618. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for Mr. H ATCH , proposes an amend-ment numbered 1618. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. (The amendment is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following leader remarks on Thursday, November 30, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 1, with 1 hour of debate remaining on the Hatch-Murkowski amendment. I further ask that any debate time to-night count against the underlying bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
NATIONAL ADOPTION MONTH Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I rise to commemorate November as Na-tional Adoption Month. During this month, we are reminded of the impor-tance of adoption to so many families and children in Iowa and all across the country. As Americans are celebrating the season of Thanksgiving with family and friends, adoptive families are cele-brating with their new families, giving thanks for the joy of somebody they adopted. Since the first recognition of Na-tional Adoption Day 16, 17 years ago, nearly 65,000 kids have been adopted on National Adoption Day, which is al-ways celebrated on the Saturday before Thanksgiving each year. In 2016 alone, over 4,700 adoptions were finalized on National Adoption Day. National Adoption Month is cer-tainly a time to celebrate the joys of a new family; however, it is also a re-minder of the obstacles that so many children may face. Nationally, there are over 425,000 children in foster care. Over 100,000 of these children are hop-ing to be adopted. In Iowa, there are about 1,000 kids in foster care who are eligible for adoption. This year, the special focus of Na-tional Adoption Month is older youth waiting to be adopted. Teenagers, un-fortunately, face more difficulty in being adopted than do younger chil-dren. As cofounder and cochair of the Sen-ate Caucus on Foster Youth, I have had the chance to hear directly from teen-agers in foster care. In fact, our Senate Caucus on Foster Youth has a couple, three seminars every year just to listen to older youth in the foster care sys-tem, particularly those who are about ready to age out. These young people tell me that, more than anything else, they want a loving family. They tell me that they need families and that nobody is too old to be adopted. The support that parents provide to teens is critical to navigating the transition to adulthood—from making decisions about higher education to finding a job or buying a car. A loving family con-tinually provides the support teens need to succeed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.056 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7403 November 29, 2017 
Congress must continue to work to-ward policies that help make adoption a reality for our foster youth. We must work to ensure that all children, no matter their circumstances, have per-manent, loving homes and consistent, caring adults in their lives. I am glad that the Senate preserved the adoption tax credit in the tax reform legislation, and I am hopeful that Congress will continue to work on policy that pro-motes adoption and improves the lives of those in foster care. As National Adoption Month comes to an end tomorrow, I thank all of those who work to improve the lives of children. I thank advocates for chil-dren who tirelessly work to make adop-tion possible, and I thank adoptive par-ents and families for opening their hearts and homes. 
f 
BUDGETARY REVISIONS Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, section 3003 of H. Con. Res. 71, the concurrent reso-lution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, allows the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee to revise the alloca-tions, aggregates and levels in the budget resolution for legislation con-sidered under the resolution’s rec-onciliation instructions. I find that S. Amdt. 1618 fulfills the conditions found in section 3003 of H. Con. Res. 71. Accordingly, I am revising the allocations to the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, and other enforce-able budgetary levels to account for the budgetary effects of the amend-ment. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables, which provide de-tails about the adjustment, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: BUDGET AGGREGATES—BUDGET AUTHORITY AND OUTLAYS 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-tion 3003 of H. Con. Res. 71, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2018) $ in millions 2018 
Current Aggregates: Spending: Budget Authority ............................................................... 3,089,061 Outlays .............................................................................. 3,109,221 Adjustments: Spending: Budget Authority ............................................................... * Outlays .............................................................................. * Revised Aggregates: Spending: Budget Authority ............................................................... 3,089,061 Outlays .............................................................................. 3,109,221 
* The Congressional Budget Office and Joint Committee on Taxation esti-mate that this amendment would have an effect on direct spending but are only able to provide a range between ¥$50 million and $50 million. This adjustment allows for this range of budgetary change. 
BUDGET AGGREGATE—REVENUES 
(Pursuant to Section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-tion 3003 of H. Con. Res. 71, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2018) $ in millions 2018 2018–2022 2018–2027 
Current Aggregates: Revenue ............... 2,640,939 14,509,252 32,671,567 Adjustments: Revenue ...............¥38,100 ¥975,500 ¥1,659,900 Revised Aggregates: Revenue ............... 2,602,839 13,533,752 31,011,667 REVISION TO ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON FINANCE 
(Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-tion 3003 of H. Con. Res. 71, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2018) $ in millions 2018 2018–2022 2018–2027 
Current Allocation: Budget Authority ............. 2,281,616 13,510,107 32,116,900 Outlays ............................ 2,280,970 13,482,300 32,069,238 Adjustments: Budget Authority ............. * ¥45,600 ¥218,800 Outlays ............................ * ¥45,600 ¥218,800 Revised Allocation: Budget Authority ............. 2,281,616 13,464,507 31,898,100 Outlays ............................ 2,280,970 13,436,700 31,850,438 
* The Congressional Budget Office and Joint Committee on Taxation esti-mate that this amendment would have an effect on direct spending but are only able to provide a range between a ¥$50 million and $50 million. This adjustment allows for this range of budgetary change. 
REVISION TO ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES 
(Pursuant to Section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and Sec-tion 3003 of H. Con. Res. 71, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2018) $ in millions 2018 2018–2022 2018–2027 
Current Allocation: Budget Authority ............. 4,703 25,212 49,342 Outlays ............................ 4,391 24,909 49,112 Adjustments: Budget Authority ............. 0 ¥400 ¥1,100 Outlays ............................ 0 ¥400 ¥1,100 Revised Allocation: Budget Authority ............. 4,703 24,812 48,242 Outlays ............................ 4,391 24,509 48,012 
PAY-AS-YOU-GO SCORECARD FOR THE SENATE 
(Pursuant to Section 4106 and Section 3003 of H. Con. Res. 71, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2018) $ in millions Balances 
Starting Balance: Fiscal Year 2018 ............................................................... 0 Fiscal Years 2017 through 2022 ...................................... 0 Fiscal Years 2017 through 2027 ...................................... 0 Adjustments: Fiscal Year 2018 ............................................................... 38,100 Fiscal Years 2017 through 2022 ...................................... 929,500 Fiscal Years 2017 through 2027 ...................................... 1,440,000 Revised Balance: Fiscal Year 2018 ............................................................... 38,100 Fiscal Years 2017 through 2022 ...................................... 929,500 Fiscal Years 2017 through 2027 ...................................... 1,440,000 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–58, concerning the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of Singapore for defense articles and services estimated to cost $381 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, CHARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–58 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Singapore. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $13 million. Other $402 million. Total $415 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Follow-on support and services related to Singapore’s Continental United States (CONUS) F–15 detachment PEACE CARVIN V. Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Forty (40) GBU–10 Paveway II Laser Guided Bomb (LGB) Units, consisting of: MXU–651B/ B Air Foil Groups (AFG), MAU–209C/B or MAU–169L/B Computer Control Groups (CCG), MK–84 or BLU–117B/B Bomb Bodies. Eighty four (84) GBU–12 Paveway II LGB Units, consisting of: MXU–650C/B AFG, MAU–209CM or MAU–168UB CCGs, MK–82 or BLU–111B/B Bomb Bodies. Sixty (60) FMU–152 or FMU–139D/B Fuzes. Non-MDE: Also included are AIM–120 Te-lemetry Kits; target drones; High-Bandwidth Compact Telemetry Module kits; exercise participation support; weapons, Electronic Combat International Security Assistance Program (ECISAP), and systems support; medical support; vehicle and ferry support; airlift and aerial refueling; individual equip-ment; maintenance, spare and repair parts; publications and technical documentation; personnel training and training equipment; U.S. Government and contractor, logistics, and technical support services; and other re-lated elements of logistical and program sup-port. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (SN– D–NAG). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: SN–D–NDA. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid. Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: November 29, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Singapore—Follow-On Support for PEACE CARVIN V (F–15 Training Detachment) The Government of Singapore has re-quested to purchase forty (40) GBU–10 Paveway II Laser Guided Bomb (LGB) units, consisting of: MXU–651B/B Air Foil Groups (AFG), MAU–209C/B or MAU–169L/B Com-puter Control Groups (CCG), MK–84 or BLU– 117B/B bomb bodies; eighty four (84) GBU–12 Paveway II LGB units, consisting of: MXU– 650C/B AFG, MAU–209C/B or MAU–168L/B CCGs, MK–82 or BLU–111B/B bomb bodies; and sixty (60) FMU–152 or FMU–139D/B fuzes. Also included are AIM–120 Telemetry Kits; target drones; High-Bandwidth Compact Te-lemetry Module kits; exercise participation support; weapons, Electronic Combat Inter-national Security Assistance Program 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.065 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7404 November 29, 2017 
(ECISAP), and systems support; medical sup-port; vehicle and ferry support; airlift and aerial refueling; individual equipment; main-tenance, spare and repair parts; publications and technical documentation; personnel training and training equipment; U.S. Gov-ernment and contractor, logistics, and tech-nical support services; and other related ele-ments of logistical and program support. The estimated cost is $415 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a critical regional partner that has been, and continues to be, an important force for economic progress in Southeast Asia. This potential sale will continue to im-prove Singapore’s ability to develop mission- ready and experienced pilots to support its F–15 aircraft inventory. The well-established pilot proficiency training program at Moun-tain Home Air Force Base will support pro-fessional interaction and enhance oper-ational interoperability with U.S. Forces. Singapore will have no difficulty absorbing this equipment and support into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. There is no prime contractor involved in this proposed sale. Manpower support will be determined through competition with de-fense articles anticipated to come from U.S. stocks, as needed. Sources of supply will award contracts when necessary to provide the defense articles if items are not available from U.S. stock or are considered long lead- time away. There are no known offset agree-ments proposed in connection with this po-tential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government or contractor representa-tives to Singapore. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–58 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. This potential sale will involve the re-lease of sensitive technology to the Govern-ment of Singapore, including Paveway II (PWII) Laser Guided Bombs (LGB) GBU–10 and –12. The PWII LGBUs have an overall ex-port classification of CONFIDENTIAL. The related subcomponents: MXU–209 C/B or MAU–169 L/B control and guidance kits, FMU–152 or FMU–139D/B fuzes, MK–82 or BLU–111 B/B bomb bodies, and MK–84 or BLU–117 B/B bomb bodies are UNCLASSI-FIED. 2. The PWII LGB, is a maneuverable, free- fall weapon that guides to a spot of laser en-ergy reflected off of the target. The LGB is delivered like a normal general purpose (GP) bomb and the semi-active guidance corrects for many of the normal errors inherent in any delivery system. Laser designation for the LGB can be provided by a variety of laser target markers or designators. An LGB con-sists of a Computer Control Group (CCG) that is not warhead specific and warhead specific Air Foil Group (AFG) that attaches to the nose and tail of a GP bomb body. The PWII can use either the FMU–152 or FMU– 139D/B fuzes. Singapore currently has FMU– 152 fuzes available and will be purchasing ad-ditional compatible fuzes to support new mu-nitions requirements. a. GBU–10 is a 2,0001b (MK–84 or BLU–117 B/ B) GP bomb body fitted with the MXU–651 AFG, and MAU–209C/B or MAU–169 L/B CCG to guide to its laser designated target. b. GBU–12 is a 5001b (MK–82 or BLU–111 B/ B) GP bomb body fitted with the MXU–650 AFG, and MAU–209C/B or MAU–168L/B CCGs to guide to its laser designated target. 3. FMU–152 fuzes are a multifunction, mul-tiple delay fuze system with hardened target capabilities that provide arming and fuzing functions for general purpose and pene-trating, unitary warheads. The fuze can set or reset during munitions buildup, aircraft loading, ground servicing, or during flight from the cockpit. The system includes the fuze, closure ring, FZU–63 initiator, and power cable. The hardware is UNCLASSI-FIED. 4. AIM–120 Telemetry Kits Non-Develop-ment Item/Airborne Instrument Units (NDI/ AIU) hardware are UNCLASSIFIED. The NDU/AIU includes a telemetry transmitter, a flight termination system, a C-band beacon and upper S-band capability to include an-tenna. The NDI/AIU will be used for Singa-pore’s participation in Continental United States (CONUS) based exercises and shall not be released, transferred, or exported to Singapore. All data shall only be collected, transmitted or reviewed by qualified U.S. personnel. 5. The High-Bandwidth Compact Telemetry Modules (HCTM) and Telemetry Cable Kits hardware are UNCLASSIFIED. HCTM are used for Joint Direct Attack Munition inte-gration, developmental, or operational test-ing; and will be used for Singapore’s partici-pation in Continental United States (CONUS) based exercises and shall not be re-leased, transferred, or exported to Singapore. All data shall only be collected, transmitted or reviewed by qualified U.S. personnel. 6. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures that might reduce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capa-bilities. 7. A determination has been made that Singapore can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Gov-ernment. This proposed sale is necessary to further the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives outlined in the Policy Justification. 8. All defense articles and services listed on this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Singapore. f 
WORLD AIDS DAY Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize World AIDS Day. There was a time when Congress could put bitter partisan rancor and finger- pointing blame games aside and unite- around a cause. We did so to fight HIV/ AIDS globally. Since 2003, the Presi-dent’s Plan for Emergency AIDS Re-lief, PEPFAR, has meant the difference between life and death for millions of people. In fact, just last year, I met a 30-year-old man named Simon in Na-mibia who said he would not be alive without the international community’s HIV/AIDS assistance. With the gen-erous support of the American people, the U.S. Government has committed more than $70 billion to bilateral HIV/ AIDS programs; the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria; and bilateral tuberculosis programs since the program’s inception. We cannot declare victory yet—far from it. Only one-half of the 37 million people in the world living with HIV are receiving treatment. Globally, young women are twice as likely to acquire HIV as their male counterparts. One million people still died from AIDS-re-lated illnesses worldwide in 2016. Let us not forget that people here in the United States are not immune. In Maryland, for instance, the most re-cent data indicate that, in 2016, almost 36,000 people were living with HIV/ AIDS, and the State had the fifth high-est rate of new HIV infections in the country. For the past 15 years, Congress has shown strong commitment and moral leadership by providing robust funding for PEPFAR and regularly reauthor-izing the program. Signals from the Trump administration, however, indi-cate that this partnership may be fray-ing, putting lives and epidemic control at risk. President Trump’s fiscal year 2018 budget request proposed cutting fund-ing for PEPFAR and the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Ma-laria by more than $1 billion. These cuts, if enacted, could deny lifesaving treatment to men, women, and chil-dren. These cuts, if enacted, could halt our progress to achieving epidemic control. These cuts, if enacted, will harm millions of people. Congress must remain resolved not only to protect our investment, but to continue building on our progress thus far. I call on the Trump administration to join us in facing the challenge of HIV/AIDS head-on, without politics and without posturing, as we consider PEPFAR reauthorization. The admin-istration’s proposal to extend the Mex-ico City policy, often referred to as the global gag rule, may hamstring the very organizations providing lifesaving prevention, detection, and treatment services. The Trump administration’s proposal to cut tuberculosis funding by more than 25 percent, if enacted, will further frustrate efforts to raise resources to combat this global killer; TB is the world’s leading infectious disease killer and is the primary cause of death for people coinfected with HIV/AIDS. In-stead of proposing cuts, the Trump ad-ministration should be demonstrating continued support for the Global Fund for AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria. The Global Fund has saved 22 million lives since it was established. Currency fluctuations are complicating U.S. con-tributions to the Global Fund and, ac-cording to some estimates, could lead to U.S. funding being cut dear by up to $450 million in fiscal year 2019. We ab-solutely cannot allow such a thing to happen. World AIDS Day should be a day of sober commemoration; but it should also be a day of hope. Success in the fight against HIV/AIDS is within our grasp. Amid today’s tweetstorms and con-troversies, it is easy to overlook the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.049 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7405 November 29, 2017 
fact that, when this body is at its best, it has the power to change the course of history. Success is possible. Cutting funding now—shrinking from our com-mitment now, instead of sustaining it—will negate the investments and progress we have made so far. We owe it to people like Simon, to their fami-lies, and to millions of others dealing with the scourge of HIV/AIDS to keep working toward a world free of the dis-ease. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
30TH ANNIVERSARY OF DAMIANI STORES ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I would like to congratulate Damiani Stores on their 30th anniversary of providing south Florida with exceptional service and quality men’s clothing. With three locations serving the south Florida area, Damiani is an example of a suc-cessful local business, one that started by selling suits out of the owner’s vehi-cle in 1987. They uphold a strong, long-standing reputation of prestige in our community, and I have no doubt they will see many more years of continued success.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Cuccia, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations and a withdrawal which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 12:04 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 995. An act to direct the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior to modernize terms in certain regulations. H.R. 1491. An act to reaffirm the action of the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for the benefit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians, and for other purposes. H.R. 2228. An act to provide support for law enforcement agency efforts to protect the mental health and well-being of law enforce-ment officers, and for other purposes. H.R. 2615. An act to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore, Jackson County, Mis-sissippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other purposes. H.R. 2768. An act to designate certain mountain peaks in the State of Colorado as ‘‘Fowler Peak’’ and ‘‘Boskoff Peak’’. H.R. 3115. An act to provide for a land ex-change involving Federal land in the Supe-rior National Forest in Minnesota acquired by the Secretary of Agriculture through the Weeks Law, and for other purposes. f MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 995. An act to direct the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior to modernize terms in certain regulations; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. H.R. 1491. An act to reaffirm the action of the Secretary of the Interior to take land into trust for the benefit of the Santa Ynez Band of Chumash Mission Indians, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. H.R. 2228. An act to provide support for law enforcement agency efforts to protect the mental health and well-being of law enforce-ment officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 2615. An act to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands Na-tional Seashore, Jackson County, Mis-sissippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 2768. An act to designate certain mountain peaks in the State of Colorado as ‘‘Fowler Peak’’ and ‘‘Boskoff Peak’’; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. H.R. 3115. An act to provide for a land ex-change involving Federal land in the Supe-rior National Forest in Minnesota acquired by the Secretary of Agriculture through the Weeks Law, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. BARRASSO for the Committee on Environment and Public Works. *Andrew Wheeler, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protec-tion Agency. *Kathleen Hartnett White, of Texas, to be a Member of the Council on Environmental Quality. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. R UBIO, and Mr. W
ARNER ): S. 2169. A bill to establish a new higher education data system to allow for more ac-curate, complete, and secure data on student retention, graduation, and earnings out-comes, at all levels of postsecondary enroll-ment, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Ms. CORTEZ MASTO: S. 2170. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the deduction for local lobbying expenses; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. ENZI: S. 2171. A bill to amend the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Act of 2010 to set the rate of pay for employees of the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection in accordance with the General Schedule; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. BROWN , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. S ANDERS , and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. 2172. A bill to authorize the collection of supplemental payments to increase congres-sional investments in medical research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. 2173. A bill to amend subpart 2 of part B of title IV of the Social Security Act to ex-tend State court funding for child welfare, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. D URBIN , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. M
ARKEY , Ms. D UCKWORTH , and Mr. T
HUNE ): S. Res. 344. A resolution honoring the life and achievements of Dr. Robert Lawrence Jr.; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 414 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 414, a bill to promote con-servation, improve public land manage-ment, and provide for sensible develop-ment in Pershing County, Nevada, and for other purposes. 
S. 1027 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1027, a bill to extend the Secure Rural Schools and Commu-nity Self-Determination Act of 2000. 
S. 1161 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1161, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to eliminate co-payments by the Department of Vet-erans Affairs for medicines relating to preventative health services, and for other purposes. 
S. 1256 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Michigan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.030 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7406 November 29, 2017 
(Mr. P ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1256, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal to the 23d Head-quarters, Special Troops and the 3133d Signal Service Company in recognition of their unique and distinguished serv-ice as a ‘‘Ghost Army’’ that conducted deception operations in Europe during World War II. 
S. 1591 
At the request of Mr. V ANHOLLEN , the name of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1591, a bill to im-pose sanctions with respect to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, and for other purposes. 
S. 1806 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1806, a bill to amend the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 and the Head Start Act to pro-mote child care and early learning, and for other purposes. 
S. 1911 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1911, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 2098 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2098, a bill to modernize and strengthen the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States to more effec-tively guard against the risk to the na-tional security of the United States posed by certain types of foreign in-vestment, and for other purposes. 
S. 2101 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2101, a bill to award a Congres-sional Gold Medal, collectively, to the crew of the USS Indianapolis, in rec-ognition of their perseverance, bravery, and service to the United States. 
S. 2135 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from Wisconsin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2135, a bill to enforce current law regarding the National In-stant Criminal Background Check Sys-tem. 
S. 2143 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from New Jer-sey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2143, a bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to strengthen protections for employees wishing to advocate for improved wages, hours, or other terms or condi-tions of employment, to expand cov-erage under such Act, to provide a process for achieving initial collective bargaining agreements, and to provide for stronger remedies for interference with these rights, and for other pur-poses. S. 2159 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the names of the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ), the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Sen-ator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2159, a bill to require covered harassment and covered discrimination awareness and prevention training for Members, offi-cers, employees, interns, fellows, and detailees of Congress within 30 days of employment and annually thereafter, to require a biennial climate survey of Congress, to amend the enforcement process under the Office of Congres-sional Workplace Rights for covered harassment and covered discrimination complaints, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 138 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 138, a resolution hon-oring National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day on April 9, 2017, and commemorating the 75th anniversary of the fall of Bataan. 
S. RES. 220 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. Res. 220, a resolution express-ing solidarity with Falun Gong practi-tioners who have lost lives, freedoms, and rights for adhering to their beliefs and practices and condemning the practice of non-consenting organ har-vesting, and for other purposes. 
S. RES. 319 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 319, a resolution sup-porting the goals, activities, and ideals of Prematurity Awareness Month. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Ms. H
ARRIS ): S. 2173. A bill to amend subpart 2 of part B of title IV of the Social Security Act to extend State court funding for child welfare, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 2173 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Continu-ation of Useful Resources to States Act’’ or ‘‘COURTS Act’’. SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF STATE COURT FUNDING FOR CHILD WELFARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 436(a) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 629f) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’. (b) P
ROGRAM CHANGES .—Section 438 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629h) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘in a timely and complete manner’’ before ‘‘, as set forth’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the semicolon and inserting ‘‘, including by training judges, attorneys, and other legal personnel.’’; and (B) by striking paragraphs (3) and (4); (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (2); (B) by striking all that precedes ‘‘be eligi-ble to receive’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
PPLICATIONS .—In order to’’; and (C) in the matter preceding paragraph (2)— (i) by moving the matter 2 ems to the left; (ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘(A) in the case of a grant for the purpose described in subsection (a)(3),’’ and inserting ‘‘(1)’’; and (II) by inserting ‘‘use not less than 30 per-cent of grant funds to’’ before ‘‘collaborate’’; (iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘(B) in the case of a grant for the purpose de-scribed in subsection (a)(4),’’ and inserting ‘‘(2)’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘(C) in the case of a grant for the purpose described in subsection (a),’’ and inserting ‘‘(3)’’; (3) by striking subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c) A
MOUNT OF GRANT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—From the amounts re-served under sections 436(b)(2) and 437(b)(2) for a fiscal year, each highest State court that has an application approved under this section for the fiscal year shall be entitled to payment of an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(A) $255,000; and ‘‘(B) the amount described in paragraph (2) with respect to the court and the fiscal year. ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT DESCRIBED .—The amount de-scribed in this paragraph with respect to a court and a fiscal year is the amount that bears the same ratio to the total of the amounts reserved under sections 436(b)(2) and 437(b)(2) for grants under this section for the fiscal year (after applying paragraphs (1)(A) and (3) of this subsection) as the num-ber of individuals in the State in which the court is located who have not attained 21 years of age bears to the total number of such individuals in all States with a highest State court that has an approved application under this section for the fiscal year. ‘‘(3) I
NDIAN TRIBES .—From the amounts re-served under section 436(b)(2) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall, before applying paragraph (1) of this subsection, allocate $1,000,000 for grants to be awarded on a com-petitive basis among the highest courts of Indian tribes or tribal consortia that— ‘‘(A) are operating a program under part E, in accordance with section 479B; ‘‘(B) are seeking to operate a program under part E and have received an implemen-tation grant under section 476; or ‘‘(C) have a court responsible for pro-ceedings related to foster care or adoption.’’; (4) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’; and (5) by striking subsection (e). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.016 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7407 November 29, 2017 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 344—HON-ORING THE LIFE AND ACHIEVE-MENTS OF DR. ROBERT LAW-RENCE JR Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. D
URBIN , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , and Mr. T HUNE ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 344 Whereas Robert Lawrence was born on Oc-tober 2, 1935, in Chicago, Illinois and grad-uated from Englewood High School at the age of 16; Whereas Robert Lawrence began his Air Force career in the Reserve Officer Training Corps when he was a teenager attending Bradley University; Whereas Robert Lawrence received an un-dergraduate degree in chemistry from Brad-ley University in 1956; Whereas Robert Lawrence was commis-sioned a second lieutenant into the U.S. Air Force upon graduation at age 20; Whereas Robert Lawrence completed flight training at Malden Air Force Base in 1956 and was designated a U.S. Air Force pilot; Whereas Robert Lawrence was assigned as an instructor pilot for the German air force, flying T-33 trainers at Fu¨rstenfeldbruck Air Base near Munich; Whereas Robert Lawrence accrued over 2,500 hours of flight time with 2,000 of those hours in jets; Whereas Robert Lawrence earned his Ph.D. in 1965, after delivering his doctoral disserta-tion entitled ‘‘The Mechanism of the Tritium Beta-Ray Induced Exchange Reactions of Deuterium with Methane and Ethane in the Gas Phase’’; Whereas Robert Lawrence was selected as an astronaut in the Department of Defense’s Manned Orbital Laboratory in 1967; Whereas Robert Lawrence was instru-mental in compiling flight maneuver data that was used in the development of the Space Shuttle for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration; and Whereas on December 8, 1967, Robert Law-rence died in a crash of an F-104 Starfighter at Edwards Air Force Base, leaving behind an inspiring career in the STEM field and spaceflight awareness to encourage a genera-tion of young scientists and astronauts: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate honors the life of Dr. Robert Lawrence Jr., an Air Force Major, test pilot, and the first African-American as-tronaut selected for spaceflight. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1588. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pur-suant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1589. Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mrs. C
APITO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1590. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1591. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1592. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1593. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1594. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mr. ISAKSON ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1595. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1596. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1597. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1598. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1599. Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. L ANKFORD , and Mr. C RUZ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1600. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1601. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. B
LUNT ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1602. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1603. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1604. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1605. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1606. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1607. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1608. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1609. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1610. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1611. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1612. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1613. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1614. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1615. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. CORNYN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1616. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1617. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1618. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH  (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 1, supra. SA 1619. Mr. DAINES (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH  (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1620. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1621. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1622. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. K
ENNEDY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1623. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. W
ICKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1624. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1625. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , and Mr. W ICKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1626. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1627. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. R OBERTS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1628. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
ASSIDY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1629. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.017 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7408 November 29, 2017 
SA 1630. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1631. Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, Mr. T
HUNE , and Mr. G RASSLEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1632. Mr. ROBERTS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1633. Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. S COTT, Mr. S
HELBY , and Mr. S TRANGE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1634. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1635. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1636. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1637. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. H
OEVEN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 254, to amend the Native American Programs Act of 1974 to provide flexibility and reauthoriza-tion to ensure the survival and continuing vitality of Native American languages. SA 1638. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. H
OEVEN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 669, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to as-sess sanitation and safety conditions at Bu-reau of Indian Affairs facilities that were constructed to provide affected Columbia River Treaty tribes access to traditional fishing grounds and expend funds on con-struction of facilities and structures to im-prove those conditions, and for other pur-poses. SA 1639. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1640. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1641. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for him- self and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1642. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for him- self and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1643. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. D
UR-
BIN, and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1644. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1645. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1646. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1647. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1648. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1649. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1650. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1651. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1652. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1653. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1654. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1655. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1656. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1657. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. GRASSLEY , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1658. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1659. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1660. Mr. THUNE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1661. Mr. BROWN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1588. Mrs. ERNST submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. lll. ELIMINATION OF DEDUCTION FOR LIVING EXPENSES INCURRED BY MEMBERS OF CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 162 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended in the matter following paragraph (3) by striking ‘‘in excess of $3,000’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 1589. Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mrs. C
APITO ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. CREDIT FOR WORKING FAMILY CARE-GIVERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart A of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by in-serting after section 25D the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 25E. WORKING FAMILY CAREGIVERS. 
‘‘(a) A LLOWANCE OF CREDIT .—In the case of an eligible caregiver, there shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year an amount equal to 30 percent of the qualified expenses paid by the taxpayer during the taxable year to the extent that such expenses exceed $2,000. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount allowed as a credit under subsection (a) for the taxable year shall not exceed $3,000. ‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, the dollar amount contained in paragraph (1) shall be increased by an amount equal to the product of— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, and ‘‘(B) the medical care cost adjustment de-termined under section 213(d)(10)(B)(ii) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘1996’ in subclause (II) thereof. If any increase determined under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $50, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $50. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE CAREGIVER .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘eligible caregiver’ means an individual who— ‘‘(1) during the taxable year pays or incurs qualified expenses in connection with pro-viding care for a qualified care recipient, and ‘‘(2) has earned income (as defined in sec-tion 32(c)(2)) for the taxable year in excess of $7,500. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED CARE RECIPIENT .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified care recipient’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any individual who— ‘‘(A) is the spouse of the eligible caregiver, or any other person who bears a relationship to the eligible caregiver described in any of subparagraphs (A) through (H) of section 152(d)(2), and ‘‘(B) has been certified, before the due date for filing the return of tax for the taxable year, by a licensed health care practitioner (as defined in section 7702B(c)(4)) as being an individual with long-term care needs de-scribed in paragraph (3) for a period— ‘‘(i) which is at least 180 consecutive days, and ‘‘(ii) a portion of which occurs within the taxable year. ‘‘(2) P
ERIOD FOR MAKING CERTIFICATION .— Notwithstanding paragraph (1)(B), a certifi-cation shall not be treated as valid unless it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.019 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7409 November 29, 2017 
is made within the 391⁄2-month period ending on such due date (or such other period as the Secretary prescribes). ‘‘(3) I
NDIVIDUALS WITH LONG -TERM CARE  
NEEDS .—An individual is described in this paragraph if the individual meets any of the following requirements: ‘‘(A) The individual is at least 6 years of age and— ‘‘(i) is unable to perform (without substan-tial assistance from another individual) at least 2 activities of daily living (as defined in section 7702B(c)(2)(B)) due to a loss of func-tional capacity, or ‘‘(ii) requires substantial supervision to protect such individual from threats to health and safety due to severe cognitive im-pairment and is unable to perform, without reminding or cuing assistance, at least 1 ac-tivity of daily living (as so defined) or to the extent provided in regulations prescribed by the Secretary (in consultation with the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services), is un-able to engage in age appropriate activities. ‘‘(B) The individual is at least 2 but not 6 years of age and is unable due to a loss of functional capacity to perform (without sub-stantial assistance from another individual) at least 2 of the following activities: eating, transferring, or mobility. ‘‘(C) The individual is under 2 years of age and requires specific durable medical equip-ment by reason of a severe health condition or requires a skilled practitioner trained to address the individual’s condition to be available if the individual’s parents or guardians are absent. ‘‘(e) Q
UALIFIED EXPENSES .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (4), the term ‘qualified expenses’ means expendi-tures for goods, services, and supports that— ‘‘(A) assist a qualified care recipient with accomplishing activities of daily living (as defined in section 7702B(c)(2)(B)) and instru-mental activities of daily living (as defined in section 1915(k)(6)(F) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396n(k)(6)(F))), and ‘‘(B) are provided solely for use by such qualified care recipient. ‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENT FOR OTHER TAX BENE -
FITS.—The amount of qualified expenses oth-erwise taken into account under paragraph (1) with respect to an individual shall be re-duced by the sum of any amounts paid for the benefit of such individual for the taxable year which are— ‘‘(A) taken into account under section 21 or 213, or ‘‘(B) excluded from gross income under sec-tion 129, 223(f), or 529A(c)(1)(B). ‘‘(3) G
OODS , SERVICES , AND SUPPORTS .—For purposes of paragraph (1), goods, services, and supports (as defined by the Secretary) shall include— ‘‘(A) human assistance, supervision, cuing and standby assistance, ‘‘(B) assistive technologies and devices (in-cluding remote health monitoring), ‘‘(C) environmental modifications (includ-ing home modifications), ‘‘(D) health maintenance tasks (such as medication management), ‘‘(E) information, ‘‘(F) transportation of the qualified care recipient, ‘‘(G) non-health items (such as inconti-nence supplies), and ‘‘(H) coordination of and services for people who live in their own home, a residential set-ting, or a nursing facility, as well as the cost of care in these or other locations. ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED EXPENSES FOR ELIGIBLE  
CAREGIVERS .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the following shall be treated as qualified ex-penses if paid or incurred by an eligible care-giver: ‘‘(A) Expenditures for respite care for a qualified care recipient. ‘‘(B) Expenditures for counseling, support groups, or training relating to caring for a qualified care recipient. ‘‘(C) Lost wages for unpaid time off due to caring for a qualified care recipient as verified by an employer. ‘‘(D) Travel costs of the eligible caregiver related to caring for a qualified care recipi-ent. ‘‘(E) Expenditures for technologies, as de-termined by the Secretary, that assist an eli-gible caregiver in providing care for a quali-fied care recipient. ‘‘(5) HUMAN ASSISTANCE .—The term ‘human assistance’ includes the costs of a direct care worker. ‘‘(6) D
OCUMENTATION .—An expense shall not be taken into account under this section un-less the eligible caregiver substantiates such expense under such regulations or guidance as the Secretary shall provide. ‘‘(7) M
ILEAGE RATE .—For purposes of this section, the mileage rate for the use of a pas-senger automobile shall be the standard mileage rate used to calculate the deductible costs of operating an automobile for medical purposes. Such rate may be used in lieu of actual automobile-related travel expenses. ‘‘(8) C
OORDINATION WITH ABLE ACCOUNTS .— Qualified expenses for a taxable year shall not include contributions to an ABLE ac-count (as defined in section 529A). ‘‘(f) P
HASE OUTBASED ON ADJUSTED GROSS I
NCOME .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of the credit allowable under subsection (a) shall be re-duced (but not below zero) by $100 for each $1,000 (or fraction thereof) by which the tax-payer’s modified adjusted gross income ex-ceeds the threshold amount. ‘‘(2) M
ODIFIED ADJUSTED GROSS INCOME .— The term ‘modified adjusted gross income’ means adjusted gross income increased by any amount excluded from gross income under section 911, 931, or 933. ‘‘(3) T
HRESHOLD AMOUNT .—The term ‘threshold amount’ means— ‘‘(A) $150,000 in the case of a joint return, and ‘‘(B) $75,000 in any other case. ‘‘(4) I
NDEXING .—In the case of any taxable year beginning in a calendar year after 2018, each dollar amount contained in paragraph (3) shall be increased by an amount equal to the product of— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, and ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘‘calendar year 2017’’ for ‘‘calendar year 2016’’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. ‘‘(5) R
OUNDING RULE .—If any increase deter-mined under paragraph (4) is not a multiple of $50, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $50. ‘‘(g) I
DENTIFICATION OF ELIGIBLE CAREGIVER  W
ITHCARE RECIPIENT (QUALIFIED CARE RE-
CIPIENT ) IDENTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—No credit shall be allowed under this section to a taxpayer with respect to any qualified care recipient unless the taxpayer includes the name and taxpayer identification number of such individual, and the identification num-ber of the licensed health care practitioner certifying such individual, on the return of tax for the taxable year.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subpart A of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 of such Code is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 25D the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 25E. Working family caregivers.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. SA 1590. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 11042 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 11042. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR STATE AND LOCAL, ETC. TAXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 164 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(6) S
USPENSION OF INDIVIDUAL DEDUCTIONS  
FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of an individual and a taxable year be-ginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) foreign real property taxes (other than taxes which are paid or accrued in car-rying on a trade or business or an activity described in section 212) shall not be taken into account under subsection (a)(1), ‘‘(B) the aggregate amount of taxes (other than taxes which are paid or accrued in car-rying on a trade or business or an activity described in section 212) taken into account under subsection (a)(1) for any taxable year shall not exceed $10,000 ($5,000 in the case of a married individual filing a separate re-turn), ‘‘(C) subsection (a)(2) shall only apply to taxes which are paid or accrued in carrying on a trade or business or an activity de-scribed in section 212, ‘‘(D) subsection (a)(3) shall not apply to State and local taxes, and ‘‘(E) paragraph (5) shall not apply.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1591. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 11042 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 11042. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR STATE AND LOCAL, ETC. TAXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 164 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(6) S
USPENSION OF INDIVIDUAL DEDUCTIONS  
FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of an individual and a taxable year be-ginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) foreign real property taxes (other than taxes which are paid or accrued in car-rying on a trade or business or an activity described in section 212) shall not be taken into account under subsection (a)(1), ‘‘(B) the aggregate amount of taxes (other than taxes which are paid or accrued in car-rying on a trade or business or an activity described in section 212) taken into account under subsection (a)(1) for any taxable year shall not exceed $10,000 ($5,000 in the case of a married individual filing a separate re-turn), ‘‘(C) subsection (a)(2) shall only apply to taxes which are paid or accrued in carrying on a trade or business or an activity de-scribed in section 212, ‘‘(D) subsection (a)(3) shall not apply to State and local taxes, and ‘‘(E) paragraph (5) shall not apply.’’. (b) O
FFSETS .— (1) A
DJUSTMENT OF HIGHEST RATE BRACK -
ET.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.022 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7410 November 29, 2017 
(A) J OINT RETURNS .—The last row of the table contained in section 1(j)(2)(A), as added by section 11001(a), is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘Over $1,000,000 $301,479, plus 39.6% of the excess over $1,000,000.’’. 
(B) H EADS OF HOUSEHOLDS .—The last row of the table contained in section 1(j)(2)(B), as added by section 11001(a), is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Over $500,000 .... $149,348, plus 39.6% of the excess over $500,000.’’. 
(C) U NMARRIED INDIVIDUALS .—The last row of the table contained in section 1(j)(2)(C), as added by section 11001(a), is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Over $500,000 .... $150,739.50, plus 39.6% of the ex-cess over $500,000.’’. 
(D) M ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING SEPARATE  
RETURNS .—The last row of the table con-tained in section 1(j)(2)(D), as added by sec-tion 11001(a), is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Over $500,000 .... $150,739.50, plus 39.6% of the ex-cess over $500,000.’’. 
(2) C ORPORATE TAX RATE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 11(b), as amended by this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘21 percent’’. (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this paragraph shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2018. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Except as provided in subsection (b)(2)(B), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1592. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. ELIMINATING FEDERAL TAX SUB-SIDIZATION OF PROFESSIONAL SPORTS STADIUMS. 
(a) T REATMENT OF CERTAIN OBLIGATIONS FI-
NANCING PROFESSIONAL SPORTS STADIUMS AS  P
RIVATE ACTIVITY BONDS .—Section 141(b) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(10) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PROFESSIONAL  
SPORTS STADIUMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any issue any proceeds of which are to be used to pro-vide a professional sports stadium, such issue shall be treated as meeting the private security or payment test of paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) P
ROFESSIONAL SPORTS STADIUM .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘profes-sional sports stadium’ means any facility (and appurtenant real property) which, dur-ing at least 5 days during any calendar year, is used as a stadium or arena for professional sports exhibitions, games, or training.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to obliga-tions issued after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1593. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. ll. ALLOWING ABOVE-THE-LINE DEDUC-TIONS FOR CHARITABLE CONTRIBU-TIONS FOR INDIVIDUALS NOT ITEMIZING DEDUCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 62 is amended by inserting after paragraph (21) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(22) C
HARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS FOR INDI -
VIDUALS NOT ITEMIZING DEDUCTIONS .—In the case of an individual who does not elect to itemize his deductions for the taxable year, the deduction allowed by section 170. The preceding sentence shall not apply to any de-duction in excess of an amount equal to the product of 
1⁄3and the standard deduction for such individual.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply with respect to taxable years beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 1594. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. MODIFICATIONS OF CREDIT FOR PRODUCTION FROM ADVANCED NU-CLEAR POWER FACILITIES. 
(a) T REATMENT OF UNUTILIZED LIMITATION  A
MOUNTS .—Section 45J(b) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘or any amendment to’’ after ‘‘enactment of’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) A
LLOCATION OF UNUTILIZED LIMITA -
TION.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any unutilized national megawatt capacity limitation shall be allo-cated by the Secretary under paragraph (3) as rapidly as is practicable after December 31, 2020— ‘‘(i) first to facilities placed in service on or before such date to the extent that such facilities did not receive an allocation equal to their full nameplate capacity, and ‘‘(ii) then to facilities placed in service after such date in the order in which such fa-cilities are placed in service. ‘‘(B) U
NUTILIZED NATIONAL MEGAWATT CA -
PACITY LIMITATION .—The term ‘unutilized na-tional megawatt capacity limitation’ means the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) 6,000 megawatts, over ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount of national megawatt capacity limitation allocated by the Secretary before January 1, 2021, reduced by any amount of such limitation which was allocated to a facility which was not placed in service before such date. ‘‘(C) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER PROVI -
SIONS .—In the case of any unutilized national megawatt capacity limitation allocated by the Secretary pursuant to this paragraph— ‘‘(i) such allocation shall be treated for purposes of this section in the same manner as an allocation of national megawatt capac-ity limitation, and ‘‘(ii) subsection (d)(1)(B) shall not apply to any facility which receives such alloca-tion.’’. (b) T
RANSFER OF CREDIT BY CERTAIN PUBLIC  E
NTITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 45J is amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (f), and (B) by inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) T
RANSFER OF CREDIT BY CERTAIN PUB-
LICENTITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If, with respect to a cred-it under subsection (a) for any taxable year— ‘‘(A) the taxpayer would be a qualified pub-lic entity, and ‘‘(B) such entity elects the application of this paragraph for such taxable year with re-spect to all (or any portion specified in such election) of such credit, the eligible project partner specified in such election (and not the qualified public entity) shall be treated as the taxpayer for purposes of this title with respect to such credit (or such portion thereof). ‘‘(2) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) Q
UALIFIED PUBLIC ENTITY .—The term ‘qualified public entity’ means— ‘‘(i) a Federal, State, or local government entity, or any political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality thereof, ‘‘(ii) a mutual or cooperative electric com-pany described in section 501(c)(12) or section 1381(a)(2), or ‘‘(iii) a not-for-profit electric utility which has or had received a loan or loan guarantee under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT PARTNER .—The term ‘eligible project partner’ means— ‘‘(i) any person responsible for, or partici-pating in, the design or construction of the advanced nuclear power facility to which the credit under subsection (a) relates, ‘‘(ii) any person who participates in the provision of the nuclear steam supply system to the advanced nuclear power facility to which the credit under subsection (a) relates, ‘‘(iii) any person who participates in the provision of nuclear fuel to the advanced nu-clear power facility to which the credit under subsection (a) relates, or ‘‘(iv) any person who has an ownership in-terest in such facility. ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATION TO PARTNERSHIPS .—In the case of a credit under subsection (a) which is determined at the partnership level— ‘‘(i) for purposes of paragraph (1)(A), a qualified public entity shall be treated as the taxpayer with respect to such entity’s dis-tributive share of such credit, and ‘‘(ii) the term ‘eligible project partner’ shall include any partner of the partnership. ‘‘(B) T
AXABLE YEAR IN WHICH CREDIT TAKEN  
INTO ACCOUNT .—In the case of any credit (or portion thereof) with respect to which an election is made under paragraph (1), such credit shall be taken into account in the first taxable year of the eligible project part-ner ending with, or after, the qualified public entity’s taxable year with respect to which the credit was determined. ‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF TRANSFER UNDER PRI -
VATE USE RULES .—For purposes of section 141(b)(1), any benefit derived by an eligible project partner in connection with an elec-tion under this subsection shall not be taken into account as a private business use.’’. (2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PROCEEDS OF TRANS -
FERS FOR MUTUAL OR COOPERATIVE ELECTRIC  
COMPANIES .—Section 501(c)(12) is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(I) In the case of a mutual or cooperative electric company described in this paragraph or an organization described in section 1381(a)(2), income received or accrued in con-nection with an election under section 45J(e)(1) shall be treated as an amount col-lected from members for the sole purpose of meeting losses and expenses.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— (1) T
REATMENT OF UNUTILIZED LIMITATION  
AMOUNTS .—The amendment made by sub-section (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) T
RANSFER OF CREDIT BY CERTAIN PUBLIC  
ENTITIES .—The amendments made by sub-section (b) shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.022 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7411 November 29, 2017 
SA 1595. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 13308. 
SA 1596. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 13707. 
SA 1597. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 13402. 
SA 1598. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 13611. 
SA 1599. Mr. INHOFE (for himself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. L ANKFORD , and Mr. C
RUZ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 185, strike lines 1 through 6, and insert the following: ‘‘(5) B
USINESS INTEREST .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘business in-terest’ means any interest paid or accrued on indebtedness properly allocable to a trade or business. Such term shall not include invest-ment interest (within the meaning of sub-section (d)). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR INTEREST ON PRE -2018 
INDEBTEDNESS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Business interest shall not include interest paid or accrued on in-debtedness incurred by the taxpayer before January 1, 2018. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULES FOR REFINANCING AND  
DEBT INSTRUMENTS ALLOWING ADDITIONAL BOR -
ROWING .—Clause (i) shall not apply to— ‘‘(I) interest on any indebtedness incurred after December 31, 2017, to refinance indebt-edness described in clause (i), or ‘‘(II) in the case of any debt instrument, credit facility, or other evidence of indebted-ness under which additional indebtedness may be issued under the same terms, inter-est on any indebtedness incurred under such terms after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1600. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 187, between lines 21 and 22, insert the following: ‘‘(v) any deduction allowable for deprecia-tion, amortization, or depletion, but only if the amount of the taxpayer’s expenditures for property of a character subject to the al-lowance for depreciation, amortization, or depletion for the taxable year is at least 300 percent of the taxpayer’s adjusted taxable income for the taxable year determined without regard to this clause, and 
SA 1601. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. B
LUNT ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 187, between lines 21 and 22, insert the following: ‘‘(v) any deduction allowable for deprecia-tion, amortization, or depletion, and 
SA 1602. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 13303 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 13303. TREATMENT OF LIKE-KIND EX-CHANGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1031(a) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) A
DDITIONAL EXCEPTION FOR DISQUALI -
FIED BONUS DEPRECIATION PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—This subsection shall not apply to any exchange in which the prop-erty received by the taxpayer is 100 percent bonus depreciation property. ‘‘(B) 100 
PERCENT BONUS DEPRECIATION PROP -
ERTY .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘100 percent bonus depreciation prop-erty’ mean any property— ‘‘(i) which is qualified property (as defined in section 168(k)(2)), and ‘‘(ii) an allowance of 100 percent or more of the adjusted basis of which was included in the depreciation deduction provided by sec-tion 167(a) for the taxable year in which such property was placed in service by the tax-payer.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to ex-changes completed after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1603. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page ll, strike line ll, and insert the following: ‘‘(9) S
AFE HARBOR FOR DOMESTIC MEMBERS  
OF WORLDWIDE AFFILIATED GROUP .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer which is a domestic corporation which is a member of a worldwide affiliated group, this subsection shall not apply to such taxpayer if the ratio of debt to equity of all domestic corporations which are members of such group does not exceed such ratio of all cor-porations which are members of such group. ‘‘(B) R
ATIO OF DEBT TO EQUITY .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the ratio of debt to equity means the ratio which total indebted-ness bears to total equity, determined in the same manner as subsection (n). ‘‘(C) DEFINITION AND SPECIAL RULE .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) W
ORLDWIDE AFFILIATED GROUP .—The term ‘worldwide affiliated group’ has the same meaning given such term by subsection (n)(4)(A). ‘‘(ii) D
OMESTIC MEMBERS OF AFFILIATED  
GROUP TREATED AS 1 TAXPAYER .—The rule of subsection (n)(5) shall apply. ‘‘(10) C
ROSS REFERENCES .— 
SA 1604. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. APPLICATION OF MEDICAID ASSET VERIFICATION PROGRAM TO ALL CATEGORIES OF APPLICANTS FOR MEDICAL ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1940(b)(1)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396w(b)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘on the basis of being aged, blind, or disabled’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (c) P
HASE -INIMPLEMENTATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—During the 180 day period that begins on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall require States to submit and implement an asset verification program under section 1940 of the Social Security Act (as amended by subsection (a)) in such man-ner as is designed to result in the application of such programs, in the aggregate for all such States, to enrollment of approximately, but not less than, the following percentage of enrollees, in the aggregate for all such States, by the end of the fiscal year involved: (A) 12.5 percent by the end of fiscal year 2018. (B) 25 percent by the end of fiscal year 2019. (C) 50 percent by the end of fiscal year 2020. (D) 75 percent by the end of fiscal year 2021. (E) 100 percent by the end of fiscal year 2022. (2) C
ONSIDERATION .—In selecting States under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall consult with the States involved and take into account the feasibility of implementing asset verification programs in each such State. (3) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (1) shall be construed as preventing a State from requesting, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services from approving, the im-plementation of an asset verification pro-gram in advance of the deadline otherwise established under such paragraph. 
SA 1605. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 11022 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 11022. INCREASE IN AND MODIFICATION OF CHILD TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS  2018 T
HROUGH 2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, this section shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.023 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7412 November 29, 2017 
applied as provided in paragraphs (2) through (8). ‘‘(2) C
REDIT AMOUNT .—Subsection (a) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,000’ for ‘$1,000’. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—In lieu of the amount de-termined under subsection (b)(2), the thresh-old amount shall be— ‘‘(A) in the case of a joint return, $500,000, and ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who is not married or a married individual filing a sepa-rate return, $250,000. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION OF QUALIFYING CHILD .— Paragraph (1) of subsection (c) shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘18’ for ‘17’. ‘‘(5) P
ARTIAL CREDIT ALLOWED FOR CERTAIN  
OTHER DEPENDENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The credit determined under subsection (a) (after the application of paragraph (2)) shall be increased by $500 for each dependent of the taxpayer (as defined in section 152) other than a qualifying child de-scribed in subsection (c) (after the applica-tion of paragraph (4)). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN NONCITIZENS .— Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with re-spect to any individual who would not be a dependent if subparagraph (A) of section 152(b)(3) were applied without regard to all that follows ‘resident of the United States’. ‘‘(6) P
ORTION OF CREDIT REFUNDABLE .—In lieu of subsection (d), the following provi-sions shall apply for purposes of the credit allowable under this section: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The aggregate credits allowed to a taxpayer under subpart C shall be increased by the lesser of— ‘‘(i) the credit which would be allowed under this section without regard to this paragraph and the limitation under section 26(a), or ‘‘(ii) the amount by which the aggregate amount of credits allowed by this subpart (determined without regard to this para-graph) would increase if the limitation im-posed by section 26(a) were increased by an amount equal to the sum of the taxpayer’s payroll taxes for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) P
AYROLL TAXES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), the term ‘payroll taxes’ means, with respect to any taxpayer for any taxable year, the amount of the taxes imposed by— ‘‘(I) section 1401 on the self-employment in-come of the taxpayer for the taxable year, ‘‘(II) section 3101 on wages received by the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, ‘‘(III) section 3111 on wages paid by an em-ployer with respect to employment of the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, ‘‘(IV) sections 3201(a) and 3211(a) on com-pensation received by the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, and ‘‘(V) section 3221(a) on compensation paid by an employer with respect to services ren-dered by the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. ‘‘(ii) C
OORDINATION WITH SPECIAL REFUND OF  
PAYROLL TAXES .—The term ‘payroll taxes’ shall not include any taxes to the extent the taxpayer is entitled to a special refund of such taxes under section 6413(c). ‘‘(iii) S
PECIAL RULE .—Any amounts paid pursuant to an agreement under section 3121(l) (relating to agreements entered into by American employers with respect to for-eign affiliates) which are equivalent to the taxes referred to in subclause (II) or (III) of clause (i) shall be treated as taxes referred to in such clause. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION FOR TAXPAYERS EXCLUDING  
FOREIGN EARNED INCOME .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any taxpayer for any tax-able year if such taxpayer elects to exclude any amount from gross income under section 911 for such taxable year. ‘‘(7) ADJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after 2017, the $2,000 amount in paragraph (2) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. ‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—Any increase determined under subparagraph (A) shall be rounded to the next highest multiple of $100. ‘‘(8) S
OCIAL SECURITY NUMBER REQUIRED .— No credit shall be allowed under subsection (d) to a taxpayer with respect to any quali-fying child unless the taxpayer includes the social security number of such child on the return of tax for the taxable year. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the term ‘so-cial security number’ means a social secu-rity number issued to an individual by the Social Security Administration, but only if the social security number is issued to a cit-izen of the United States or is issued pursu-ant to subclause (I) (or that portion of sub-clause (III) that relates to subclause (I)) of section 205(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act.’’. (b) I
NCREASE IN CORPORATE TAXRATE.— Subsection (b) of section 11, as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘22 per-cent’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1606. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 11022 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 11022. INCREASE IN AND MODIFICATION OF CHILD TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS  2018 T
HROUGH 2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, this section shall be applied as provided in paragraphs (2) through (8). ‘‘(2) C
REDIT AMOUNT .—Subsection (a) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,000’ for ‘$1,000’. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—In lieu of the amount de-termined under subsection (b)(2), the thresh-old amount shall be— ‘‘(A) in the case of a joint return, $500,000, and ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who is not married or a married individual filing a sepa-rate return, $250,000. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION OF QUALIFYING CHILD .— Paragraph (1) of subsection (c) shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘18’ for ‘17’. ‘‘(5) P
ARTIAL CREDIT ALLOWED FOR CERTAIN  
OTHER DEPENDENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The credit determined under subsection (a) (after the application of paragraph (2)) shall be increased by $500 for each dependent of the taxpayer (as defined in section 152) other than a qualifying child de-scribed in subsection (c) (after the applica-tion of paragraph (4)). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN NONCITIZENS .— Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with re-spect to any individual who would not be a dependent if subparagraph (A) of section 152(b)(3) were applied without regard to all that follows ‘resident of the United States’. ‘‘(6) PORTION OF CREDIT REFUNDABLE .—Sub- section (d)(1)(B)(i) shall be applied by sub-stituting— ‘‘(A) ‘15.3 percent’ for ‘15 percent’, and ‘‘(B) ‘$0’ for ‘$3,000’. ‘‘(7) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after 2017, the $2,000 amount in paragraph (2) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. ‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—Any increase determined under subparagraph (A) shall be rounded to the next highest multiple of $100. ‘‘(8) S
OCIAL SECURITY NUMBER REQUIRED .— No credit shall be allowed under subsection (d) to a taxpayer with respect to any quali-fying child unless the taxpayer includes the social security number of such child on the return of tax for the taxable year. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the term ‘so-cial security number’ means a social secu-rity number issued to an individual by the Social Security Administration, but only if the social security number is issued to a cit-izen of the United States or is issued pursu-ant to subclause (I) (or that portion of sub-clause (III) that relates to subclause (I)) of section 205(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act.’’. (b) I
NCREASE IN CORPORATE TAXRATE.— Subsection (b) of section 11, as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘22 per-cent’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1607. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part IV of subtitle A of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 11033. CONSOLIDATION OF EDUCATION SAV-INGS RULES. 
(a) N ONEWCONTRIBUTIONS TO COVERDELL  E
DUCATION SAVINGS ACCOUNTS .—Section 530(b)(1)(A) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (ii), (2) by striking the period at the end of clause (iii) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) except in the case of rollover con-tributions, after December 31, 2017.’’. (b) R
OLLOVERS FROMCOVERDELL EDUCATION  S
AVINGS ACCOUNTS TO QUALIFIED TUITION  P
ROGRAMS .—Section 530(d)(5) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘or a qualified tuition pro-gram (as defined in section 529(b))’’ after ‘‘into another Coverdell education savings account’’, and (2) by inserting ‘‘(by purchase or contribu-tion)’’ after ‘‘is paid’’. (c) D
ISTRIBUTIONS FROM QUALIFIED TUITION  P
ROGRAMS FOR CERTAIN EXPENSES ASSOCI -
ATED WITHREGISTERED APPRENTICESHIP PRO-
GRAMS .—Section 529(e)(3) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(C) C
ERTAIN EXPENSES ASSOCIATED WITH  
REGISTERED APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS .—The term ‘qualified higher education expenses’ shall include books, supplies, and equipment required for the enrollment or attendance of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.024 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7413 November 29, 2017 
a designated beneficiary in an apprenticeship program registered and certified with the Secretary of Labor under section 1 of the Na-tional Apprenticeship Act (29 U.S.C. 50).’’. (d) S
PECIAL RULES FOR 529 P ROGRAMS WITH R
ESPECT TO ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY  T
UITION AND QUALIFIED EARLY EDUCATION EX-
PENSES .—Section 529(e)(3), as amended by subsection (c), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULES PERMITTING LIMITED  
TREATMENT OF ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY  
TUITION AND QUALIFIED EARLY EDUCATION EX -
PENSES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii)— ‘‘(I) expenses for tuition in connection with enrollment or attendance at an elementary or secondary public, private, or religious school, and ‘‘(II) qualified early education expenses, shall be treated as qualified higher education expenses. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—If the aggregate amount of cash distributions from all qualified tui-tion programs described in subsection (b)(1)(A)(ii) with respect to a beneficiary for expenses described in clause (i) during any taxable year exceeds $10,000, such excess shall be treated for purposes of subsection (c)(3) as distributions in excess of the quali-fied higher education expenses of the bene-ficiary. ‘‘(iii) Q
UALIFIED EARLY EDUCATION EX -
PENSES .—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘qualified early education expenses’ means expenses for providing educational and other care to a child under age 5, as de-termined under the law of the State, pursu-ant to attendance at a school or facility li-censed in the State for such purpose.’’. (e) D
EDUCTION FOR CONTRIBUTIONS FOR ELE-
MENTARY AND SECONDARY TUITION AND QUALI-
FIED EARLY EDUCATION EXPENSES .—Section 529(e)(3)(D), as added by subsection (d), is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) D
EDUCTION FOR CONTRIBUTIONS .— There shall be allowed a deduction, as if al-lowed under part VI of subchapter A, in an amount equal to any contribution made dur-ing the taxable year to a qualified tuition program described in subsection (b)(1)(A)(ii) which is designated for the qualified early education expenses of a beneficiary, except that the aggregate of the amounts taken into account with respect to the same bene-ficiary shall not exceed $10,000.’’. (f) C
AREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION EX-
PENSES .—Section 529(e)(3), as amended by subsections (c) and (d), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) T
REATMENT OF CAREER AND TECHNICAL  
EDUCATION EXPENSES .—Such term shall in-clude expenses for books, supplies, and equip-ment required for enrollment or attendance of a designated beneficiary in a career and technical education program (as defined in section 3 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2302)).’’. (g) I
NDUSTRY INTERMEDIARY EDUCATION EX-
PENSES .—Section 529(e)(3), as amended by the preceding subsections, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) T
REATMENT OF INDUSTRY INTER -
MEDIARY EDUCATION EXPENSES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Such term shall include expenses for books, supplies, and equipment required for enrollment or attendance of a designated beneficiary in an industry inter-mediary education program. ‘‘(ii) I
NDUSTRY INTERMEDIARY EDUCATION  
PROGRAM .—For purposes of this subpara-graph, the term ‘industry intermediary edu-cation program’ means any entity that— ‘‘(I) in order to accelerate apprenticeship program development and help establish new apprenticeship partnerships at the national, State, or regional level, serves as a conduit between an employer and an entity, such as an industry partner, the Department of Labor, or a State agency responsible for workforce development programs, ‘‘(II) demonstrates a capacity to work with employers and other key partners to identify workforce trends and foster public-private funding to establish new apprenticeship pro-grams, and ‘‘(III) is a business, a consortium of busi-nesses, a business-related nonprofit organiza-tion (including industry associations and business federations), a private organization functioning as a workforce intermediary for the express purpose of serving the needs of businesses (including community-based non-profit service providers and industry-aligned training providers), or a consortium of any of such entities.’’. (h) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to contribu-tions made and distributions paid after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SA 1608. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part IV of subtitle A of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 11033. CONSOLIDATION OF EDUCATION SAV-INGS RULES. 
(a) N ONEWCONTRIBUTIONS TO COVERDELL  E
DUCATION SAVINGS ACCOUNT .—Section 530(b)(1)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) Except in the case of rollover con-tributions, no contribution will be accepted after December 31, 2017.’’. (b) L
IMITED DISTRIBUTION ALLOWED FOR EL-
EMENTARY AND SECONDARY TUITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 529(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(7) T
REATMENT OF ELEMENTARY AND SEC -
ONDARY TUITION .—Any reference in this sub-section to the term ‘qualified higher edu-cation expense’ shall include a reference to expenses for tuition in connection with en-rollment at an elementary or secondary school.’’. (2) L
IMITATION .—Section 529(e)(3)(A) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The amount of cash distributions from all qualified tuition programs described in sub-section (b)(1)(A)(ii) with respect to a bene-ficiary during any taxable year shall, in the aggregate, include not more than $10,000 in expenses for tuition incurred during the tax-able year in connection with the enrollment or attendance of the beneficiary as an ele-mentary or secondary school student at a public, private, or religious school.’’. (c) R
OLLOVERS TO QUALIFIED TUITION PRO-
GRAMS PERMITTED .—Section 530(d)(5) is amended by inserting ‘‘, or into (by purchase or contribution) a qualified tuition program (as defined in section 529),’’ after ‘‘into an-other Coverdell education savings account’’. (d) D
ISTRIBUTIONS FROM QUALIFIED TUITION  P
ROGRAMS FOR CERTAIN EXPENSES ASSOCI -
ATED WITHREGISTERED APPRENTICESHIP PRO-
GRAMS .—Section 529(e)(3) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(C) C
ERTAIN EXPENSES ASSOCIATED WITH  
REGISTERED APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS .—The term ‘qualified higher education expenses’ shall include books, supplies, and equipment required for the enrollment or attendance of a designated beneficiary in an apprenticeship program registered and certified with the Secretary of Labor under section 1 of the Na-tional Apprenticeship Act (29 U.S.C. 50).’’. (e) EFFECTIVE DATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to contribu-tions made after December 31, 2017. (2) R
OLLOVERS TO QUALIFIED TUITION PRO -
GRAMS .—The amendments made by sub-section (b) shall apply to distributions after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1609. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part IV of subtitle C of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 13311. ALLOWANCE OF DEDUCTIONS AND CREDITS RELATING TO EXPENDI-TURES IN CONNECTION WITH MARI-JUANA SALES CONDUCTED IN COM-PLIANCE WITH STATE LAW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 280E is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, unless such trade or business consists of marijuana sales conducted in compliance with State law’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply with respect to taxable years ending after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1610. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. TAX-FREE PRODUCTION OF KOMBUCHA. 
(a) E XCEPTION FROM DEFINITION OF BREW-
ER.—Subsection (d) of section 5052 is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(d) B
REWER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this chapter, the term ‘brewer’ means any person who brews beer or produces beer for sale. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The term ‘brewer’ shall not include any person who— ‘‘(A) produces only beer exempt from tax under subsection (e) of section 5053, or ‘‘(B) produces only kombucha exempt from tax under subsection (i) of such section.’’. (b) E
XEMPTION FROM TAX.—Section 5053 is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (i) as sub-section (j), and (2) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(i) P
RODUCTION OF KOMBUCHA .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to regulation prescribed by the Secretary, any person may, without payment of tax, produce kombucha for consumption or sale. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this chapter, the term ‘kombucha’ means a bev-erage which— ‘‘(A) is fermented solely by a symbiotic culture of bacteria and yeast, ‘‘(B) contains not more than 1.25 percent of alcohol by volume, ‘‘(C) is sold or offered for sale as kombucha, and ‘‘(D) is derived from— ‘‘(i) sugar, malt or malt substitute, tea, or coffee, and ‘‘(ii) not more than 20 percent other whole-some ingredients.’’. 
SA 1611. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.024 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7414 November 29, 2017 
her to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part III of subtitle A of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 11030. TEMPORARY REDUCTION IN MEDICAL EXPENSE DEDUCTION FLOOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (f) of section 213 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULES FOR 2013 T HROUGH  2018.—In the case of any taxable year— ‘‘(1) beginning after December 31, 2012, and ending before January 1, 2017, in the case of a taxpayer if such taxpayer or such tax-payer’s spouse has attained age 65 before the close of such taxable year, and ‘‘(2) beginning after December 31, 2016, and ending before January 1, 2019, in the case of any taxpayer, subsection (a) shall be applied with respect to a taxpayer by substituting ‘7.5 percent’ for ‘10 percent’.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SA 1612. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part III of subtitle A of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 2. REFUNDABILITY OF CHILD AND DEPEND-ENT CARE TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by redesignating section 21 as section 36C, and (2) by moving section 36C, as so redesig-nated, from subpart A of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 to the location imme-diately before section 37 in subpart C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1. (b) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—Section 36C, as redesignated by subsection (a), is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g), and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year beginning after 2017, each of the dollar amounts in subsections (a)(2) and (c) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. ‘‘(2) R
OUNDING .—If any increase determined under paragraph (1) is not a multiple of $50, such increase shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $50.’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) Paragraph (1) of section 23(f) is amended by striking ‘‘21(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘36C(e)’’. (2) Paragraph (6) of section 35(g) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘21(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘36C(e)’’. (3) Paragraph (1) of section 36C(a) (as redes-ignated by subsection (a)) is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘this subtitle’’. (4) Subparagraph (C) of section 129(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 21(e)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 36C(e)’’. (5) Paragraph (2) of section 129(b) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 21(d)(2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 36C(d)(2)’’. (6) Paragraph (1) of section 129(e) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 21(b)(2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 36C(b)(2)’’. (7) Subsection (e) of section 213 is amended by striking ‘‘section 21’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 36C’’. (8) Subparagraph (H) of section 6213(g)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 21’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 36C’’. (9) Subparagraph (L) of section 6213(g)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 21, 24, or 32,’’ and inserting ‘‘section 24, 32, or 36C,’’. (10) Paragraph (2) of section 1324(b) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing ‘‘36C,’’ after ‘‘36B,’’. (11) The table of sections for subpart C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 36B the following: ‘‘Sec. 36C. Expenses for household and de-pendent care services necessary for gainful employment.’’. (12) The table of sections for subpart A of such part IV is amended by striking the item relating to section 21. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1613. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part III of subtitle A of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 11030. TEMPORARY REDUCTION IN MEDICAL EXPENSE DEDUCTION FLOOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (f) of section 213 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULES FOR 2013 T HROUGH  2018.—In the case of any taxable year— ‘‘(1) beginning after December 31, 2012, and ending before January 1, 2017, in the case of a taxpayer if such taxpayer or such tax-payer’s spouse has attained age 65 before the close of such taxable year, and ‘‘(2) beginning after December 31, 2016, and ending before January 1, 2019, in the case of any taxpayer, subsection (a) shall be applied with respect to a taxpayer by substituting ‘7.5 percent’ for ‘10 percent’.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SA 1614. Ms. COLLINS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part III of subtitle A of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 2. REFUNDABILITY OF CHILD AND DEPEND-ENT CARE TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by redesignating section 21 as section 36C, and (2) by moving section 36C, as so redesig-nated, from subpart A of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 to the location imme-diately before section 37 in subpart C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1. (b) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—Section 36C, as redesignated by subsection (a), is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g), and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year beginning after 2017, each of the dollar amounts in subsections (a)(2) and (c) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. ‘‘(2) ROUNDING .—If any increase determined under paragraph (1) is not a multiple of $50, such increase shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $50.’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) Paragraph (1) of section 23(f) is amended by striking ‘‘21(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘36C(e)’’. (2) Paragraph (6) of section 35(g) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘21(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘36C(e)’’. (3) Paragraph (1) of section 36C(a) (as redes-ignated by subsection (a)) is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘this subtitle’’. (4) Subparagraph (C) of section 129(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 21(e)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 36C(e)’’. (5) Paragraph (2) of section 129(b) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 21(d)(2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 36C(d)(2)’’. (6) Paragraph (1) of section 129(e) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 21(b)(2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 36C(b)(2)’’. (7) Subsection (e) of section 213 is amended by striking ‘‘section 21’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 36C’’. (8) Subparagraph (H) of section 6213(g)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 21’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 36C’’. (9) Subparagraph (L) of section 6213(g)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 21, 24, or 32,’’ and inserting ‘‘section 24, 32, or 36C,’’. (10) Paragraph (2) of section 1324(b) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing ‘‘36C,’’ after ‘‘36B,’’. (11) The table of sections for subpart C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 36B the following: ‘‘Sec. 36C. Expenses for household and de-pendent care services necessary for gainful employment.’’. (12) The table of sections for subpart A of such part IV is amended by striking the item relating to section 21. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsections (a), (b), and (c) shall apply to taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SA 1615. Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mr. C
ORNYN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part III of subtitle D of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 14506. INTERNATIONAL REGULATED INVEST-MENT COMPANIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by redesignating part V as part VI and inserting after part IV the following new part: ‘‘PART V—INTERNATIONAL REGULATED INVESTMENT COMPANIES ‘‘Sec. 998. Definition of international regu-lated investment company. ‘‘Sec. 998A. Taxation of IRICs. ‘‘Sec. 998B. Other rules. 
‘‘SEC. 998. DEFINITION OF INTERNATIONAL REG-ULATED INVESTMENT COMPANY. 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.—For purposes of this title, the terms ‘international regulated in-vestment company’ and ‘IRIC’ mean, with respect to any taxable year, a domestic cor-poration which, at all times during the tax-able year, meets the following requirements: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.025 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7415 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(1) The corporation is registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940. ‘‘(2) Except as provided in subsection (c), the corporation holds no assets other than the stock of a single regulated investment company— ‘‘(A) to which part I of subchapter M ap-plies, and ‘‘(B) which is not a qualified investment entity (as defined in section 897(h)(4)(A)(ii))). ‘‘(3) All outstanding stock of the corpora-tion is held by nonresident alien individuals (and their foreign estates) and qualified for-eign pension funds (within the meaning of section 897(l)(2)). ‘‘(4) The corporation has in effect an elec-tion to be treated as an IRIC. ‘‘(b) E
LECTION .—An election to be treated as an IRIC shall apply to the taxable year for which made and all subsequent taxable years until terminated. Such election shall be made for any taxable year not later than the due date (with extensions) for the return of tax imposed by this subtitle for the taxable year. ‘‘(c) P
ERMITTED ASSETS .—For purposes of subsection (a)(2), an IRIC may hold— ‘‘(1) an amount of cash and cash equiva-lents reasonably necessary or appropriate for the corporation to conduct its normal af-fairs, and ‘‘(2) such other assets as are incidental to the corporation’s conduct of its normal af-fairs or otherwise allowed by the Secretary. ‘‘(d) T
ERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), if a corporation fails to meet the requirements of subsection (a) at any time during the taxable year, the corpora-tion shall not be treated as an IRIC for such taxable year. ‘‘(2) I
NADVERTENT FAILURE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A corporation which fails to meet the requirements of subsection (a) for any taxable year shall nevertheless be considered to have satisfied the require-ments of such subsection for such taxable year if— ‘‘(i) the failure was due to reasonable cause and not due to willful neglect, ‘‘(ii) no later than 30 days after the dis-covery of the event causing such failure, the corporation meets the requirements of sub-section (a), ‘‘(iii) in the case of a failure to meet the requirements of subsection (a)(3) for any pe-riod, the failure was caused by persons not described therein holding, in the aggregate, less than 1 percent of the stock (by value) of the corporation, and ‘‘(iv) the corporation pays the additional tax imposed by reason of subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) I
MPOSITION OF ADDITIONAL TAX ON CER -
TAIN FAILURES .—In the case of a failure de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(iii) for any tax-able year, the tax imposed by section 998A(a) on the IRIC shall be equal to the sum of — ‘‘(i) the tax determined under such section (without regard to this subparagraph) on amounts received by the IRIC for the taxable year other than amounts so received which are attributable to stock held by persons not described in subsection (a)(3) for the period so held, plus ‘‘(ii) 100 percent of the amounts received which are so attributable. The Secretary shall prescribe rules for the proper allocation of deductions to amounts described in this subparagraph. 
‘‘SEC. 998A. TAXATION OF IRICS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of an IRIC, there shall be imposed, in lieu of the tax im-posed by section 11, a tax equal to 30 percent of the excess of— ‘‘(1) the amounts received by the IRIC which (before the application of any treaty) would be subject to tax under section 871(a) if received by a nonresident alien individual, over ‘‘(2) the deductions properly allocable to such amounts (other than deductions al-lowed under sections 163, 172, 243, and such other provisions as the Secretary may pre-scribe in regulations to prevent abuse). ‘‘(b) TREATIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a treaty IRIC, subsection (a) shall be applied by sub-stituting ‘15 percent’ for ‘30 percent’. ‘‘(2) T
REATY IRIC .—For purposes of para-graph (1), the term ‘treaty IRIC’ means an IRIC— ‘‘(A) all the outstanding stock of which is held by persons resident in a country that has in effect with the United States an in-come tax treaty pursuant to which such per-sons would, by reason of section 894(a), be subject to tax under section 871(a) on divi-dends at a rate not greater than 15 percent, and ‘‘(B) which elects to be a treaty IRIC. Rules similar to the rules of section 998(b) shall apply to an election under subpara-graph (B). 
‘‘SEC. 998B. OTHER RULES. 
‘‘(a) C OORDINATION WITHSUBCHAPTER M.— Except as provided in subsection (e), an IRIC shall not be treated as a regulated invest-ment company for purposes of this title. ‘‘(b) N
OCARRYOVERS .— ‘‘(1) C
ARRYOVERS TO IRIC YEARS .—No carryforward, and no carryback, arising for a taxable year for which the corporation is not an IRIC may be carried to a taxable year for which such corporation is an IRIC. ‘‘(2) C
ARRYOVERS FROM IRIC YEARS .—No carryforward, and no carryback, shall arise for a taxable year for which a corporation is an IRIC. ‘‘(c) C
ERTAIN TAXES NOT TO APPLY .—Sec- tions 531 and 541 shall not apply to an IRIC. ‘‘(d) C
REDITS NOTALLOWED .—No credits under this chapter shall be allowed to an IRIC. ‘‘(e) R
EDEMPTIONS .—In applying section 302(b)(5), an IRIC shall be treated as a pub-licly offered regulated investment company. ‘‘(f) R
ELIANCE ON CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) R
ELIANCE .—With respect to the re-quirement in sections 998(a)(3) and 998A(b)(2)(A), a corporation may rely on the certification of its shareholders, unless or until such time that the corporation has rea-son to know that the certification is false or is no longer true. ‘‘(2) R
EDEMPTION UPON FALSE CERTIFI -
CATION .—If a corporation has reason to know that the certification made by one of its shareholders is false or is no longer true, the corporation must redeem the stock held by such shareholder as soon as reasonably prac-ticable (and in no case more than 30 days after the corporation obtains such reason to know). Failure to redeem such stock in a timely manner shall result in the corpora-tion failing the requirement of section 998(a)(3) or 998A(b)(2)(A), whichever is appli-cable. ‘‘(3) C
ERTIFICATION BY CERTAIN INSTITU -
TIONS .—For purposes of this subsection, a certification with regard to a person which is made by an institution described in section 871(h)(5)(B) in a form satisfactory to the Sec-retary under section 871(h) shall be deemed to be a certification by such person.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of parts for subchapter N of chapter 1 is amend-ed by redesignating the item relating to part V as relating to part VI and inserting after the item relating to part IV the following new item: ‘‘PART V—I
NTERNATIONAL REGULATED  I
NVESTMENT COMPANIES ’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. SA 1616. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. EXTENSION OF GEOTHERMAL EN-ERGY PROPERTY. 
(a) C REDIT PERCENTAGE FOR GEOTHERMAL  E
NERGY PROPERTY .—Section 48(a)(2)(A)(i)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (i) or (iii) of paragraph (3)(A)’’. (b) P
HASEOUT OF 30-P ERCENT CREDIT RATE 
FOR GEOTHERMAL ENERGY PROPERTY .—Sec- tion 48(a)(6) is amended— (1) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘
AND GEO -
THERMAL ’’ after ‘‘ SOLAR ’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘para-graph (3)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (i) or (iii) of paragraph (3)(A)’’; and (3) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘prop-erty energy property described in paragraph (3)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘energy property de-scribed in clause (i) or (iii) of paragraph (3)(A)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2017. 
SA 1617. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. TECHNOLOGIES FOR ENERGY JOBS AND SECURITY. 
(a) E XTENSION AND PHASEOUT OF RESIDEN -
TIAL ENERGY EFFICIENT PROPERTY .— (1) E
XTENSION .—Section 25D(h) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016 (December 31, 2021, in the case of any qualified solar elec-tric property expenditures and qualified solar water heating property expenditures)’’, and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021’’. (2) P
HASEOUT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) of section 25D(a) are amended by striking ‘‘30 percent’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘the applicable percentage’’. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 25D(g) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2) of’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on January 1, 2017. (b) E
XTENSION AND PHASEOUT OF ENERGY  C
REDIT .— (1) C
REDIT PERCENTAGE FOR GEOTHERMAL  
ENERGY PROPERTY .—Section 48(a)(2)(A)(i)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (i) or (iii) of paragraph (3)(A)’’. (2) E
XTENSION OF SOLAR AND THERMAL EN -
ERGY PROPERTY .—Section 48(a)(3)(A) is amended— (A) in clause (ii) by striking ‘‘periods end-ing before January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘property the construction of which begins before January 1, 2022’’; and (B) in clause (vii) by striking ‘‘periods end-ing before January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘property the construction of which begins before January 1, 2022’’. (3) P
HASEOUT OF 30 -PERCENT CREDIT RATE  
FOR GEOTHERMAL ENERGY PROPERTY .—Section 48(a)(6) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.026 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7416 November 29, 2017 
(A) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘ AND GEO -
THERMAL ’’ after ‘‘ SOLAR ’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘para-graph (3)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (i) or (iii) of paragraph (3)(A)’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘prop-erty energy property described in paragraph (3)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘energy property de-scribed in clause (i) or (iii) of paragraph (3)(A)’’. (4) P
HASEOUT OF 30 -PERCENT CREDIT RATE  
FOR FIBER -OPTIC SOLAR , QUALIFIED FUEL CELL , 
AND QUALIFIED SMALL WIND ENERGY PROP -
ERTY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 48(a) is amended by adding the following: ‘‘(7) P
HASEOUT FOR FIBER -OPTIC SOLAR , 
QUALIFIED FUEL CELL , AND QUALIFIED SMALL  
WIND ENERGY PROPERTY .—In the case of any energy property described in paragraph (3)(A)(ii), qualified fuel cell property, or qualified small wind property, the energy percentage determined under paragraph (2) shall be equal to— ‘‘(A) in the case of any property the con-struction of which begins after December 31, 2019, and before January 1, 2021, 26 percent, and ‘‘(B) in the case of any property the con-struction of which begins after December 31, 2020, and before January 1, 2022, 22 percent.’’. (B) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 48(a)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘para-graph (6)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (6) and (7)’’. (5) E
XTENSION OF QUALIFIED FUEL CELL  
PROPERTY .—Section 48(c)(1)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘for any period after December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of which does not begin before January 1, 2022’’. (6) E
XTENSION OF QUALIFIED MICROTURBINE  
PROPERTY .—Section 48(c)(2)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘for any period after December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of which does not begin before January 1, 2022’’. (7) E
XTENSION OF COMBINED HEAT AND POWER  
SYSTEM PROPERTY .—Section 48(c)(3)(A)(iv) is amended by striking ‘‘which is placed in service before January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of which begins before January 1, 2022’’. (8) E
XTENSION OF QUALIFIED SMALL WIND EN -
ERGY PROPERTY .—Section 48(c)(4)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘for any period after December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the con-struction of which does not begin before Jan-uary 1, 2022’’. (9) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on January 1, 2017. (c) W
ASTE HEAT TO POWER PROPERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .— (A) I
NTRODUCTION OF WASTE TO HEAT POWER  
ENERGY PROPERTY .—Section 48(a)(3)(A) is amended— (i) at the end of clause (vi) by striking ‘‘or’’; and (ii) at the end of clause (vii) by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the comma; and (iii) by adding the following: ‘‘(viii) waste heat to power property,’’. (B) D
EFINITIONS AND LIMITATIONS .—Section 48(c) is amended by adding the following: ‘‘(5) W
ASTE HEAT TO POWER PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘waste heat to power property’ means property— ‘‘(i) comprising a system which generates electricity through the recovery of a quali-fied waste heat resource, and ‘‘(ii) the construction of which begins be-fore January 1, 2022. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED WASTE HEAT RESOURCE .— The term ‘qualified waste heat resource’ means— ‘‘(i) exhaust heat or flared gas from an in-dustrial process that does not have, as its primary purpose, the production of elec-tricity, and ‘‘(ii) a pressure drop in any gas for an in-dustrial or commercial process. ‘‘(C) LIMITATIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of sub-section (a)(1), the basis of any waste heat to power property taken into account under this section shall not exceed the excess of— ‘‘(I) the basis of such property, over ‘‘(II) the fair market value of comparable property which does not have the capacity to capture and convert a qualified waste heat resource to electricity. ‘‘(ii) C
APACITY LIMITATION .—The term ‘waste heat to power property’ shall not in-clude any property comprising a system if such system has a capacity in excess of 50 megawatts.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to peri-ods after December 31, 2016, in taxable years ending after such date, under rules similar to the rules of section 48(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Rev-enue Reconciliation Act of 1990). 
SA 1618. Mr. HATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the first word and insert the following: TITLE I 
SEC. 11000. SHORT TITLE, ETC. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This title may be cited as the ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’. (b) A
MENDMENT OF 1986 C ODE.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is ex-pressed in terms of an amendment to, or re-peal of, a section or other provision, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Subtitle A—Individual Tax Reform PART I—TAX RATE REFORM 
SEC. 11001. MODIFICATION OF RATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(j) M
ODIFICATIONS FOR TAXABLE YEARS  2018 T
HROUGH 2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) subsection (i) shall not apply, and ‘‘(B) this section (other than subsection (i)) shall be applied as provided in paragraphs (2) through (7). ‘‘(2) R
ATE TABLES .— ‘‘(A) M
ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING JOINT RE -
TURNS AND SURVIVING SPOUSES .—The fol- lowing table shall be applied in lieu of the table contained in subsection (a): ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: 
Not over $19,050 .............. 10% of taxable income. Over $19,050 but not over $77,400.$1,905, plus 12% of the ex-cess over $19,050. Over $77,400 but not over $140,000.$8,907, plus 22% of the ex-cess over $77,400. Over $140,000 but not over $320,000.$22,679, plus 24% of the excess over $140,000. Over $320,000 but not over $400,000.$65,879, plus 32% of the excess over $320,000. Over $400,000 but not over $1,000,000.$91,479, plus 35% of the excess over $400,000. Over $1,000,000 ................. $301,479 plus 38.5% of the excess over $1,000,000. 
‘‘(B) H EADS OF HOUSEHOLDS .—The following table shall be applied in lieu of the table con-tained in subsection (b): ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: 
Not over $13,600 .............. 10% of taxable income. ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: 
Over $13,600 but not over $51,800.$1,360, plus 12% of the ex-cess over $13,600. Over $51,800 but not over $70,000.$5,944, plus 22% of the ex-cess over $51,800. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000.$9,948, plus 24% of the ex-cess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000.$31,548, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $500,000.$44,348, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $500,000 ................... $149,348, plus 38.5% of the excess over $500,000. 
‘‘(C) U NMARRIED INDIVIDUALS OTHER THAN  
SURVIVING SPOUSES AND HEADS OF HOUSE -
HOLDS .—The following table shall be applied in lieu of the table contained in subsection (c): ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: 
Not over $9,525 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $9,525 but not over $38,700.$952.50, plus 12% of the excess over $9,525. Over $38,700 but not over $70,000.$4,453.50, plus 22% of the excess over $38,700. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000.$11,339.50, plus 24% of the excess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000.$32,939.50, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $500,000.$45,739.50, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $500,000 ................... $150,739.50, plus 38.5% of the excess over $500,000. 
‘‘(D) M ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING SEPARATE  
RETURNS .—The following table shall be ap-plied in lieu of the table contained in sub-section (d): ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: 
Not over $9,525 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $9,525 but not over $38,700.$952.50, plus 12% of the excess over $9,525. Over $38,700 but not over $70,000.$4,453.50, plus 22% of the excess over $38,700. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000.$11,339.50, plus 24% of the excess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000.$32,939.50, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $500,000.$45,739.50, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $500,000 ................... $150,739.50, plus 38.5% of the excess over $500,000. 
‘‘(E) E STATES AND TRUSTS .—The following table shall be applied in lieu of the table con-tained in subsection (e): ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: 
Not over $2,550 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $2,550 but not over $9,150.$255, plus 24% of the ex-cess over $2,550. Over $9,150 but not over $12,500.$1,839, plus 35% of the ex-cess over $9,150. Over $12,500 ..................... $3,011.50, plus 38.5% of the excess over $12,500. 
‘‘(F) R EFERENCES TO RATE TABLES .—Any reference in this title to a rate of tax under subsection (c) shall be treated as a reference to the corresponding rate bracket under sub-paragraph (C) of this paragraph, except that the reference in section 3402(q)(1) to the third lowest rate of tax applicable under sub-section (c) shall be treated as a reference to the fourth lowest rate of tax under subpara-graph (C). ‘‘(3) A
DJUSTMENTS , ELIMINATION OF MAR -
RIAGE PENALTY ; ETC.— ‘‘(A) N
O ADJUSTMENT IN 2018 .—The tables contained in paragraph (2) shall apply with-out adjustment for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2019. ‘‘(B) S
UBSEQUENT YEARS .—For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018, the Secretary shall prescribe tables which shall apply in lieu of the tables contained in para-graph (2) in the same manner as under para-graphs (1) and (2) of subsection (f), except that in prescribing such tables— ‘‘(i) subsection (f)(3) shall be applied by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof, and ‘‘(ii) subsection (f)(7) shall not apply and— ‘‘(I) the maximum taxable income in each of the rate brackets in the table contained in paragraph (2)(A) (and the minimum taxable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.026 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7417 November 29, 2017 
income in the next higher taxable income bracket with respect to each such bracket in such table) shall be 200 percent of the max-imum taxable income in the corresponding rate bracket in the table contained in para-graph (2)(C) (after any other adjustment under paragraph (3)), and ‘‘(II) the comparable taxable income amounts in the table contained in paragraph (2)(D) shall be 
1⁄2of the amounts determined under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CERTAIN CHILDREN  
WITH UNEARNED INCOME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a child to whom subsection (g) applies for the taxable year, the rules of subparagraphs (B) and (C) shall apply in lieu of the rule under sub-section (g)(1). ‘‘(B) M
ODIFICATIONS TO APPLICABLE RATE  
BRACKETS .—In determining the amount of tax imposed by this section for the taxable year on a child described in subparagraph (A), the income tax table otherwise applica-ble under this subsection to the child shall be applied with the following modifications: ‘‘(i) 24-
PERCENT BRACKET .—The maximum taxable income which is taxed at a rate below 24 percent shall not be more than the earned taxable income of such child. ‘‘(ii) 35-
PERCENT BRACKET .—The maximum taxable income which is taxed at a rate below 35 percent shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the minimum taxable income for the 35-percent bracket in the table under para-graph (2)(E) (as adjusted under paragraph (3)) for the taxable year. ‘‘(iii) 38.5-
PERCENT BRACKET .—The max-imum taxable income which is taxed at a rate below 38.5 percent shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the minimum taxable income for the 38.5-percent bracket in the table under para-graph (2)(E) (as adjusted under paragraph (3)) for the taxable year. ‘‘(C) C
OORDINATION WITH CAPITAL GAINS  
RATES .—For purposes of applying section 1(h) (after the modifications under paragraph (5))— ‘‘(i) the maximum zero rate amount shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the amount in effect under paragraph (5)(B)(i)(IV) for the taxable year, and ‘‘(ii) the maximum 15-percent rate amount shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the amount in effect under paragraph (5)(B)(ii)(IV) for the taxable year. ‘‘(D) E
ARNED TAXABLE INCOME .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘earned taxable income’ means, with respect to any child for any taxable year, the taxable in-come of such child reduced (but not below zero) by the net unearned income (as defined in subsection (g)(4)) of such child. ‘‘(5) A
PPLICATION OF CURRENT INCOME TAX  
BRACKETS TO CAPITAL GAINS BRACKETS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1(h)(1) shall be applied— ‘‘(i) by substituting ‘below the maximum zero rate amount’ for ‘which would (without regard to this paragraph) be taxed at a rate below 25 percent’ in subparagraph (B)(i), and ‘‘(ii) by substituting ‘below the maximum 15-percent rate amount’ for ‘which would (without regard to this paragraph) be taxed at a rate below 39.6 percent’ in subparagraph (C)(ii)(I). ‘‘(B) M
AXIMUM AMOUNTS DEFINED .—For pur- poses of applying section 1(h) with the modi-fications described in subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) MAXIMUM ZERO RATE AMOUNT .—The maximum zero rate amount shall be— ‘‘(I) in the case of a joint return or sur-viving spouse, $77,200 (
1⁄2such amount in the case of a married individual filing a separate return), ‘‘(II) in the case of an individual who is a head of household (as defined in section 2(b)), $51,700, ‘‘(III) in the case of any other individual (other than an estate or trust), an amount equal to 
1⁄2of the amount in effect for the taxable year under clause (i), and ‘‘(IV) in the case of an estate or trust, $2,600. ‘‘(ii) M
AXIMUM 15 -PERCENT RATE AMOUNT .— The maximum 15-percent rate amount shall be— ‘‘(I) in the case of a joint return or sur-viving spouse, $479,000 (
1⁄2such amount in the case of a married individual filing a separate return), ‘‘(II) in the case of an individual who is the head of a household (as defined in section 2(b)), $452,400, ‘‘(III) in the case of any other individual (other than an estate or trust), $425,800, and ‘‘(IV) in the case of an estate or trust, $12,700. ‘‘(C) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, each of the dollar amounts in clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under subsection (f)(3) for the cal-endar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. ‘‘(6) S
ECTION 15 NOT TO APPLY .—Section 15 shall not apply to any change in a rate of tax by reason of this subsection.’’. (b) D
UEDILIGENCE TAXPREPARER REQUIRE -
MENT WITHRESPECT TO HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD  F
ILING STATUS .—Subsection (g) of section 6695 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) F
AILURE TO BEDILIGENT IN DETER -
MINING ELIGIBILITY FOR CERTAIN TAXBENE-
FITS.—Any person who is a tax return pre-parer with respect to any return or claim for refund who fails to comply with due dili-gence requirements imposed by the Sec-retary by regulations with respect to deter-mining— ‘‘(1) eligibility to file as a head of house-hold (as defined in section 2(b)) on the re-turn, or ‘‘(2) eligibility for, or the amount of, the credit allowable by section 24, 25A(a)(1), or 32, shall pay a penalty of $500 for each such fail-ure.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11002. INFLATION ADJUSTMENTS BASED ON CHAINED CPI. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (f) of section 1 is amended by striking paragraph (3) and by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) C
OST-OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—For pur- poses of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The cost-of-living ad-justment for any calendar year is the per-centage (if any) by which— ‘‘(i) the C-CPI-U for the preceding calendar year, exceeds ‘‘(ii) the CPI for calendar year 2016, multi-plied by the amount determined under sub-paragraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT DETERMINED .—The amount determined under this clause is the amount obtained by dividing— ‘‘(i) the C-CPI-U for calendar year 2016, by ‘‘(ii) the CPI for calendar year 2016. ‘‘(C) SPECIAL RULE FOR ADJUSTMENTS WITH  
A BASE YEAR AFTER 2016 .—For purposes of any provision of this title which provides for the substitution of a year after 2016 for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii), subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘the C-CPI-U for calendar year 2016’ for ‘the CPI for calendar year 2016’ and all that follows in clause (ii) thereof.’’. (b) C-CPI-U.—Subsection (f) of section 1 is amended by striking paragraph (7), by redes-ignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (7), and by inserting after paragraph (5) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) C-CPI-U.—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘C-CPI-U’ means the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Depart-ment of Labor). The values of the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Con-sumers taken into account for purposes of determining the cost-of-living adjustment for any calendar year under this subsection shall be the latest values so published as of the date on which such Bureau publishes the initial value of the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of August for the preceding calendar year. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION FOR CALENDAR YEAR .— The C-CPI-U for any calendar year is the av-erage of the C-CPI-U as of the close of the 12- month period ending on August 31 of such calendar year.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION TO PERMANENT TAXTA-
BLES.—Section 1(f)(2)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘, determined by substituting ‘1992’ for ‘2016’ in paragraph (3)(A)(ii)’’. (d) A
PPLICATION TO OTHER INTERNAL REV-
ENUE CODE OF 1986 P ROVISIONS .— (1) The following sections are each amend-ed by striking ‘‘for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’: (A) Section 23(h)(2). (B) Paragraphs (1)(A)(ii) and (2)(A)(ii) of section 25A(h). (C) Section 25B(b)(3)(B). (D) Subsection (b)(2)(B)(ii)(II), and clauses (i) and (ii) of subsection (j)(1)(B), of section 32. (E) Section 36B(f)(2)(B)(ii)(II). (F) Section 41(e)(5)(C)(i). (G) Subsections (e)(3)(D)(ii) and (h)(3)(H)(i)(II) of section 42. (H) Section 45R(d)(3)(B)(ii). (I) Section 62(d)(3)(B). (J) Section 125(i)(2)(B). (K) Section 135(b)(2)(B)(ii). (L) Section 137(f)(2). (M) Section 146(d)(2)(B). (N) Section 147(c)(2)(H)(ii). (O) Section 179(b)(6)(A)(ii). (P) Subsections (b)(5)(C)(i)(II) and (g)(8)(B) of section 219. (Q) Section 220(g)(2). (R) Section 221(f)(1)(B). (S) Section 223(g)(1)(B). (T) Section 408A(c)(3)(D)(ii). (U) Section 430(c)(7)(D)(vii)(II). (V) Section 512(d)(2)(B). (W) Section 513(h)(2)(C)(ii). (X) Section 831(b)(2)(D)(ii). (Y) Section 877A(a)(3)(B)(i)(II). (Z) Section 2010(c)(3)(B)(ii). (AA) Section 2032A(a)(3)(B). (BB) Section 2503(b)(2)(B). (CC) Section 4261(e)(4)(A)(ii). (DD) Section 5000A(c)(3)(D)(ii). (EE) Section 6323(i)(4)(B). (FF) Section 6334(g)(1)(B). (GG) Section 6601(j)(3)(B). (HH) Section 6651(i)(1). (II) Section 6652(c)(7)(A). (JJ) Section 6695(h)(1). (KK) Section 6698(e)(1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7418 November 29, 2017 
(LL) Section 6699(e)(1). (MM) Section 6721(f)(1). (NN) Section 6722(f)(1). (OO) Section 7345(f)(2). (PP) Section 7430(c)(1). (QQ) Section 9831(d)(2)(D)(ii)(II). (2) Section 41(e)(5)(C)(ii) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘1(f)(3)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘1(f)(3)(A)(ii)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘1992’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. (3) Section 42(h)(6)(G) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘for ‘calendar year 1987’’’ in clause (i)(II) and inserting ‘‘for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘if the CPI for any calendar year’’ and all that follows in clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘if the C-CPI-U for any calendar year (as defined in section 1(f)(6)) exceeds the C-CPI-U for the preceding calendar year by more than 5 percent, the C-CPI-U for the base calendar year shall be increased such that such excess shall never be taken into account under clause (i). In the case of a base calendar year before 2017, the C-CPI-U for such year shall be determined by multi-plying the CPI for such year by the amount determined under section 1(f)(3)(B).’’. (4) Section 132(f)(6)(A)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘calendar year 1992’’’ and in-serting ‘‘for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subpara-graph (A)(ii) thereof’’. (5) Section 162(o)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘adjusted for changes in the Consumer Price Index (as defined in section 1(f)(5)) since 1991’’ and inserting ‘‘adjusted by increasing any such amount under the 1991 agreement by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 1990’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof’’. (6) So much of clause (ii) of section 213(d)(10)(B) as precedes the last sentence is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) M
EDICAL CARE COST ADJUSTMENT .—For purposes of clause (i), the medical care cost adjustment for any calendar year is the per-centage (if any) by which— ‘‘(I) the medical care component of the C- CPI-U (as defined in section 1(f)(6)) for Au-gust of the preceding calendar year, exceeds ‘‘(II) such component of the CPI (as defined in section 1(f)(4)) for August of 1996, multi-plied by the amount determined under sec-tion 1(f)(3)(B).’’. (7) Section 877(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (8) Section 911(b)(2)(D)(ii)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (9) Paragraph (2) of section 1274A(d) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any debt instrument arising out of a sale or exchange during any calendar year after 1989, each dollar amount contained in the preceding provisions of this section shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 1988’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. Any increase under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100 (or, if such increase is a multiple of $50, such increase shall be increased to the near-est multiple of $100).’’. (10) Section 4161(b)(2)(C)(i)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (11) Section 4980I(b)(3)(C)(v)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (12) Section 6039F(d) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘1995’ for ‘1992’’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof shall be applied by substituting ‘1995’ for ‘2016’’’. (13) Section 7872(g)(5) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) ADJUSTMENT OF LIMIT FOR INFLATION .— In the case of any loan made during any cal-endar year after 1986, the dollar amount in paragraph (2) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 1985’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. Any increase under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100 (or, if such increase is a multiple of $50, such increase shall be increased to the near-est multiple of $100).’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART II—DEDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME OF PASS-THRU ENTI-TIES 
SEC. 11011. DEDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED BUSI-NESS INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VI of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 199A. QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer other than a corporation, there shall be al-lowed as a deduction for any taxable year an amount equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(1) the combined qualified business in-come amount of the taxpayer, or ‘‘(2) an amount equal to 17.4 percent of the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the taxable income of the taxpayer for the taxable year, over ‘‘(B) any net capital gain (as defined in sec-tion 1(h)) of the taxpayer for the taxable year. ‘‘(b) C
OMBINED QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME  A
MOUNT .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘combined qualified business income amount’ means, with respect to any taxable year, an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) the sum of the amounts determined under paragraph (2) for each qualified trade or business carried on by the taxpayer, plus ‘‘(B) 17.4 percent of the aggregate amount of the qualified REIT dividends and qualified cooperative dividends of the taxpayer for the taxable year. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF DEDUCTIBLE AMOUNT  
FOR EACH TRADE OR BUSINESS .—The amount determined under this paragraph with re-spect to any qualified trade or business is the lesser of— ‘‘(A) 17.4 percent of the taxpayer’s qualified business income with respect to the qualified trade or business, or ‘‘(B) 50 percent of the W-2 wages with re-spect to the qualified trade or business. ‘‘(3) M
ODIFICATIONS TO THE WAGE LIMIT  
BASED ON TAXABLE INCOME .— ‘‘(A) E
XCEPTION FROM WAGE LIMIT .—In the case of any taxpayer whose taxable income for the taxable year does not exceed the threshold amount, paragraph (2) shall be ap-plied without regard to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) P
HASE -IN OF LIMIT FOR CERTAIN TAX -
PAYERS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—If— ‘‘(I) the taxable income of a taxpayer for any taxable year exceeds the threshold amount, but does not exceed the sum of the threshold amount plus $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint return), and ‘‘(II) the amount determined under para-graph (2)(B) (determined without regard to this subparagraph) with respect to any quali-fied trade or business carried on by the tax-payer is less than the amount determined under paragraph (2)(A) with respect such trade or business, then paragraph (2) shall be applied with re-spect to such trade or business without re-gard to subparagraph (B) thereof and by re-ducing the amount determined under sub-paragraph (A) thereof by the amount deter-mined under clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) A
MOUNT OF REDUCTION .—The amount determined under this subparagraph is the amount which bears the same ratio to the excess amount as— ‘‘(I) the amount by which the taxpayer’s taxable income for the taxable year exceeds the threshold amount, bears to ‘‘(II) $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(iii) E
XCESS AMOUNT .—For purposes of clause (ii), the excess amount is the excess of— ‘‘(I) the amount determined under para-graph (2)(A) (determined without regard to this paragraph), over ‘‘(II) the amount determined under para-graph (2)(B) (determined without regard to this paragraph). ‘‘(4) W
AGES , ETC.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘W-2 wages’ means, with respect to any person for any taxable year of such person, the amounts de-scribed in paragraphs (3) and (8) of section 6051(a) paid by such person with respect to employment of employees by such person during the calendar year ending during such taxable year. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION TO WAGES ATTRIBUTABLE TO  
QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME .—Such term shall not include any amount which is not prop-erly allocable to qualified business income for purposes of subsection (c)(1). ‘‘(C) R
ETURN REQUIREMENT .—Such term shall not include any amount which is not properly included in a return filed with the Social Security Administration on or before the 60th day after the due date (including ex-tensions) for such return. ‘‘(5) A
CQUISITIONS , DISPOSITIONS , AND SHORT  
TAXABLE YEARS .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for the application of this subsection in cases of a short taxable year or where the taxpayer acquires, or disposes of, the major portion of a trade or business or the major portion of a separate unit of a trade or busi-ness during the taxable year. ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified busi-ness income’ means, for any taxable year, the net amount of qualified items of income, gain, deduction, and loss with respect to any qualified trade or business of the taxpayer. ‘‘(2) C
ARRYOVER OF LOSSES .—If the net amount of qualified income, gain, deduction, and loss with respect to qualified trade or businesses of the taxpayer amount for any taxable year is less than zero, such amount shall be treated as a loss from a qualified trade or business in the succeeding taxable year. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED ITEMS OF INCOME , GAIN, DE-
DUCTION , AND LOSS .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified items of income, gain, deduction, and loss’ means items of income, gain, deduction, and loss to the extent such items are— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7419 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(i) effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States (within the meaning of section 864(c), determined by substituting ‘qualified trade or business (within the meaning of section 199A)’ for ‘nonresident alien individual or a foreign corporation’ or for ‘a foreign corpora-tion’ each place it appears), and ‘‘(ii) included or allowed in determining taxable income for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—The following invest-ment items shall not be taken into account as a qualified item of income, gain, deduc-tion, or loss: ‘‘(i) Any item of short-term capital gain, short-term capital loss, long-term capital gain, or long-term capital loss. ‘‘(ii) Any dividend, income equivalent to a dividend, or payment in lieu of dividends de-scribed in section 954(c)(1)(G). ‘‘(iii) Any interest income other than in-terest income which is properly allocable to a trade or business. ‘‘(iv) Any item of gain or loss described in subparagraph (C) or (D) of section 954(c)(1) (applied by substituting ‘qualified trade or business’ for ‘controlled foreign corpora-tion’). ‘‘(v) Any item of income, gain, deduction, or loss taken into account under section 954(c)(1)(F) (determined without regard to clause (ii) thereof and other than items at-tributable to notional principal contracts en-tered into in transactions qualifying under section 1221(a)(7)). ‘‘(vi) Any amount received from an annu-ity which is not received in connection with the trade or business. ‘‘(vii) Any item of deduction or loss prop-erly allocable to an amount described in any of the preceding clauses. ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF REASONABLE COMPENSA -
TION AND GUARANTEED PAYMENTS .—Qualified business income shall not include— ‘‘(A) reasonable compensation paid to the taxpayer by any qualified trade or business of the taxpayer for services rendered with re-spect to the trade or business, ‘‘(B) any guaranteed payment described in section 707(c) paid to a partner for services rendered with respect to the trade or busi-ness, and ‘‘(C) to the extent provided in regulations, any payment described in section 707(a) to a partner for services rendered with respect to the trade or business. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED TRADE OR BUSINESS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified trade or business’ means any trade or business other than a specified service trade or busi-ness. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIED SERVICE TRADE OR BUSI -
NESS.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘specified service trade or business’ means— ‘‘(i) any trade or business involving the performance of services described in section 1202(e)(3)(A), including investing and invest-ment management, trading, or dealing in se-curities (as defined in section 475(c)(2)), part-nership interests, or commodities (as defined in section 475(e)(2)). ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR SPECIFIED SERVICE BUSI -
NESSES BASED ON TAXPAYER ’S INCOME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If, for any taxable year, the taxable income of any taxpayer is less than the sum of the threshold amount plus $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint return), then— ‘‘(i) the exception under paragraph (1) shall not apply to specified service trades or busi-nesses of the taxpayer for the taxable year, but ‘‘(ii) only the applicable percentage of qualified items of income, gain, deduction, or loss, and the W-2 wages, of the taxpayer allocable to such specified service trades or businesses shall be taken into account in computing the qualified business income and W-2 wages of the taxpayer for the taxable year for purposes of applying this section. ‘‘(B) APPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For pur- poses of subparagraph (A), the term ‘applica-ble percentage’ means, with respect to any taxable year, 100 percent reduced (not below zero) by the percentage equal to the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the taxable income of the taxpayer for the taxable year in excess of the threshold amount, bears to ‘‘(ii) $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(e) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) T
AXABLE INCOME .—Taxable income shall be computed without regard to the de-duction allowable under this section. ‘‘(2) T
HRESHOLD AMOUNT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘threshold amount’ means $250,000 (200 percent of such amount in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(B) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, the dollar amount in paragraph (1) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. If any amount as increased under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1,000. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED REIT DIVIDEND .—The term ‘qualified REIT dividend’ means any divi-dend from a real estate investment trust re-ceived during the taxable year which— ‘‘(A) is not a capital gain dividend, as de-fined in section 857(b)(3), and ‘‘(B) is not qualified dividend income, as defined in section 1(h)(11). ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED COOPERATIVE DIVIDEND .— The term ‘qualified cooperative dividend’ means any patronage dividend (as defined in section 1388(a)), any per-unit retain alloca-tion (as defined in section 1388(f)), and any qualified written notice of allocation (as de-fined in section 1388(c)), or any similar amount received from an organization de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(ii), which— ‘‘(A) is includible in gross income, and ‘‘(B) is received from— ‘‘(i) an organization or corporation de-scribed in section 501(c)(12) or 1381(a), or ‘‘(ii) an organization which is governed under this title by the rules applicable to co-operatives under this title before the enact-ment of subchapter T. ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION TO PARTNERSHIPS AND S  
CORPORATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a partner-ship or S corporation— ‘‘(i) this section shall be applied at the partner or shareholder level, ‘‘(ii) each partner or shareholder shall take into account such person’s allocable share of each qualified item of income, gain, deduc-tion, and loss, and ‘‘(iii) each partner or shareholder shall be treated for purposes of subsection (b) as hav-ing W-2 wages for the taxable year in an amount equal to such person’s allocable share of the W-2 wages of the partnership or S corporation for the taxable year (as deter-mined under regulations prescribed by the Secretary). For purposes of clause (iii), a partner’s or shareholder’s allocable share of W-2 wages shall be determined in the same manner as the partner’s or shareholder’s allocable share of wage expenses. For purposes of this sub-paragraph, in the case of an S corporation, an allocable share shall be the shareholder’s pro rata share of an item. ‘‘(B) APPLICATION TO TRUSTS AND ES -
TATES .—This section shall not apply to any trust or estate. ‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF TRADES OR BUSINESS IN  
PUERTO RICO .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-payer with qualified business income from sources within the commonwealth of Puerto Rico, if all such income is taxable under sec-tion 1 for such taxable year, then for pur-poses of determining the qualified business income of such taxpayer for such taxable year, the term ‘United States’ shall include the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE FOR APPLYING WAGE LIM -
ITATION .—In the case of any taxpayer de-scribed in clause (i), the determination of W- 2 wages of such taxpayer with respect to any qualified trade or business conducted in Puerto Rico shall be made without regard to any exclusion under section 3401(a)(8) for re-muneration paid for services in Puerto Rico. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION WITH MINIMUM TAX .—For purposes of determining alternative min-imum taxable income under section 55, qualified business income shall be deter-mined without regard to any adjustments under sections 56 through 59. ‘‘(3) D
EDUCTION LIMITED TO INCOME TAXES .— The deduction under subsection (a) shall only be allowed for purposes of this chapter. ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this section, in-cluding regulations— ‘‘(A) for requiring or restricting the alloca-tion of items and wages under this section and such reporting requirements as the Sec-retary determines appropriate, and ‘‘(B) for the application of this section in the case of tiered entities. ‘‘(g) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall not apply to taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2025.’’. (b) A
CCURACY -RELATED PENALTY ON DETER -
MINATION OF APPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—Sec- tion 6662(d)(1) is amended by inserting at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE FOR TAXPAYERS CLAIM -
ING SECTION 199A DEDUCTION .—In the case of any taxpayer who claims the deduction al-lowed under section 199A for the taxable year, subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘5 percent’ for ‘10 percent’.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 170(b)(2)(D) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, and’’ at the end of clause (iv), by re-designating clause (v) as clause (vi), and by inserting after clause (iv) the following new clause: ‘‘(v) section 199A, and’’. (2) Section 172(d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) Q
UALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME DEDUC -
TION.—The deduction under section 199A shall not be allowed.’’. (3) Section 246(b)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘199A,’’ before ‘‘243(a)(1)’’. (4) Section 613(a) is amended by inserting ‘‘and without the deduction under section 199A’’ after ‘‘and without the deduction under section 199’’. (5) Section 613A(d)(1) is amended by redes-ignating subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (D), (E), and (F), respectively, and by inserting after subparagraph (B), the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) any deduction allowable under section 199A,’’. (6) The table of sections for part VI of sub-chapter B of chapter 1 is amended by insert-ing at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 199A. Qualified business income.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7420 November 29, 2017 
SEC. 11012. LIMITATION ON LOSSES FOR TAX-PAYERS OTHER THAN CORPORA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 461 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(l) L
IMITATION ON EXCESS BUSINESS  L
OSSES OF NONCORPORATE TAXPAYERS .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION .—In the case of taxable year of a taxpayer other than a corporation beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) subsection (j) (relating to limitation on excess farm losses of certain taxpayers) shall not apply, and ‘‘(B) any excess business loss of the tax-payer for the taxable year shall not be al-lowed. ‘‘(2) D
ISALLOWED LOSS CARRYOVER .—Any loss which is disallowed under paragraph (1) shall be treated as a net operating loss car-ryover to the following taxable year under section 172. ‘‘(3) E
XCESS BUSINESS LOSS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘excess busi-ness loss’ means the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the aggregate deductions of the tax-payer for the taxable year which are attrib-utable to trades or businesses of such tax-payer (determined without regard to whether or not such deductions are disallowed for such taxable year under paragraph (1)), over ‘‘(ii) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the aggregate gross income or gain of such taxpayer for the taxable year which is attributable to such trades or businesses, plus ‘‘(II) $250,000 (200 percent of such amount in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after De-cember 31, 2018, the $250,000 amount in sub-paragraph (A)(ii)(II) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. If any amount as increased under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1,000. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION OF SUBSECTION IN CASE OF  
PARTNERSHIPS AND S CORPORATIONS .—In the case of a partnership or S corporation— ‘‘(A) this subsection shall be applied at the partner or shareholder level, and ‘‘(B) each partner’s or shareholder’s allo-cable share of the items of income, gain, de-duction, or loss of the partnership or S cor-poration for any taxable year from trades or businesses attributable to the partnership or S corporation shall be taken into account by the partner or shareholder in applying this subsection to the taxable year of such part-ner or shareholder with or within which the taxable year of the partnership or S corpora-tion ends. For purposes of this paragraph, in the case of an S corporation, an allocable share shall be the shareholder’s pro rata share of an item. ‘‘(5) A
DDITIONAL REPORTING .—The Sec-retary shall prescribe such additional report-ing requirements as the Secretary deter-mines appropriate to carry out the purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(6) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 469 .—This subsection shall be applied after the applica-tion of section 469.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART III—TAX BENEFITS FOR FAMILIES AND INDIVIDUALS SEC. 11021. INCREASE IN STANDARD DEDUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 63 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(7) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) I
NCREASE IN STANDARD DEDUCTION .— Paragraph (2) shall be applied— ‘‘(i) by substituting ‘$18,000’ for ‘$4,400’ in subparagraph (B), and ‘‘(ii) by substituting ‘$12,000’ for ‘$3,000’ in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (4) shall not apply to the dollar amounts contained in paragraphs (2)(B) and (2)(C). ‘‘(ii) A
DJUSTMENT OF INCREASED AMOUNTS .— In the case of a taxable year beginning after 2018, the $18,000 and $12,000 amounts in sub-paragraph (A) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(I) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11022. INCREASE IN AND MODIFICATION OF CHILD TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS  2018 T
HROUGH 2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, this section shall be applied as provided in paragraphs (2) through (8). ‘‘(2) C
REDIT AMOUNT .—Subsection (a) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,000’ for ‘$1,000’. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—In lieu of the amount de-termined under subsection (b)(2), the thresh-old amount shall be $500,000. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION OF QUALIFYING CHILD .— Paragraph (1) of subsection (c) shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘18’ for ‘17’. ‘‘(5) P
ARTIAL CREDIT ALLOWED FOR CERTAIN  
OTHER DEPENDENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The credit determined under subsection (a) (after the application of paragraph (2)) shall be increased by $500 for each dependent of the taxpayer (as defined in section 152) other than a qualifying child de-scribed in subsection (c) (after the applica-tion of paragraph (4)). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN NONCITIZENS .— Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with re-spect to any individual who would not be a dependent if subparagraph (A) of section 152(b)(3) were applied without regard to all that follows ‘resident of the United States’. ‘‘(6) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF REFUNDABLE  
CREDIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (d)(1)(A) shall be applied without regard to para-graphs (2) and (5) of this subsection. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after 2017, subsection (d)(1)(A) shall be applied as if the $1,000 amount in subsection (a) were in-creased (but not to exceed the amount under paragraph (2) of this subsection) by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. Any increase determined under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the next highest multiple of $100. ‘‘(7) EARNED INCOME THRESHOLD FOR RE -
FUNDABLE CREDIT .—Subsection (d)(1)(B)(i) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,500’ for ‘$3,000’. ‘‘(8) S
OCIAL SECURITY NUMBER REQUIRED .— No credit shall be allowed under subsection (d) to a taxpayer with respect to any quali-fying child unless the taxpayer includes the social security number of such child on the return of tax for the taxable year. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the term ‘so-cial security number’ means a social secu-rity number issued to an individual by the Social Security Administration, but only if the social security number is issued to a cit-izen of the United States or is issued pursu-ant to subclause (I) (or that portion of sub-clause (III) that relates to subclause (I)) of section 205(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11023. INCREASED LIMITATION FOR CER-TAIN CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 170(b)(1) is amended by redesignating subparagraph (G) as subparagraph (H) and by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(G) I
NCREASED LIMITATION FOR CASH CON -
TRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any con-tribution of cash to an organization de-scribed in subparagraph (A), the total amount of such contributions which may be taken into account under subsection (a) for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, shall not exceed 60 percent of the taxpayer’s contribu-tion base for such year. ‘‘(ii) C
ARRYOVER .—If the aggregate amount of contributions described in clause (i) ex-ceeds the applicable limitation under clause (i) for any taxable year described in such clause, such excess shall be treated (in a manner consistent with the rules of sub-section (d)(1)) as a charitable contribution to which clause (i) applies in each of the 5 suc-ceeding years in order of time. ‘‘(iii) C
OORDINATION WITH SUBPARAGRAPHS  
(A) AND (B) .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Contributions taken into account under this subparagraph shall not be taken into account under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(II) L
IMITATION REDUCTION .—Subpara- graphs (A) and (B) shall be applied for each taxable year described in clause (i), and each taxable year to which any contribution under this subparagraph is carried over under clause (ii), by reducing (but not below zero) the aggregate contribution limitation allowed for the taxable year under each such subparagraph by the aggregate contributions allowed under this subparagraph for such taxable year.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to contribu-tions in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11024. INCREASED CONTRIBUTIONS TO ABLE ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NCREASE IN LIMITATION FOR CONTRIBU -
TIONS FROM COMPENSATION OF INDIVIDUALS  W
ITHDISABILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 529A(b)(2)(B) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) except in the case of contributions under subsection (c)(1)(C), if such contribu-tion to an ABLE account would result in ag-gregate contributions from all contributors to the ABLE account for the taxable year ex-ceeding the sum of— ‘‘(i) the amount in effect under section 2503(b) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, plus 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7421 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(ii) in the case of any contribution by a designated beneficiary described in para-graph (7) before January 1, 2026, the lesser of— ‘‘(I) compensation (as defined by section 219(f)(1)) includible in the designated bene-ficiary’s gross income for the preceding tax-able year, or ‘‘(II) an amount equal to the poverty line for a one-person household, as determined for the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the taxable year begins.’’. (2) E
LIGIBLE DESIGNATED BENEFICIARY .— Section 529A(b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) S
PECIAL RULES RELATED TO CONTRIBU -
TION LIMIT .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B)(ii)— ‘‘(A) D
ESIGNATED BENEFICIARY .—A des- ignated beneficiary described in this para-graph is an employee (including an employee within the meaning of section 401(c)) with re-spect to whom— ‘‘(i) no contribution is made for the taxable year to a defined contribution plan (within the meaning of section 414(i)) with respect to which the requirements of section 401(a) or 403(a) are met, ‘‘(ii) no contribution is made for the tax-able year to an annuity contract described in section 403(b), and ‘‘(iii) no contribution is made for the tax-able year to an eligible deferred compensa-tion plan described in section 457(b). ‘‘(B) P
OVERTY LINE .—The term ‘poverty line’ has the meaning given such term by section 673 of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902).’’. (b) A
LLOWANCE OF SAVER ’SCREDIT FOR  ABLE C
ONTRIBUTIONS BY ACCOUNT HOLDER .— Section 25B(d)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking the period at the end of subpara-graph (C) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by in-serting at the end the following: ‘‘(D) the amount of contributions made be-fore January 1, 2026, by such individual to the ABLE account (within the meaning of section 529A) of which such individual is the designated beneficiary.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 11025. ROLLOVERS TO ABLE PROGRAMS FROM 529 PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Clause (i) of section 529(c)(3)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subclause (I), by striking the pe-riod at the end of subclause (II) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(III) before January 1, 2026, to an ABLE account (as defined in section 529A(e)(6)) of the designated beneficiary or a member of the family of the designated beneficiary. Subclause (III) shall not apply to so much of a distribution which, when added to all other contributions made to the ABLE account for the taxable year, exceeds the limitation under section 529A(b)(2)(B).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distribu-tions after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11026. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN INDIVID-UALS PERFORMING SERVICES IN THE SINAI PENINSULA OF EGYPT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of the fol-lowing provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, with respect to the applicable period, a qualified hazardous duty area shall be treated in the same manner as if it were a combat zone (as determined under section 112 of such Code): (1) Section 2(a)(3) (relating to special rule where deceased spouse was in missing sta-tus). (2) Section 112 (relating to the exclusion of certain combat pay of members of the Armed Forces). (3) Section 692 (relating to income taxes of members of Armed Forces on death). (4) Section 2201 (relating to members of the Armed Forces dying in combat zone or by reason of combat-zone-incurred wounds, etc.). (5) Section 3401(a)(1) (defining wages relat-ing to combat pay for members of the Armed Forces). (6) Section 4253(d) (relating to the taxation of phone service originating from a combat zone from members of the Armed Forces). (7) Section 6013(f)(1) (relating to joint re-turn where individual is in missing status). (8) Section 7508 (relating to time for per-forming certain acts postponed by reason of service in combat zone). (b) QUALIFIED HAZARDOUS DUTYAREA.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘qualified hazardous duty area’’ means the Sinai Pe-ninsula of Egypt, if as of the date of the en-actment of this section any member of the Armed Forces of the United States is enti-tled to special pay under section 310 of title 37, United States Code (relating to special pay; duty subject to hostile fire or imminent danger), for services performed in such loca-tion. Such term includes such location only during the period such entitlement is in ef-fect. (c) A
PPLICABLE PERIOD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the applicable period is— (A) the portion of the first taxable year ending after June 9, 2015, which begins on such date, and (B) any subsequent taxable year beginning before January 1, 2026. (2) W
ITHHOLDING .—In the case of subsection (a)(5), the applicable period is— (A) the portion of the first taxable year ending after the date of the enactment of this Act which begins on such date, and (B) any subsequent taxable year beginning before January 1, 2026. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the provisions of this section shall take effect on June 9, 2015. (2) W
ITHHOLDING .—Subsection (a)(5) shall apply to remuneration paid after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11027. EXTENSION OF WAIVER OF LIMITA-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO EXCLUD-ING FROM GROSS INCOME AMOUNTS RECEIVED BY WRONGFULLY INCAR-CERATED INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304(d) of the Pro-tecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 (26 U.S.C. 139F note) is amended by striking ‘‘1-year’’ and inserting ‘‘2-year’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11028. UNBORN CHILDREN ALLOWED AS 529 ACCOUNT BENEFICIARIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 529(e) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(6) T
REATMENT OF UNBORN CHILDREN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing shall prevent an unborn child from being treated as a des-ignated beneficiary or an individual under this section. ‘‘(B) U
NBORN CHILD .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘unborn child’ means a child in utero. ‘‘(ii) C
HILD IN UTERO .—The term ‘child in utero’ means a member of the species homo sapiens, at any stage of development, who is carried in the womb.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to contribu-tions made after December 31, 2017. SEC. 11029. RELIEF FOR MISSISSIPPI RIVER DELTA FLOOD DISASTER AREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Mississippi River Delta flood disaster area’’ means any area— (1) with respect to which a major disaster has been declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act before September 3, 2016, by reason of severe storms and flooding occurring in Louisiana during August of 2016, or (2) with respect to which a major disaster has been declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act before March 31, 2016, by reason of severe storms and flooding occurring in Louisiana, Texas, and Mississippi during March of 2016. (b) S
PECIAL RULES FOR USE OF RETIREMENT  F
UNDS WITHRESPECT TO MISSISSIPPI DELTA  A
REAS DAMAGED BY 2016 F LOODING .— (1) T
AX-FAVORED WITHDRAWALS FROM RE -
TIREMENT PLANS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 72(t) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply to any qualified Mississippi River Delta flood-ing distribution. (B) A
GGREGATE DOLLAR LIMITATION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the aggregate amount of distribu-tions received by an individual which may be treated as qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distributions for any taxable year shall not exceed the excess (if any) of— (I) $100,000, over (II) the aggregate amounts treated as qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distributions received by such individual for all prior taxable years. (ii) T
REATMENT OF PLAN DISTRIBUTIONS .—If a distribution to an individual would (with-out regard to clause (i)) be a qualified Mis-sissippi River Delta flooding distribution, a plan shall not be treated as violating any re-quirement of this title merely because the plan treats such distribution as a qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution, unless the aggregate amount of such dis-tributions from all plans maintained by the employer (and any member of any controlled group which includes the employer) to such individual exceeds $100,000. (iii) C
ONTROLLED GROUP .—For purposes of clause (ii), the term ‘‘controlled group’’ means any group treated as a single em-ployer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (C) A
MOUNT DISTRIBUTED MAY BE REPAID .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Any individual who re-ceives a qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution may, at any time dur-ing the 3-year period beginning on the day after the date on which such distribution was received, make one or more contribu-tions in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of such distribution to an eligi-ble retirement plan of which such individual is a beneficiary and to which a rollover con-tribution of such distribution could be made under section 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3), or 457(e)(16) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the case may be. (ii) T
REATMENT OF REPAYMENTS OF DIS -
TRIBUTIONS FROM ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLANS  
OTHER THAN IRAS .—For purposes of this title, if a contribution is made pursuant to clause (i) with respect to a qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution from an el-igible retirement plan other than an indi-vidual retirement plan, then the taxpayer shall, to the extent of the amount of the con-tribution, be treated as having received the qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution in an eligible rollover distribu-tion (as defined in section 402(c)(4) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986) and as having 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7422 November 29, 2017 
transferred the amount to the eligible retire-ment plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. (iii) T
REATMENT OF REPAYMENTS FOR DIS -
TRIBUTIONS FROM IRAS .—For purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, if a contribu-tion is made pursuant to clause (i) with re-spect to a qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution from an individual re-tirement plan (as defined by section 7701(a)(37) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), then, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, the qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution shall be treated as a distribution described in section 408(d)(3) of such Code and as having been transferred to the eligible retirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. (D) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this paragraph— (i) Q
UALIFIED MISSISSIPPI RIVER DELTA  
FLOODING DISTRIBUTION .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘qualified Mis-sissippi River Delta flooding distribution’’ means— (I) any distribution from an eligible retire-ment plan made on or after August 11, 2016, and before January 1, 2018, to an individual whose principal place of abode on August 11, 2016, was located in the portion of Mississippi River Delta disaster area described in sub-section (a)(1) and who has sustained an eco-nomic loss by reason of the severe storms and flooding giving rise to the Presidential declaration described in subsection (a)(1), or (II) any distribution from an eligible re-tirement plan made on or after March 1, 2016, and before January 1, 2018, to an individual whose principal place of abode on March 1, 2016, was located in the portion of Mississippi River Delta disaster area described in sub-section (a)(2) and who has sustained an eco-nomic loss by reason of the severe storms and flooding giving rise to the Presidential declaration described in subsection (a)(2). (ii) E
LIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘eligible retirement plan’’ shall have the meaning given such term by section 402(c)(8)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (E) I
NCOME INCLUSION SPREAD OVER 3 -YEAR  
PERIOD .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any quali-fied Mississippi River Delta flooding dis-tribution, unless the taxpayer elects not to have this subparagraph apply for any taxable year, any amount required to be included in gross income for such taxable year shall be so included ratably over the 3-taxable-year period beginning with such taxable year. (ii) S
PECIAL RULE .—For purposes of clause (i), rules similar to the rules of subparagraph (E) of section 408A(d)(3) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 shall apply. (F) S
PECIAL RULES .— (i) E
XEMPTION OF DISTRIBUTIONS FROM  
TRUSTEE TO TRUSTEE TRANSFER AND WITH -
HOLDING RULES .—For purposes of sections 401(a)(31), 402(f), and 3405 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distributions shall not be treated as eligible rollover distributions. (ii) Q
UALIFIED MISSISSIPPI RIVER DELTA  
FLOODING DISTRIBUTIONS TREATED AS MEETING  
PLAN DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENTS .—For pur- poses of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, a qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution shall be treated as meeting the requirements of sections 401(k)(2)(B)(i), 403(b)(7)(A)(ii), 403(b)(11), and 457(d)(1)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (2) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO PLAN AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If this paragraph applies to any amendment to any plan or annuity contract, such plan or contract shall be treated as being operated in accordance with the terms of the plan during the period de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(ii)(I). (B) AMENDMENTS TO WHICH SUBSECTION AP -
PLIES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—This paragraph shall apply to any amendment to any plan or annuity contract which is made— (I) pursuant to any provision of this sec-tion, or pursuant to any regulation under any provision of this section; and (II) on or before the last day of the first plan year beginning on or after January 1, 2018, or such later date as the Secretary pre-scribes. In the case of a governmental plan (as de-fined in section 414(d) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986), subclause (II) shall be ap-plied by substituting the date which is 2 years after the date otherwise applied under subclause (II). (ii) C
ONDITIONS .—This paragraph shall not apply to any amendment unless— (I) during the period— (aa) beginning on the date that this section or the regulation described in clause (i)(I) takes effect (or in the case of a plan or con-tract amendment not required by this sec-tion or such regulation, the effective date specified by the plan); and (bb) ending on the date described in clause (i)(II) (or, if earlier, the date the plan or con-tract amendment is adopted), the plan or contract is operated as if such plan or contract amendment were in effect; and (II) such plan or contract amendment ap-plies retroactively for such period. (c) S
PECIAL RULES FOR PERSONAL CASUALTY  L
OSSES RELATED TO LOUISIANA SEVERE  S
TORMS AND FLOODING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If an individual has a net disaster loss for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— (A) the amount determined under section 165(h)(2)(A)(ii) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be equal to the sum of— (i) such net disaster loss, and (ii) so much of the excess referred to in the matter preceding clause (i) of section 165(h)(2)(A) of such Code (reduced by the amount in clause (i) of this subparagraph) as exceeds 10 percent of the adjusted gross in-come of the individual, (B) section 165(h)(1) of such Code shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$500’’ for ‘‘$500 ($100 for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2009)’’, (C) the standard deduction determined under section 63(c) of such Code shall be in-creased by the net disaster loss, and (D) section 56(b)(1)(E) of such Code shall not apply to so much of the standard deduc-tion as is attributable to the increase under subparagraph (C) of this paragraph. (2) N
ET DISASTER LOSS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘net disaster loss’’ means the excess of qualified disaster-re-lated personal casualty losses over personal casualty gains (as defined in section 165(h)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986). (3) Q
UALIFIED DISASTER -RELATED PERSONAL  
CASUALTY LOSSES .—For purposes of this para-graph, the term ‘‘qualified disaster-related personal casualty losses’’ means losses de-scribed in section 165(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 which arise— (A) in the portion of the Mississippi River Delta flood disaster area described in sub-section (a)(1) on or after August 11, 2016, and which are attributable to the severe storms and flooding giving rise to the Presidential declaration described in subsection (a)(1), or (B) in the portion of the Mississippi River Delta flood disaster area described in sub-section (a)(2) on or after March 1, 2016, and which are attributable to the severe storms and flooding giving rise to the Presidential declaration described in subsection (a)(2). PART IV—EDUCATION SEC. 11031. TREATMENT OF STUDENT LOANS DIS-CHARGED ON ACCOUNT OF DEATH OR DISABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 108(f) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(5) D
ISCHARGES ON ACCOUNT OF DEATH OR  
DISABILITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual, gross income for any taxable year be-ginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, does not include any amount which (but for this subsection) would be in-cludible in gross income for such taxable year by reasons of the discharge (in whole or in part) of any loan described in subpara-graph (B) if such discharge was— ‘‘(i) pursuant to subsection (a) or (d) of sec-tion 437 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 or the parallel benefit under part D of title IV of such Act (relating to the repayment of loan liability), ‘‘(ii) pursuant to section 464(c)(1)(F) of such Act, or ‘‘(iii) otherwise discharged on account of the death or total and permanent disability of the student. ‘‘(B) L
OANS DESCRIBED .—A loan is described in this subparagraph if such loan is— ‘‘(i) a student loan (as defined in paragraph (2)), or ‘‘(ii) a private education loan (as defined in section 140(7) of the Consumer Credit Protec-tion Act (15 U.S.C. 1650(7))).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to dis-charges of indebtedness after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11032. INCREASE IN DEDUCTION FOR TEACHER EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (D) of sec-tion 62(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘$250’’ and inserting ‘‘$250 ($500 in the case of tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART V—DEDUCTIONS AND EXCLUSIONS 
SEC. 11041. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR PERSONAL EXEMPTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (d) of section 151 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘In the case of’’ in para-graph (4) and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (5), in the case of’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) E
XEMPTION AMOUNT .—The term ‘ex-emption amount’ means zero. ‘‘(B) R
EFERENCES .—For purposes of any other provision of this title, the reduction of the exemption amount to zero under sub-paragraph (A) shall not be taken into ac-count in determining whether a deduction is allowed or allowable, or whether a taxpayer is entitled to a deduction, under this sec-tion.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION TO ESTATES AND TRUSTS .— Section 642(b)(2)(C) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) Y
EARS WHEN PERSONAL EXEMPTION  
AMOUNT IS ZERO .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year in which the exemption amount under section 151(d) is zero, clause (i) shall be applied by substituting ‘$4,150’ for ‘the ex-emption amount under section 151(d)’. ‘‘(II) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any calendar year beginning after 2018, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7423 November 29, 2017 
$4,150 amount in subparagraph (A) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(aa) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(bb) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any increase determined under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100.’’. (c) E
XCEPTION FOR WAGE WITHHOLDING  R
ULES .—Section 3402(a) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) Y
EARS WHEN PERSONAL EXEMPTION  
AMOUNT IS ZERO .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year in which the exemption amount under section 151(d) is zero, paragraph (2) shall be applied by substituting ‘$4,150’ for ‘the amount of one personal exemption pro-vided in section 151(b)’. ‘‘(B) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any calendar year beginning after 2018, the $4,150 amount in subparagraph (A) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any increase determined under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100.’’. (d) E
XCEPTION FOR DETERMINING PROPERTY  E
XEMPT FROM LEVY.—Section 6334(d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) Y
EARS WHEN PERSONAL EXEMPTION  
AMOUNT IS ZERO .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year in which the exemption amount under section 151(d) is zero, paragraph (2) shall not apply and for purposes of paragraph (1) the term ‘exempt amount’ means an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) the sum of the amount determined under subparagraph (B) and the standard de-duction, divided by ‘‘(ii) 52. ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT DETERMINED .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the amount determined under this subparagraph is $4,150 multiplied by the number of the taxpayer’s dependents for the taxable year in which the levy oc-curs. ‘‘(C) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, the $4,150 amount in subparagraph (B) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any increase determined under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100. ‘‘(D) V
ERIFIED STATEMENT .—Unless the tax-payer submits to the Secretary a written and properly verified statement specifying the facts necessary to determine the proper amount under subparagraph (A), subpara-graph (A) shall be applied as if the taxpayer were a married individual filing a separate return with no dependents.’’. (e) P
ERSONS REQUIRED TO MAKE RETURNS  
OFINCOME .—Section 6012 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 T
HROUGH 2025.—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, subsection (a)(1) shall not apply, and every individual who has gross in-come for the taxable year shall be required to make returns with respect to income taxes under subtitle A, except that a return shall not be required of— ‘‘(1) an individual who is not married (de-termined by applying section 7703) and who has gross income for the taxable year which does not exceed the standard deduction ap-plicable to such individual for such taxable year under section 63, or ‘‘(2) an individual entitled to make a joint return if— ‘‘(A) the gross income of such individual, when combined with the gross income of such individual’s spouse, for the taxable year does not exceed the standard deduction which would be applicable to the taxpayer for such taxable year under section 63 if such individual and such individual’s spouse made a joint return, ‘‘(B) such individual and such individual’s spouse have the same household as their home at the close of the taxable year, ‘‘(C) such individual’s spouse does not make a separate return, and ‘‘(D) neither such individual nor such indi-vidual’s spouse is an individual described in section 63(c)(5) who has income (other than earned income) in excess of the amount in ef-fect under section 63(c)(5)(A). The amount specified in paragraph (1) or (2)(A) shall be increased by the amount of 1 additional standard deduction (within the meaning of section 63(c)(3)) in the case of an individual entitled to such deduction by rea-son of section 63(f)(1)(A) (relating to individ-uals age 65 or more), and by the amount of each additional standard deduction to which the individual or the individual’s spouse is entitled by reason of section 63(f)(1).’’. (f) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11042. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR STATE AND LOCAL, ETC. TAXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 164 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(6) S
USPENSION OF INDIVIDUAL DEDUCTIONS  
FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of an individual and a taxable year be-ginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) shall not apply to any real property or per-sonal property taxes, other than taxes which are paid or accrued in carrying on a trade or business or an activity described in section 212, and ‘‘(B) subsection (a)(3) shall not apply to any State or local taxes.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11043. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR HOME EQUITY INTEREST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 163(h)(3)(A)(ii) is amended by inserting ‘‘in the case of taxable years beginning before January 1, 2018, or after December 31, 2025,’’ before ‘‘home eq-uity indebtedness’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11044. MODIFICATION OF DEDUCTION FOR PERSONAL CASUALTY LOSSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (h) of section 165 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) L
IMITATION FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of any loss of an individual described in subsection (c)(3) which (but for this paragraph) would be de-ductible in a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026 (without regard to any election under sub-section (i), such loss shall be allowed only to the extent it is attributable to a Federally declared disaster (as defined in subsection (i)(5)). The preceding sentence shall not apply to any deduction under section 172 which is carried to such a taxable year from a taxable year beginning before January 1, 2018.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to losses in-curred in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11045. SUSPENSION OF MISCELLANEOUS ITEMIZED DEDUCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 67 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(g) S
USPENSION FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 T
HROUGH 2025.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), no miscellaneous itemized deduction shall be allowed for any taxable year begin-ning after December 31, 2017, and before Jan-uary 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11046. SUSPENSION OF OVERALL LIMITA-TION ON ITEMIZED DEDUCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 68 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(f) S
ECTION NOT TO APPLY .—This section shall not apply to any taxable year begin-ning after December 31, 2017, and before Jan-uary 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11047. MODIFICATION OF EXCLUSION OF GAIN FROM SALE OF PRINCIPAL RESIDENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 121 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR SALES OR EX-
CHANGES IN TAXABLE YEARS 2018 T HROUGH  2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In applying this section with respect to sales or exchanges after De-cember 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) ‘8-year’ shall be substituted for ‘5- year’ each place it appears in subsections (a), (b)(5)(C)(ii)(I), and (c)(1)(B)(i)(I) and para-graphs (7), (9), (10), and (12) of subsection (d), ‘‘(B) ‘5 years’ shall be substituted for ‘2 years’ each place it appears in subsections (a), (b)(3), (b)(4), (b)(5)(C)(ii)(III), and (c)(1)(B)(ii), and ‘‘(C) ‘5-year’ shall be substituted for ‘2- year’ in subsection (b)(3). ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR BINDING CONTRACTS .— Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any sale or exchange with respect to which there was a written binding contract in effect before January 1, 2018, and at all times thereafter before the sale or exchange.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to sales and exchanges after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11048. SUSPENSION OF EXCLUSION FOR QUALIFIED BICYCLE COMMUTING REIMBURSEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 132(f) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(8) S
USPENSION OF QUALIFIED BICYCLE COM -
MUTING REIMBURSEMENT EXCLUSION .—Para- graph (1)(D) shall not apply to any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11049. SUSPENSION OF EXCLUSION FOR QUALIFIED MOVING EXPENSE REIM-BURSEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 132(g) is amend-ed— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7424 November 29, 2017 
(1) by striking ‘‘For purposes of this sec-tion, the term’’ and inserting ‘‘For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) S
USPENSION FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—Except in the case of a mem-ber of the Armed Forces of the United States on active duty who moves pursuant to a military order and incident to a permanent change of station, subsection (a)(6) shall not apply to any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11050. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR MOVING EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 217 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(k) S
USPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR TAX-
ABLE YEARS 2018 T HROUGH 2025.—Except in the case of an individual to whom subsection (g) applies, this section shall not apply to any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11051. LIMITATION ON WAGERING LOSSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 165(d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, in the case of taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, the term ‘losses from wagering transactions’ includes any deduction otherwise allowable under this chapter incurred in carrying on any wa-gering transaction.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART VI—INCREASE IN ESTATE AND GIFT TAX EXEMPTION 
SEC. 11061. INCREASE IN ESTATE AND GIFT TAX EXEMPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2010(c)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) I
NCREASE IN BASIC EXCLUSION  
AMOUNT .—In the case of estates of decedents dying or gifts made after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘$10,000,000’ for ‘$5,000,000’.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (g) of section 2001 is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(g) M
ODIFICATIONS TO TAXPAYABLE .— ‘‘(1) M
ODIFICATIONS TO GIFT TAX PAYABLE TO  
REFLECT DIFFERENT TAX RATES .—For pur- poses of applying subsection (b)(2) with re-spect to 1 or more gifts, the rates of tax under subsection (c) in effect at the dece-dent’s death shall, in lieu of the rates of tax in effect at the time of such gifts, be used both to compute— ‘‘(A) the tax imposed by chapter 12 with re-spect to such gifts, and ‘‘(B) the credit allowed against such tax under section 2505, including in computing— ‘‘(i) the applicable credit amount under section 2505(a)(1), and ‘‘(ii) the sum of the amounts allowed as a credit for all preceding periods under section 2505(a)(2). ‘‘(2) M
ODIFICATIONS TO ESTATE TAX PAYABLE  
TO REFLECT DIFFERENT BASIC EXCLUSION  
AMOUNTS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary or ap-propriate to carry out this section with re-spect to any difference between— ‘‘(A) the basic exclusion amount under sec-tion 2010(c)(3) applicable at the time of the decedent’s death, and ‘‘(B) the basic exclusion amount under such section applicable with respect to any gifts made by the decedent.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to estates of decedents dying and gifts made after Decem-ber 31, 2017. PART VII—TAXPAYER RIGHTS AND TAX ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 11071. EXTENSION OF TIME LIMIT FOR CON-TESTING IRS LEVY. 
(a) E XTENSION OF TIME FOR RETURN OF  P
ROPERTY SUBJECT TO LEVY.—Subsection (b) of section 6343 is amended by striking ‘‘9 months’’ and inserting ‘‘2 years’’. (b) P
ERIOD OF LIMITATION ON SUITS.—Sub- section (c) of section 6532 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘9 months’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘2 years’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘9-month’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘2-year’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to— (1) levies made after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, and (2) levies made on or before such date if the 9-month period has not expired under section 6343(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (without regard to this section) as of such date. 
SEC. 11072. INDIVIDUALS HELD HARMLESS ON IMPROPER LEVY ON RETIREMENT PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6343 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(f) I
NDIVIDUALS HELD HARMLESS ON  W
RONGFUL LEVY, ETC. ON RETIREMENT  P
LAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines that an individual’s account or benefit under an eligible retirement plan (as defined in section 402(c)(8)(B)) has been levied upon in a case to which subsection (b) or (d)(2)(A) applies and property or an amount of money is returned to the individual— ‘‘(A) the individual may contribute such property or an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(i) the amount of money so returned by the Secretary, and ‘‘(ii) interest paid under subsection (c) on such amount of money, into such eligible retirement plan if such contribution is permitted by the plan, or into an individual retirement plan (other than an endowment contract) to which a rollover contribution of a distribution from such eligible retirement plan is permitted, but only if such contribution is made not later than the due date (not including exten-sions) for filing the return of tax for the tax-able year in which such property or amount of money is returned, and ‘‘(B) the Secretary shall, at the time such property or amount of money is returned, notify such individual that a contribution described in subparagraph (A) may be made. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT AS ROLLOVER .—The dis- tribution on account of the levy and any contribution under paragraph (1) with re-spect to the return of such distribution shall be treated for purposes of this title as if such distribution and contribution were described in section 402(c), 402A(c)(3), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3), 408A(d)(3), or 457(e)(16), whichever is applicable; except that— ‘‘(A) the contribution shall be treated as having been made for the taxable year in which the distribution on account of the levy occurred, and the interest paid under sub-section (c) shall be treated as earnings with-in the plan after the contribution and shall not be included in gross income, and ‘‘(B) such contribution shall not be taken into account under section 408(d)(3)(B). ‘‘(3) R
EFUND , ETC., OF INCOME TAX ON  
LEVY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—If any amount is includ-ible in gross income for a taxable year by reason of a distribution on account of a levy referred to in paragraph (1) and any portion of such amount is treated as a rollover con-tribution under paragraph (2), any tax im-posed by chapter 1 on such portion shall not be assessed, and if assessed shall be abated, and if collected shall be credited or refunded as an overpayment made on the due date for filing the return of tax for such taxable year. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to a rollover contribution under this subsection which is made from an eligi-ble retirement plan which is not a Roth IRA or a designated Roth account (within the meaning of section 402A) to a Roth IRA or a designated Roth account under an eligible retirement plan. ‘‘(4) I
NTEREST .—Notwithstanding sub-section (d), interest shall be allowed under subsection (c) in a case in which the Sec-retary makes a determination described in subsection (d)(2)(A) with respect to a levy upon an individual retirement plan. ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT OF INHERITED ACCOUNTS .— For purposes of paragraph (1)(A), section 408(d)(3)(C) shall be disregarded in deter-mining whether an individual retirement plan is a plan to which a rollover contribu-tion of a distribution from the plan levied upon is permitted.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to amounts paid under subsections (b), (c), and (d)(2)(A) of section 6343 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11073. MODIFICATION OF USER FEE RE-QUIREMENTS FOR INSTALLMENT AGREEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6159 is amended by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g) and by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) I
NSTALLMENT AGREEMENT FEES.— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION ON FEE AMOUNT .—The amount of any fee imposed on an installment agreement under this section may not exceed the amount of such fee as in effect on the date of the enactment of this subsection. ‘‘(2) W
AIVER OR REIMBURSEMENT .—In the case of any taxpayer with an adjusted gross income, as determined for the most recent year for which such information is available, which does not exceed 250 percent of the ap-plicable poverty level (as determined by the Secretary)— ‘‘(A) if the taxpayer has agreed to make payments under the installment agreement by electronic payment through a debit in-strument, no fee shall be imposed on an in-stallment agreement under this section, and ‘‘(B) if the taxpayer is unable to make pay-ments under the installment agreement by electronic payment through a debit instru-ment, the Secretary shall, upon completion of the installment agreement, pay the tax-payer an amount equal to any such fees im-posed.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to agree-ments entered into on or after the date which is 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 11074. FORM 1040SR FOR SENIORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall make available a form, to be known as ‘‘Form 1040SR’’, for use by individuals to file the return of tax imposed by chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Such form shall be as similar as practicable to Form 1040EZ, except that— (1) the form shall be available only to indi-viduals who have attained age 65 as of the close of the taxable year, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7425 November 29, 2017 
(2) the form may be used even if income for the taxable year includes— (A) social security benefits (as defined in section 86(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), (B) distributions from qualified retirement plans (as defined in section 4974(c) of such Code), annuities or other such deferred pay-ment arrangements, (C) interest and dividends, or (D) capital gains and losses taken into ac-count in determining adjusted net capital gain (as defined in section 1(h)(3) of such Code), and (3) the form shall be available without re-gard to the amount of any item of taxable income or the total amount of taxable in-come for the taxable year. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The form required by subsection (a) shall be made available for taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act and ending before Jan-uary 1, 2026. 
SEC. 11075. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON IMPROV-ING CUSTOMER SERVICE AND PRO-TECTIONS FOR TAXPAYERS BY REIN-STATING APPROPRIATE FUNDING LEVELS. 
It is the sense of the Senate that politi-cally motivated budget cuts— (1) are counterproductive to deficit reduc-tion, (2) diminish the ability of the Internal Revenue Service to adequately serve tax-payers and protect taxpayer information, and (3) reduce the ability of the Internal Rev-enue Service to enforce the law. 
SEC. 11076. RETURN PREPARATION PROGRAMS FOR LOW-INCOME TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 77 is amended by inserting after section 7526 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 7526A. RETURN PREPARATION PROGRAMS FOR LOW-INCOME TAXPAYERS. 
‘‘(a) V OLUNTEER INCOME TAXASSISTANCE  M
ATCHING GRANT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Secretary, through the Internal Revenue Service, shall establish a Community Volun-teer Income Tax Assistance Matching Grant Program (hereinafter in this section referred to as the ‘VITA grant program’). Except as otherwise provided in this section, the VITA grant program shall be administered in a manner which is substantially similar to the Community Volunteer Income Tax Assist-ance matching grants demonstration pro-gram established under title I of division D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2008. ‘‘(2) M
ATCHING GRANTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, subject to the availability of appropriated funds, make available grants under the VITA grant program to provide matching funds for the development, expansion, or continuation of qualified return preparation programs as-sisting low-income taxpayers and members of underserved populations. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), in order to be eligible for a grant under this section, a qualified return preparation pro-gram shall submit an application to the Sec-retary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary reasonably requires. ‘‘(ii) A
CCURACY REVIEW .—In the case of any qualified return preparation program which was awarded a grant under this section and was subsequently subject to a field site visit by the Internal Revenue Service (including through the Stakeholder Partnerships, Edu-cation, and Communication office) in which it was determined that the average accuracy rate for preparation of tax returns through such program was less than 90 percent, such program shall not be eligible for any addi-tional grants under this section unless such program provides, as part of their applica-tion, sufficient documentation regarding the corrective measures established by such pro-gram to address the deficiencies identified following the field site visit. ‘‘(C) PRIORITY .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to applications— ‘‘(i) demonstrating assistance to low-in-come taxpayers, with emphasis on outreach to and services for such taxpayers, ‘‘(ii) demonstrating taxpayer outreach and educational activities relating to eligibility and availability of income supports available through the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, such as the earned income tax credit, and ‘‘(iii) demonstrating specific outreach and focus on one or more underserved popu-lations. ‘‘(D) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—Upon applica-tion of a qualified return preparation pro-gram, the Secretary is authorized to award a multi-year grant not to exceed 3 years. ‘‘(3) A
GGREGATE LIMITATION .—Unless other-wise provided by specific appropriation, the Secretary shall not allocate more than $30,000,000 per fiscal year (exclusive of costs of administering the program) to carry out the purposes of this section. ‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Qualified return prepara-tion programs receiving a grant under this section may use the grant for— ‘‘(A) ordinary and necessary costs associ-ated with program operation in accordance with Cost Principles Circulars as set forth by the Office of Management and Budget, in-cluding— ‘‘(i) for wages or salaries of persons coordi-nating the activities of the program, ‘‘(ii) to develop training materials, conduct training, and perform quality reviews of the returns for which assistance has been pro-vided under the program, and ‘‘(iii) for equipment purchases and vehicle- related expenses associated with remote or rural tax preparation services, ‘‘(B) outreach and educational activities described in subsection (a)(2)(C)(ii), and ‘‘(C) services related to financial education and capability, asset development, and the establishment of savings accounts in connec-tion with tax return preparation. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF GRANTS FOR OVERHEAD EX -
PENSES PROHIBITED .—No grant made under this section may be used for overhead ex-penses that are not directly related to any qualified return preparation program. ‘‘(c) P
ROMOTION AND REFERRAL .— ‘‘(1) P
ROMOTION .—The Secretary shall pro-mote the benefits of, and encourage the use of, tax preparation through qualified return preparation programs through the use of mass communications, referrals, and other means. ‘‘(2) I
NTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE REFER -
RALS .—The Secretary shall refer taxpayers to qualified return preparation programs re-ceiving funding under this section. ‘‘(3) VITA 
GRANTEE REFERRAL .—Qualified return preparation programs receiving a grant under this section are encouraged to refer, as appropriate, to local or regional Low Income Taxpayer Clinics individuals who are eligible to receive services at such clinics. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) Q
UALIFIED RETURN PREPARATION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘qualified return prepara-tion program’ means any program— ‘‘(A) which provides assistance to individ-uals, not less than 90 percent of whom are low-income taxpayers, in preparing and fil-ing Federal income tax returns, ‘‘(B) which is administered by a qualified entity, ‘‘(C) in which all of the volunteers who as-sist in the preparation of Federal income tax returns meet the training requirements pre-scribed by the Secretary, and ‘‘(D) which uses a quality review process which reviews 100 percent of all returns. ‘‘(2) QUALIFIED ENTITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified en-tity’ means any entity which— ‘‘(i) is an eligible organization (as de-scribed in subparagraph (B)), ‘‘(ii) is in compliance with Federal tax fil-ing and payment requirements, ‘‘(iii) is not debarred or suspended from Federal contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements, and ‘‘(iv) agrees to provide documentation to substantiate any matching funds provided under the VITA grant program. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE ORGANIZATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), the term ‘eligible organization’ means— ‘‘(I) an institution of higher education which is described in section 102 (other than subsection (a)(1)(C) thereof) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1088), as in effect on the date of the enactment of this section, and which has not been disqualified from participating in a program under title IV of such Act, ‘‘(II) an organization described in section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code, ‘‘(III) a local government agency, includ-ing— ‘‘(aa) a county or municipal government agency, and ‘‘(bb) an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(13) of the Native American Housing Assist-ance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103(13)), including any tribally des-ignated housing entity (as defined in section 4(22) of such Act (25 U.S.C. 4103(22))), tribal subsidiary, subdivision, or other wholly owned tribal entity, or ‘‘(IV) a local, State, regional, or national coalition (with one lead organization which meets the eligibility requirements of sub-clause (I), (II), or (III) acting as the applicant organization). ‘‘(ii) A
LTERNATIVE ELIGIBLE ORGANIZA -
TION.—If no eligible organization described in clause (i) is available to assist the tar-geted population or community, the term ‘eligible organization’ shall include— ‘‘(I) a State government agency, and ‘‘(II) a Cooperative Extension Service of-fice. ‘‘(3) L
OW-INCOME TAXPAYERS .—The term ‘low-income taxpayer’ means a taxpayer who has income for the taxable year which does not exceed an amount equal to the com-pleted phaseout amount under section 32(b) for a married couple filing a joint return with three or more qualifying children, as determined in a revenue procedure or other published guidance. ‘‘(4) U
NDERSERVED POPULATION .—The term ‘underserved population’ includes popu-lations of persons with disabilities, persons with limited English proficiency, Native Americans, individuals living in rural areas, members of the Armed Forces and their spouses, and the elderly.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 77 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 7526 the following new item: ‘‘7526A. Return preparation programs for low-income taxpayers.’’. 
SEC. 11077. FREE FILE PROGRAM. 
(a) The Secretary of the Treasury, or the Secretary’s delegate, shall continue to oper-ate the IRS Free File Program as established by the Internal Revenue Service and pub-lished in the Federal Register on November 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7426 November 29, 2017 
4, 2002 (67 Fed. Reg. 67247), including any sub-sequent agreements and governing rules es-tablished pursuant thereto. (b) The IRS Free File Program shall con-tinue to provide free commercial-type online individual income tax preparation and elec-tronic filing services to the lowest 70 percent of taxpayers by income. The number of tax-payers eligible to receive such services each year shall be calculated by the Internal Rev-enue Service annually based on prior year aggregate taxpayer adjusted gross income data. (c) In addition to the services described in subsection (b), and in the same manner, the IRS Free File Program shall continue to make available to all taxpayers (without re-gard to income) a basic, online electronic fillable forms utility. (d) The IRS Free File Program shall con-tinue to work cooperatively with the private sector to provide the free individual income tax preparation and the electronic filing services described in subsections (b) and (c). (e) The IRS Free File Program shall work cooperatively with State government agen-cies to enhance and expand the use of the program to provide needed benefits to the taxpayer while reducing the cost of proc-essing returns. (f) Nothing in this section is intended to impact the continuity of services provided under Taxpayer Assistance Centers, Tax Counseling for the Elderly, and Volunteer In-come Tax Assistance programs. 
SEC. 11078. ATTORNEYS’ FEES RELATING TO AWARDS TO WHISTLEBLOWERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (21) of section 62(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(21) A
TTORNEYS ’ FEES RELATING TO AWARDS  
TO WHISTLEBLOWERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any deduction allowable under this chapter for attorney fees and court costs paid by, or on behalf of, the tax-payer in connection with any award under— ‘‘(i) section 7623(b), or ‘‘(ii) in the case of taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, any action brought under— ‘‘(I) section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u-6), ‘‘(II) a State law relating to false or fraud-ulent claims that meets the requirements de-scribed in section 1909(b) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396h(b)), or ‘‘(III) section 23 of the Commodity Ex-change Act (7 U.S.C. 26). ‘‘(B) M
AY NOT EXCEED AWARD .—Subpara- graph (A) shall not apply to any deduction in excess of the amount includible in the tax-payer’s gross income for the taxable year on account of such award.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11079. CLARIFICATION OF WHISTLEBLOWER AWARDS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF PROCEEDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7623 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(c) P
ROCEEDS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘proceeds’ includes— ‘‘(1) penalties, interest, additions to tax, and additional amounts provided under the internal revenue laws, and ‘‘(2) any proceeds arising from laws for which the Internal Revenue Service is au-thorized to administer, enforce, or inves-tigate, including— ‘‘(A) criminal fines and civil forfeitures, and ‘‘(B) violations of reporting require-ments.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Paragraphs (1) and (2)(A) of section 7623(b) are each amended by striking ‘‘collected proceeds (in-cluding penalties, interest, additions to tax, and additional amounts) resulting from the action’’ and inserting ‘‘proceeds collected as a result of the action’’. (b) AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS DETERMINED  W
ITHOUT REGARD TO AVAILABILITY .—Para- graphs (1) and (2)(A) of section 7623(b) are each amended by inserting ‘‘(determined without regard to whether such proceeds are available to the Secretary)’’ after ‘‘in re-sponse to such action’’. (c) D
ISPUTED AMOUNT THRESHOLD .—Section 7623(b)(5)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘tax, penalties, interest, additions to tax, and ad-ditional amounts’’ and inserting ‘‘proceeds’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to informa-tion provided before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act with respect to which a final determination for an award has not been made before such date of enact-ment. PART VIII—INDIVIDUAL MANDATE 
SEC. 11081. ELIMINATION OF SHARED RESPONSI-BILITY PAYMENT FOR INDIVIDUALS FAILING TO MAINTAIN MINIMUM ES-SENTIAL COVERAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5000A(c) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B)(iii), by striking ‘‘2.5 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Zero percent’’, and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$695’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘$0’’, and (B) by striking subparagraph (D). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2018. Subtitle B—Alternative Minimum Tax 
SEC. 12001. REPEAL OF TAX FOR CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 55(a) is amended by striking ‘‘There’’ and inserting ‘‘In the case of a taxpayer other than a corporation, there’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 38(c)(6) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) C
ORPORATIONS .—In the case of a cor-poration, this subsection shall be applied by treating the corporation as having a ten-tative minimum tax of zero.’’. (2)(A) Section 55(b)(1) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) A
MOUNT OF TENTATIVE TAX .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The tentative minimum tax for the taxable year is the sum of— ‘‘(i) 26 percent of so much of the taxable excess as does not exceed $175,000, plus ‘‘(ii) 28 percent of so much of the taxable excess as exceeds $175,000. The amount determined under the preceding sentence shall be reduced by the alternative minimum tax foreign tax credit for the tax-able year. ‘‘(B) T
AXABLE EXCESS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘taxable excess’ means so much of the alternative minimum taxable income for the taxable year as ex-ceeds the exemption amount. ‘‘(C) M
ARRIED INDIVIDUAL FILING SEPARATE  
RETURN .—In the case of a married individual filing a separate return, subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting 50 percent of the dollar amount otherwise applicable under clause (i) and cause (ii) thereof. For purposes of the preceding sentence, marital status shall be determined under section 7703.’’. (B) Section 59(a) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)(i) or (B)(i) of section 55(b)(1) (whichever applies) in lieu of the highest rate of tax specified in section 1 or 11 (whichever applies)’’ in para-graph (1)(C) and inserting ‘‘section 55(b)(1) in lieu of the highest rate of tax specified in section 1’’, and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘means’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘means the amount determined under the first sen-tence of section 55(b)(1).’’. (C) Section 897(a)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 55(b)(1)’’. (D) Section 911(f) is amended— (i) in paragraph (1)(B)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(A)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(B)’’, and (II) by striking ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(A)’’, and (ii) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 55(b)(1)(A)(ii)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(B)’’. (3) Section 55(c)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘, the section 936 credit allowable under sec-tion 27(b), and the Puerto Rico economic ac-tivity credit under section 30A’’. (4) Section 55(d) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-nating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively, (B) in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, and’’ at the end of sub-paragraph (C) and inserting a period, and by striking subparagraph (D), and (C) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking ‘‘(b)(1)(A)(i)’’ in subpara-graph (B)(i) and inserting ‘‘(b)(1)(A)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ in subpara-graph (B)(iii) and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)’’. (5) Section 55 is amended by striking sub-section (e). (6)(A) Section 56 is amended by striking subsections (c) and (g). (B) Section 847 is amended by striking the last sentence of paragraph (9). (C) Section 848 is amended by striking sub-section (i). (7) Section 58(a) is amended by striking paragraph (3) and redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (3). (8) Section 59 is amended by striking sub-sections (b) and (f). (9) Section 11(d) is amended by striking ‘‘the taxes imposed by subsection (a) and sec-tion 55’’ and inserting ‘‘the tax imposed by subsection (a)’’. (10) Section 12 is amended by striking para-graph (7). (11) Section 168(k) is amended by striking paragraph (4). (12) Section 882(a)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, 55,’’. (13) Section 962(a)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘sections 11 and 55’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 11’’. (14) Section 1561(a) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘, and’’ at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting a period, and by striking paragraph (3), and (B) by striking the last sentence. (15) Section 6425(c)(1)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) the tax imposed by section 11 or 1201(a), or subchapter L of chapter 1, which-ever is applicable, over’’. (16) Section 6655(e)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and alternative minimum taxable in-come’’ each place it appears in subpara-graphs (A) and (B)(i). (17) Section 6655(g)(1)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘plus’’ at the end of clause (i), by striking clause (ii), and by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (ii). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 12002. SUSPENSION OF TAX ON INDIVID-UALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 55(a) is amended by adding at the end the following new flush sentence: ‘‘No tax shall be imposed by this section for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7427 November 29, 2017 
tentative minimum tax of any taxpayer for any such taxable year shall be zero for pur-poses of this title.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 12003. CREDIT FOR PRIOR YEAR MINIMUM TAX LIABILITY. 
(a) C REDITS TREATED AS REFUNDABLE .— Section 53 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) P
ORTION OF CREDIT TREATED AS RE-
FUNDABLE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year beginning in 2018, 2019, 2020, or 2021, the limitation under subsection (c) shall be increased by the AMT refundable credit amount for such year. ‘‘(2) AMT 
REFUNDABLE CREDIT AMOUNT .— For purposes of paragraph (1), the AMT re-fundable credit amount is an amount equal to 50 percent (100 percent in the case of a taxable year beginning in 2021) of the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the minimum tax credit determined under subsection (b) for the taxable year, over ‘‘(B) the minimum tax credit allowed under subsection (a) for such year (before the appli-cation of this subsection for such year). ‘‘(3) C
REDIT REFUNDABLE .—For purposes of this title (other than this section), the credit allowed by reason of this subsection shall be treated as a credit allowed under subpart C (and not this subpart). ‘‘(4) S
HORT TAXABLE YEARS .—In the case of any taxable year of less than 365 days, the AMT refundable credit amount determined under paragraph (2) with respect to such tax-able year shall be the amount which bears the same ratio to such amount determined without regard to this paragraph as the num-ber of days in such taxable year bears to 365.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF REFERENCES .—Section 53(d) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) AMT 
TERM REFERENCES .—In the case of a corporation, any references in this sub-section to section 55, 56, or 57 shall be treat-ed as a reference to such section as in effect before the amendments made by Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1374(b)(3)(B) is amended by striking the last sentence thereof. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The amend-ment made by subsection (c) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2021. Subtitle C—Business-related Provisions PART I—CORPORATE PROVISIONS Subpart A—20-percent Tax Rate 
SEC. 13001. 20-PERCENT CORPORATE TAX RATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 11 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT OF TAX.—The amount of the tax imposed by subsection (a) shall be 20 per-cent of taxable income.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The following sections are each amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 11(b)(1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 11(b)’’: (A) Section 280C(c)(3)(B)(ii)(II). (B) Paragraphs (2)(B) and (6)(A)(ii) of sec-tion 860E(e). (C) Section 7874(e)(1)(B) (2)(A) Part I of subchapter P of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 1201 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (B) Section 12 is amended by striking para-graphs (4) and (6), and by redesignating para-graph (5) as paragraph (4). (C) Section 453A(c)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or 1201 (whichever is appropriate)’’. (D) Section 527(b) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (2), and (ii) by striking all that precedes ‘‘is hereby imposed’’ and inserting: ‘‘(b) TAXIMPOSED .—A tax’’. (E) Sections 594(a) is amended by striking ‘‘taxes imposed by section 11 or 1201(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘tax imposed by section 11’’. (F) Section 691(c)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘1201,’’. (G) Section 801(a) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (2), and (ii) by striking all that precedes ‘‘is hereby imposed’’ and inserting: ‘‘(a) T
AXIMPOSED .—A tax’’. (H) Section 831(e) is amended by striking paragraph (1) and by redesignating para-graphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. (I) Sections 832(c)(5) and 834(b)(1)(D) are each amended by striking ‘‘sec. 1201 and fol-lowing,’’. (J) Section 852(b)(3)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1201(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 11(b)’’. (K) Section 857(b)(3) is amended— (i) by striking subparagraph (A) and redes-ignating subparagraphs (B) through (F) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respectively, (ii) in subparagraph (C), as so redesig-nated— (I) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)(ii)’’ in clause (i) thereof and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’, (II) by striking ‘‘the tax imposed by sub-paragraph (A)(ii)’’ in clauses (ii) and (iv) thereof and inserting ‘‘the tax imposed by paragraph (1) on undistributed capital gain’’, (iii) in subparagraph (E), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B) or (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A) or (C)’’, and (iv) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) U
NDISTRIBUTED CAPITAL GAIN .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘undis-tributed capital gain’ means the excess of the net capital gain over the deduction for dividends paid (as defined in section 561) de-termined with reference to capital gain divi-dends only.’’. (L) Section 882(a)(1), as amended by section 12001, is amended by striking ‘‘or 1201(a)’’. (M) Section 904(b) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘or 1201(a)’’ in paragraph (2)(C), (ii) by striking paragraph (3)(D) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(D) C
APITAL GAIN RATE DIFFERENTIAL .— There is a capital gain rate differential for any year if subsection (h) of section 1 applies to such taxable year.’’, and (iii) by striking paragraph (3)(E) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(E) R
ATE DIFFERENTIAL PORTION .—The rate differential portion of foreign source net capital gain, net capital gain, or the excess of net capital gain from sources within the United States over net capital gain, as the case may be, is the same proportion of such amount as— ‘‘(i) the excess of— ‘‘(I) the highest rate of tax set forth in sub-section (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e) of section 1 (whichever applies), over ‘‘(II) the alternative rate of tax determined under section 1(h), bears to ‘‘(ii) that rate referred to in subclause (I).’’. (N) Section 1374(b) is amended by striking paragraph (4). (O) Section 1381(b) is amended by striking ‘‘taxes imposed by section 11 or 1201’’ and in-serting ‘‘tax imposed by section 11’’. (P) Sections 6425(c)(1)(A), as amended by section 12001, and 6655(g)(1)(A)(i) are each amended by striking ‘‘or 1201(a),’’. (Q) Section 7518(g)(6)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘or 1201(a)’’. (3)(A) Section 1445(e)(1) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘35 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘the highest rate of tax in effect for the tax-able year under section 11(b)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘of the gain’’ and inserting ‘‘multiplied by the gain’’. (B) Section 1445(e)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘35 percent of the amount’’ and inserting ‘‘the highest rate of tax in effect for the tax-able year under section 11(b) multiplied by the amount’’. (C) Section 1445(e)(6) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘35 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘the highest rate of tax in effect for the tax-able year under section 11(b)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘of the amount’’ and in-serting ‘‘multiplied by the amount’’. (D) Section 1446(b)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘section 11(b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 11(b)’’. (4) Section 852(b)(1) is amended by striking the last sentence. (5)(A) Part I of subchapter B of chapter 5 is amended by striking section 1551 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (B) Section 535(c)(5) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) CROSS REFERENCE .—For limitation on credit provided in paragraph (2) or (3) in the case of certain controlled corporations, see section 1561.’’. (6)(A) Section 1561, as amended by section 12001, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1561. LIMITATION ON ACCUMULATED EARNINGS CREDIT IN THE CASE OF CERTAIN CONTROLLED CORPORA-TIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The component mem-bers of a controlled group of corporations on a December 31 shall, for their taxable years which include such December 31, be limited for purposes of this subtitle to one $250,000 ($150,000 if any component member is a cor-poration described in section 535(c)(2)(B)) amount for purposes of computing the accu-mulated earnings credit under section 535(c)(2) and (3). Such amount shall be di-vided equally among the component mem-bers of such group on such December 31 un-less the Secretary prescribes regulations per-mitting an unequal allocation of such amount. ‘‘(b) C
ERTAIN SHORT TAXABLE YEARS .—If a corporation has a short taxable year which does not include a December 31 and is a com-ponent member of a controlled group of cor-porations with respect to such taxable year, then for purposes of this subtitle, the amount to be used in computing the accumu-lated earnings credit under section 535(c)(2) and (3) of such corporation for such taxable year shall be the amount specified in sub-section (a) with respect to such group, di-vided by the number of corporations which are component members of such group on the last day of such taxable year. For purposes of the preceding sentence, section 1563(b) shall be applied as if such last day were sub-stituted for December 31.’’. (B) The table of sections for part II of sub-chapter B of chapter 5 is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 1561 and in-serting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 1561. Limitation on accumulated earn-ings credit in the case of cer-tain controlled corporations.’’. (7) Section 7518(g)(6)(A) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘With respect to the por-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘In the case of a tax-payer other than a corporation, with respect to the portion’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘(34 percent in the case of a corporation)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the amendments 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7428 November 29, 2017 
made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. (2) W
ITHHOLDING .—The amendments made by subsection (b)(3) shall apply to distribu-tions made after December 31, 2018. (3) C
ERTAIN TRANSFERS .—The amendments made by subsection (b)(6) shall apply to transfers made after December 31, 2018. (d) N
ORMALIZATION REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A normalization method of accounting shall not be treated as being used with respect to any public utility prop-erty for purposes of section 167 or 168 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 if the tax-payer, in computing its cost of service for ratemaking purposes and reflecting oper-ating results in its regulated books of ac-count, reduces the excess tax reserve more rapidly or to a greater extent than such re-serve would be reduced under the average rate assumption method. (2) A
LTERNATIVE METHOD FOR CERTAIN TAX -
PAYERS .—If, as of the first day of the taxable year that includes the date of enactment of this Act— (A) the taxpayer was required by a regu-latory agency to compute depreciation for public utility property on the basis of an av-erage life or composite rate method, and (B) the taxpayer’s books and underlying records did not contain the vintage account data necessary to apply the average rate as-sumption method, the taxpayer will be treated as using a nor-malization method of accounting if, with re-spect to such jurisdiction, the taxpayer uses the alternative method for public utility property that is subject to the regulatory authority of that jurisdiction. (3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— (A) E
XCESS TAX RESERVE .—The term ‘‘ex-cess tax reserve’’ means the excess of— (i) the reserve for deferred taxes (as de-scribed in section 168(i)(9)(A)(ii) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986) as determined under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as in effect on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act, over (ii) the amount which would be the balance in such reserve if the amount of such reserve were determined by assuming that the cor-porate rate reductions provided in this Act were in effect for all prior periods. (B) A
VERAGE RATE ASSUMPTION METHOD .— The average rate assumption method is the method under which the excess in the re-serve for deferred taxes is reduced over the remaining lives of the property as used in its regulated books of account which gave rise to the reserve for deferred taxes. Under such method, if timing differences for the prop-erty reverse, the amount of the adjustment to the reserve for the deferred taxes is cal-culated by multiplying— (i) the ratio of the aggregate deferred taxes for the property to the aggregate timing dif-ferences for the property as of the beginning of the period in question, by (ii) the amount of the timing differences which reverse during such period. (C) A
LTERNATIVE METHOD .—The ‘‘alter-native method’’ is the method in which the taxpayer— (i) computes the excess tax reserve on all public utility property included in the plant account on the basis of the weighted average life or composite rate used to compute depre-ciation for regulatory purposes, and (ii) reduces the excess tax reserve ratably over the remaining regulatory life of the property. (4) T
AX INCREASED FOR NORMALIZATION VIO -
LATION .—If, for any taxable year ending after the date of the enactment of this Act, the taxpayer does not use a normalization meth-od of accounting, the taxpayer’s tax for the taxable year shall be increased by the amount by which it reduces its excess tax re-serve more rapidly than permitted under a normalization method of accounting. SEC. 13002. REDUCTION IN DIVIDEND RECEIVED DEDUCTIONS TO REFLECT LOWER CORPORATE INCOME TAX RATES. 
(a) D IVIDENDS RECEIVED BY CORPORA -
TIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 243(a)(1) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’. (2) D
IVIDENDS FROM 20 -PERCENT OWNED COR -
PORATIONS .—Section 243(c)(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘80 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading for section 243(c) is amended by striking ‘‘R
ETENTION OF 80-PERCENT DIVIDEND RE-
CEIVED DEDUCTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘I N-
CREASED PERCENTAGE ’’. (b) D
IVIDENDS RECEIVED FROM FSC.—Sec- tion 245(c)(1)(B) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘80 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’. (c) L
IMITATION ON AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF  D
EDUCTIONS .—Section 246(b)(3) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘80 percent’’ in subpara-graph (A) and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ in subpara-graph (B) and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’. (d) R
EDUCTION IN DEDUCTION WHERE PORT-
FOLIO STOCK ISDEBT-FINANCED .—Section 246A(a)(1) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘80 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’. (e) I
NCOME FROM SOURCES WITHIN THE  U
NITED STATES .—Section 861(a)(2) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘100/70th’’ and inserting ‘‘100/50th’’ in subparagraph (B), and (2) in the flush sentence at the end— (A) by striking ‘‘100/80th’’ and inserting ‘‘100/65th’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘100/70th’’ and inserting ‘‘100/50th’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section (other than subsection (c) there-of) shall apply to dividends received by a cor-poration after December 31, 2018, in taxable years ending after such date. (2) L
IMITATION .—The amendments made by section 102(c) shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2018. Subpart B—Dividends Paid Deduction for Domestic Corporations 
SEC. 13011. DIVIDENDS PAID DEDUCTION. 
(a) G ENERAL RULE.—Part VIII of sub-chapter B of chapter 1 is amended by insert-ing after section 241 the following: ‘‘Subpart B—Dividends Paid Deduction ‘‘Sec. 242. Dividends paid deduction. 
‘‘SEC. 242. DIVIDENDS PAID DEDUCTION. 
‘‘(a) A LLOWANCE OF DEDUCTION .—In the case of an eligible corporation, there shall be allowed as a deduction an amount equal to zero percent of the aggregate amount of ap-plicable dividends paid by the corporation during the taxable year. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICABLE DIVIDEND .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘applicable div-idend’ means, with respect to an eligible cor-poration, any distribution by the eligible corporation during a taxable year which is— ‘‘(A) treated as a dividend for purposes of this chapter, and ‘‘(B) paid out of its applicable earnings and profits. ‘‘(2) O
RDERING RULE FOR DIVIDEND PAY -
MENTS .—For purposes of paragraph (1)(B), dividends shall be treated as paid— ‘‘(A) first, out of exempt earnings and prof-its, ‘‘(B) second, out of applicable earnings and profits, and ‘‘(C) finally, out of earnings and profits not described in subparagraph (A) or (B). ‘‘(3) COORDINATION WITH OTHER DEDUC -
TIONS .—Such term shall not include— ‘‘(A) any amount allowed as a deduction under section 591 (relating to deduction for dividends paid by mutual savings banks, etc.), and ‘‘(B) any dividend described in paragraph (2) of section 404(k) (relating to deduction for dividends paid on certain employer securi-ties). ‘‘(4) E
LECTION TO TREAT CERTAIN DISTRIBU -
TIONS PAID AFTER CLOSE OF YEAR AS PAID DUR -
ING YEAR .—For purposes of this title, an eli-gible corporation may elect on its return of tax for any taxable year to treat any dis-tribution made on or before the 15th day of the 4th month following the close of the tax-able year as having been made immediately before the close of the taxable year. The pre-ceding sentence shall not apply for purposes of determining the time the distribution was received by the shareholder to whom the dis-tribution was made. ‘‘(5) A
PPLICABLE EARNINGS AND PROFITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘applicable earnings and profits’ means, with respect to any corporation for any taxable year, its earnings and profits for the taxable year and its earnings and profits accumulated in prior taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. For purposes of the preceding sentence, earnings and profits for the taxable year shall be determined without regard to the deduction under this section for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) E
XEMPT EARNINGS AND PROFITS NOT  
TREATED AS APPLICABLE EARNINGS AND PROF -
ITS.—The applicable earnings and profits of a corporation shall not include any exempt earnings and profits (as defined in paragraph (6)). ‘‘(C) L
OOK-THRU IN THE CASE OF DIVIDENDS  
RECEIVED FROM CONTROLLED FOREIGN COR -
PORATION OR 10 /50 CORPORATION .—If a corpora-tion which is a United States shareholder in a controlled foreign corporation, or is a shareholder in a foreign corporation with re-spect to which the shareholder meets the stock ownership requirements of section 902(a), receives a dividend (other than a divi-dend to which subparagraph (B) applies) from such controlled foreign corporation or such foreign corporation, the earnings and profits from such dividend shall not be treated as applicable earnings and profits of the cor-poration receiving such dividend to the ex-tent of any portion of the dividend not prop-erly allocable (as determined under section 316, as modified by section 959(c) in the case of such controlled foreign corporation) to ap-plicable earnings and profits of such con-trolled foreign corporation or such foreign corporation. ‘‘(6) E
XEMPT EARNINGS AND PROFITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘exempt earn-ings and profits’ means, with respect to any corporation for any taxable year, its earn-ings and profits for the taxable year and its earnings and profits accumulated in prior taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018, which are properly allocable to exempt amounts received or accrued by the corpora-tion. ‘‘(B) E
XEMPT AMOUNTS .—The term ‘exempt amounts’ means, with respect to any cor-poration— ‘‘(i) any dividend to the extent of the de-duction allowable to the corporation under section 243, 245, or 245A with respect to the dividend, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7429 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(ii) any foreign-derived intangible income (as defined in section 250(b)) or global intan-gible low-taxed income (as defined in section 951A(b)) to the extent of the deduction allow-able to the corporation under section 250 with respect to any such income, ‘‘(iii) any increase in subpart F income by reason of section 965 to the extent of the de-duction allowable to the corporation under section 965(c)(1) with respect to any such in-come, and ‘‘(iv) any other amount to the extent such amount is exempt from taxation under this title. ‘‘(7) P
ROPER ALLOCATION OF DIVIDENDS TO  
EARNINGS AND PROFITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pre-scribe rules for the proper allocation of divi-dends to earnings and profits for purposes of applying this subsection. ‘‘(B) L
OOK THROUGH RULES .—For purposes of paragraph (4)(C), such rules shall include rules requiring in appropriate cases the look through to earnings and profits of members of any affiliated group including a controlled foreign corporation or foreign corporation described in such paragraph where the earn-ings and profits of such controlled foreign corporation or such foreign corporation are attributable to distributions received from other members of the group. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE CORPORATION .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘eligible corpora-tion’ means any domestic corporation other than— ‘‘(1) a regulated investment company, ‘‘(2) a real estate investment trust, ‘‘(3) an S corporation, ‘‘(4) a corporation which is exempt from tax under section 501 or 521, ‘‘(5) an organization taxable under sub-chapter T of this chapter (relating to cooper-ative organizations), ‘‘(6) a cooperative governed by the rules applicable to cooperatives as in effect before the enactment of subchapter T, or ‘‘(7) a DISC or former DISC. ‘‘(d) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each eligible corpora-tion which makes payments of dividends dur-ing the reporting period for any taxable year shall make a return, according to the forms and regulations prescribed by the Secretary, setting forth— ‘‘(A) the aggregate amount of such divi-dends, ‘‘(B) the aggregate amount of such divi-dends with respect to which the corporation is claiming a deduction under this section for the taxable year, ‘‘(C) the aggregate amount of such divi-dends which the corporation paid during the period beginning on the 1st day of the report-ing taxable year and ending on the 15th day of the 4th month of such taxable year which the corporation elected under subsection (b)(4) to treat as paid in the preceding tax-able year, ‘‘(D) the aggregate amount of such divi-dends which the corporation paid during the period beginning on the 1st day of the tax-able year following the reporting taxable year and ending on the 15th day of the 4th month of such following taxable year which the corporation elected under subsection (b)(4) to treat as paid in the reporting tax-able year, and ‘‘(E) such other information with respect to such dividends as the Secretary shall re-quire for the administration of this section. ‘‘(2) R
EPORTING PERIOD ; DUE DATE .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) R
EPORTING PERIOD .—The term ‘report-ing period’ means with, respect to any tax-able year, the period beginning on the 1st day of the taxable year and ending on the 15th day of the 4th month following the close of the taxable year. ‘‘(B) DUE DATE .—Any return under para-graph (1) with respect to any taxable year shall be included with the return of income tax for such taxable year.’’. (b) P
ENALTY FOR FAILURE TO REPORT .—Sec- tion 6652, as amended by subtitle E of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(r) F
AILURE TO FILERETURNS BY CORPORA -
TIONS ELIGIBLE FOR DIVIDENDS PAIDDEDUC -
TION.— ‘‘(1) P
ENALTY FOR FAILURE TO FILE RE -
TURN .—In the case of a failure to make a re-turn required under section 242(d) containing the information required by such section by the due date for the return, the eligible cor-poration shall pay (on notice and demand by the Secretary and in the same manner as tax) a penalty of $1,000 per day for each day such failure continues unless it is shown that such failure is due to reasonable cause. The maximum amount of the penalty under this paragraph with respect to any failure for a taxable year shall not exceed $250,000. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE CORPORATION .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘eligible corpora-tion’ has the meaning given such term by section 242(c).’’. (c) D
IVIDENDS PAIDDEDUCTION ALLOWABLE  O
NLY IN TAXABLE YEAR OF DIVIDEND PAY-
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (d) of section 172, as amended by section 11011, is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(9) D
IVIDENDS PAID DEDUCTION .—The de- duction under section 242 shall not be al-lowed.’’. (2) T
REATMENT OF CARRYBACKS AND  
CARRYOVERS .—Subparagraph (A) of section 172(b)(2), as amended by section 13302, is amended by striking ‘‘and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5), and (8)’’. (d) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amend-ed— (1) by striking the table of sections and in-serting the following: ‘‘PART VIII—SPECIAL DEDUCTIONS FOR CORPORATIONS ‘‘
SUBPART A . ALLOWANCE OF SPECIAL  
DEDUCTIONS . ‘‘
SUBPART B . DIVIDENDS PAID DEDUCTION . ‘‘
SUBPART C . DIVIDENDS RECEIVED DEDUCTIONS . ‘‘
SUBPART D . OTHER DEDUCTIONS . ‘‘Subpart A—Allowance of Special Deductions ‘‘Sec. 241. Allowance of special deductions.’’, (2) by inserting the following before sec-tion 243: ‘‘Subpart C—Dividends Received Deductions ‘‘Sec. 243. Dividends received by corpora-tions. ‘‘Sec. 245. Dividends received from certain foreign corporations. ‘‘Sec. 245A. Deduction for foreign-source portion of dividends received by domestic corporations from specified 10-percent owned for-eign corporations. ‘‘Sec. 246. Rules applying to deductions for dividends received. ‘‘Sec. 246A. Dividends received deduction re-duced where portfolio stock is debt financed.’’, and (3) by inserting the following before sec-tion 248: ‘‘Subpart D—Other Deductions ‘‘Sec. 248. Organizational expenditures. ‘‘Sec. 249. Limitation of deduction of bond premium on repurchase. ‘‘Sec. 250. Foreign-derived intangible income and global intangible low-taxed income.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to dividends paid in taxable years of the payor beginning after December 31, 2018. SEC. 13012. TAX EQUIVALENT TO DIVIDENDS PAID DEDUCTION FOR CERTAIN FOREIGN CORPORATIONS. 
(a) D IVIDENDS PAIDDEDUCTION .—Paragraph (1) of section 882(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE FOR DIVIDENDS PAID DE -
DUCTION .—For purposes of subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) the deduction under section 242 shall not be allowed for any taxable year, and ‘‘(ii) there shall be allowed, in lieu of such deduction, a deduction in an amount equal to zero percent of the dividend equivalent amount (as defined in section 884(b)) of the foreign corporation for the taxable year.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 13013. ALLOCATION OF DIVIDEND EXPENSE AMONG MEMBERS OF WORLDWIDE AFFILIATED GROUPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (6) of section 864(e) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(6) A
LLOCATION AND APPORTIONMENT OF  
OTHER EXPENSES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), expenses other than inter-est which are not directly allocable or appor-tioned to any specific income producing ac-tivity shall be allocated and apportioned as if all members of the affiliated group were a single corporation. ‘‘(B) D
IVIDEND EXPENSE .—The dividend ex-pense of any domestic corporation which is a member of an affiliated group shall be allo-cated and apportioned to income from sources without the United States in the same proportion which— ‘‘(i) the aggregate amount of income treat-ed as from sources without the United States by all domestic corporations which are mem-bers of such group (determined without re-gard to such dividend expense), bears to ‘‘(ii) the aggregate income of all such do-mestic corporations from sources within and without the United States (as so deter-mined).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. PART II—SMALL BUSINESS REFORMS 
SEC. 13101. MODIFICATIONS OF RULES FOR EX-PENSING DEPRECIABLE BUSINESS ASSETS. 
(a) I NCREASE IN LIMITATION .— (1) D
OLLAR LIMITATION .—Section 179(b)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000,000’’. (2) R
EDUCTION IN LIMITATION .—Section 179(b)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘$2,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,500,000’’. (3) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (A) of sec-tion 179(b)(6) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’, and (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘calendar year 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘calendar year 2017’’. (B) S
PORT UTILITY VEHICLES .—Section 179(b)(6) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘para-graphs (1) and (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1), (2), and (5)(A)’’, and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘($100 in the case of any increase in the amount under paragraph (5)(A))’’ after ‘‘$10,000’’. (b) S
ECTION 179 P ROPERTY TO INCLUDE  Q
UALIFIED REALPROPERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (B) of sec-tion 179(d)(1) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) which is— ‘‘(i) section 1245 property (as defined in sec-tion 1245(a)(3)), or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7430 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(ii) qualified real property (as defined in subsection (f)), and’’. (2) Q
UALIFIED REAL PROPERTY DEFINED .— Subsection (f) of section 179 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) Q
UALIFIED REAL PROPERTY .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘qualified real property’ means— ‘‘(1) any qualified improvement property described in section 168(e)(6), and ‘‘(2) any of the following improvements to nonresidential real property placed in serv-ice after the date such property was first placed in service: ‘‘(A) Roofs. ‘‘(B) Heating, ventilation, and air-condi-tioning property. ‘‘(C) Fire protection and alarm systems. ‘‘(D) Security systems.’’. (c) R
EPEAL OF EXCLUSION FOR CERTAIN  P
ROPERTY .—The last sentence of section 179(d)(1) is amended by inserting ‘‘(other than paragraph (2) thereof)’’ after ‘‘section 50(b)’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13102. MODIFICATIONS OF GROSS RECEIPTS TEST FOR USE OF CASH METHOD OF ACCOUNTING BY CORPORATIONS AND PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) M ODIFICATIONS OF GROSS RECEIPTS  T
EST.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—So much of section 448(c) as precedes paragraph (2) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) G
ROSS RECEIPTS TEST.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A corporation or part-nership meets the gross receipts test of this subsection for any taxable year if the aver-age annual gross receipts of such entity for the 3-taxable-year period ending with the taxable year which precedes such taxable year does not exceed the applicable dollar limit.’’. (2) A
PPLICABLE DOLLAR LIMIT .—Subsection (c) of section 448 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) A
PPLICABLE DOLLAR LIMIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The applicable dollar limit is $15,000,000. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after De-cember 31, 2018, the $15,000,000 amount under subparagraph (A) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any amount as increased under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $1,000.’’. (3) C
HANGE IN METHOD OF ACCOUNTING .— Paragraph (7) of section 448(d) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘In the case of’’ and all that follows up to subparagraph (A) and in-serting: ‘‘If a taxpayer changes its method of accounting because the taxpayer is prohib-ited from using the cash receipts and dis-bursement method of accounting by reason of subsection (a) or is no longer prohibited from using such method by reason of such subsection—’’, and (B) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-paragraph (A), by striking ‘‘, and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting a period, and by striking subparagraph (C). (4) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (3) of section 448(b) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(3) E
NTITIES SATISFYING GROSS RECEIPTS  
TEST.—Paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) shall not apply to any corporation or partnership for any taxable year if such enti-ty meets the gross receipts test of subsection (c) for the taxable year.’’. (b) APPLICATION OF MODIFICATIONS TO  F
ARMING CORPORATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 447(d) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A corporation meets the requirements of this subsection for any tax-able year with respect to its gross receipts if the corporation meets the gross receipts test of section 448(c) for the taxable year.’’. (2) F
AMILY CORPORATIONS .—Paragraph (2) of section 447(d) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a family corporation, in applying section 448(c) for purposes of paragraph (1)— ‘‘(i) paragraph (1) of section 448(c) shall be applied by substituting the applicable family corporation limit for the applicable dollar limit, and ‘‘(ii) the rules of subparagraph (B) shall apply in computing gross receipts.’’, (B) Clause (i) of section 447(d)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘the last sentence of paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2) of section 448(c)’’, and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) A
PPLICABLE FAMILY CORPORATION  
LIMIT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The applicable family corporation limit is $25,000,000. ‘‘(ii) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after De-cember 31, 2018, the $25,000,000 amount under clause (i) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(I) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any amount as increased under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $1,000.’’. (3) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN CORPORATIONS .— Subsection (c) of section 447 is amended by inserting ‘‘for any taxable year’’ after ‘‘not being a corporation’’. (4) C
HANGE IN METHOD OF ACCOUNTING .—Sec- tion 447(f) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘In the case of’’ and all that follows up to paragraph (1) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘If a taxpayer changes its method of accounting because the taxpayer is required to use an accrual method of ac-counting by reason of subsection (a) or is no longer required to use such method by rea-son of such subsection—’’, and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) such change shall be treated as initi-ated by the taxpayer, and’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13103. CLARIFICATION OF INVENTORY AC-COUNTING RULES FOR SMALL BUSI-NESSES. 
(a) C LARIFICATION OF INVENTORY RULES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 471 is amended by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d) and by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) S
MALL BUSINESS TAXPAYERS NOTRE-
QUIRED TO USEINVENTORIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A qualified taxpayer shall not be required to use inventories under this section for a taxable year. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF TAXPAYERS NOT USING  
INVENTORIES .—A qualified taxpayer who is not required under this subsection to use in-ventories with respect to any property for a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, may treat such property— ‘‘(A) as a non-incidental material or sup-ply, or ‘‘(B) in a manner which conforms to the taxpayer’s method for accounting for such property in— ‘‘(i) an applicable financial statement (as defined in section 451(b)(1)), or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a taxpayer that does not have an applicable financial statement, their books and records used for purposes of deter-mining tax imposed by this title. ‘‘(3) QUALIFIED TAXPAYER .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘qualified taxpayer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, a taxpayer who meets the gross receipts test of section 448(c) for the taxable year (or, in the case of a sole proprietorship, who would meet such test if such proprietorship were a corporation). Such term shall not include a tax shelter prohibited from using the cash receipts and disbursements method of ac-counting under section 448(a)(3). ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 481 .—If a taxpayer changes its method of accounting because the taxpayer is not required to use inventories by reason of paragraph (1) or is required to use inventories because such paragraph no longer applies to the tax-payer— ‘‘(A) such change shall be treated as initi-ated by the taxpayer, and ‘‘(B) such change shall be treated as made with the consent of the Secretary.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (c) of section 263A is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) E
XCLUSION FROM INVENTORY RULES .— Nothing in this section shall require the use of inventories for any taxable year by a qualified taxpayer (within the meaning of section 471(c)(3)) who is not required to use inventories under section 471 for such tax-able year.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13104. MODIFICATION OF RULES FOR UNI-FORM CAPITALIZATION OF CERTAIN EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 263A(b) is amend-ed by striking all that follows paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(2) P
ROPERTY ACQUIRED FOR RESALE .—Real or personal property described in section 1221(a)(1) which is acquired by the taxpayer for resale. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR SMALL BUSINESSES .— This section shall not apply to any taxpayer who meets the gross receipts test under sec-tion 448(c) for the taxable year (or, in the case of a sole proprietorship, who would meet such test if such proprietorship were a corporation), other than a tax shelter pro-hibited from using the cash receipts and dis-bursements method of accounting under sec-tion 448(a)(3). ‘‘(4) F
ILMS, SOUND RECORDINGS , BOOKS , 
ETC.—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘tangible personal property’ shall in-clude a film, sound recording, video tape, book, or similar property. ‘‘(5) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 481 .—If a taxpayer changes its method of accounting because this section does not apply to the taxpayer by reason of the exception under paragraph (3) or this section applies to the taxpayer because such exception no longer applies to the taxpayer— ‘‘(A) such change shall be treated as initi-ated by the taxpayer, and ‘‘(B) such change shall be treated as made with the consent of the Secretary.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7431 November 29, 2017 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13105. INCREASE IN GROSS RECEIPTS TEST FOR CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT EX-CEPTION TO PERCENTAGE OF COM-PLETION METHOD. 
(a) I NCREASE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 460(e)(1)(B) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘(other than a tax shelter prohib-ited from using the cash receipts and dis-bursements method of accounting under sec-tion 448(a)(3))’’ after ‘‘taxpayer’’, and (B) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) who meets the gross receipts test of section 448(c) for the taxable year in which such contract is entered into (or, in the case of a sole proprietorship, who would meet such test if such proprietorship were a cor-poration).’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 460(e) is amended by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (6) as paragraphs (2) through (4), respectively. (B) The last sentence of section 56(a)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘section 460(e)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 460(e)(4)’’. (b) C
OORDINATION WITHSECTION 481.—Sec- tion 460(e), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 481 .—If a taxpayer changes its method of accounting because subsections (a), (b), (c)(1), and (c)(2) do not apply by reason of the exception under paragraph (1)(B) or such subsections apply to the taxpayer because such exception no longer applies to the taxpayer— ‘‘(A) such change shall be treated as initi-ated by the taxpayer, ‘‘(B) such change shall be treated as made with the consent of the Secretary, and ‘‘(C) such change shall be permitted only on a cut-off basis for all similarly classified contracts entered into on or after the year of change and no adjustments under section 481(a) shall be made.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to contracts entered into after December 31, 2017, in tax-able years ending after such date. PART III—COST RECOVERY AND ACCOUNTING METHODS Subpart A—Cost Recovery 
SEC. 13201. TEMPORARY 100-PERCENT EXPENS-ING FOR CERTAIN BUSINESS AS-SETS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) 100 
PERCENT EXPENSING .—Section 168(k) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘50 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘100 percent’’, and (B) in paragraph (5)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘50 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘100 percent’’. (2) E
XTENSION THROUGH 2022 .—Section 168(k) is amended— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘D
ECEMBER  31, 2007, 
ANDBEFORE JANUARY 1, 2020’’ and in-serting ‘‘S
EPTEMBER 27, 2017, AND BEFORE  J
ANUARY 1, 2023’’, (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(iii), clauses (i)(III) and (ii) of subparagraph (B), and subpara-graph (E)(i), by striking ‘‘January 1, 2020’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2023’’, and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i)(II), by striking ‘‘January 1, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2024’’, and (II) in the heading of clause (ii), by strik-ing ‘‘
PRE-JANUARY 1 , 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘ PRE- 
JANUARY 1 , 2023’’, and (C) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘Janu-ary 1, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2023’’. (3) EXCEPTION FOR PUBLIC UTILITIES .—Para- graph (6) of section 168(k) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(6) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN PUBLIC UTILITY  
PROPERTY .—The term ‘qualified property’ shall not include any property which is pri-marily used in a trade or business described in clause (iv) of section 163(j)(7)(A).’’. (4) S
PECIAL RULE .—Section 168(k) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PROPERTY PLACED IN  
SERVICE DURING CERTAIN PERIODS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of qualified property placed in service by the taxpayer during the first taxable year ending after September 27, 2017, if the taxpayer elects to have this paragraph apply for such taxable year, paragraphs (1)(A) and (5)(A)(i) shall be applied by substituting ‘50 percent’ for ‘100 percent’. ‘‘(B) F
ORM OF ELECTION .—Any election under this paragraph shall be made at such time and in such form and manner as the Secretary may prescribe.’’. (5) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 280F .—Sec- tion 168(k)(2)(F) is amended by striking clause (iii). (6) Q
UALIFIED FILM AND TELEVISION AND  
LIVE THEATRICAL PRODUCTIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Clause (i) of section 168(k)(2)(A), as amended by section 13204, is amended— (i) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘or’’, (ii) in subclause (III), by adding ‘‘or’’ after the comma, and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) which is a qualified film or television production (as defined in subsection (d) of section 181) for which a deduction would have been allowable under section 181 with-out regard to subsections (a)(2) and (g) of such section or this subsection, or ‘‘(V) which is a qualified live theatrical production (as defined in subsection (e) of section 181) for which a deduction would have been allowable under section 181 with-out regard to subsections (a)(2) and (g) of such section or this subsection,’’. (B) P
RODUCTION PLACED IN SERVICE .—Para- graph (2) of section 168(k) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(H) P
RODUCTION PLACED IN SERVICE .—For purposes of subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) a qualified film or television produc-tion shall be considered to be placed in serv-ice at the time of initial release or broad-cast, and ‘‘(ii) a qualified live theatrical production shall be considered to be placed in service at the time of the initial live staged perform-ance.’’. (7) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Paragraph (5) of section 168(k) is amended by striking subparagraph (F). (B) Clause (ii) of section 460(c)(6)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2020 (Janu-ary 1, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2023 (January 1, 2024’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by sub-section (a) shall apply to property placed in service after September 27, 2017, in taxable years ending after such date. (2) C
ERTAIN PLANTS .—The amendments made by paragraphs (1)(B) and (2)(C) of sub-section (a) shall apply to specified plants planted or grafted after September 27, 2017, in taxable years ending after such date. 
SEC. 13202. MODIFICATIONS TO DEPRECIATION LIMITATIONS ON LUXURY AUTO-MOBILES AND PERSONAL USE PROP-ERTY. 
(a) L UXURY AUTOMOBILES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—280F(a)(1)(A) is amended— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘$2,560’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’, (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘$4,100’’ and inserting ‘‘$16,000’’, (C) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘$2,450’’ and inserting ‘‘$9,600’’, and (D) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘$1,475’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,760’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Clause (ii) of section 280F(a)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘$1,475’’ in the text and heading and inserting ‘‘$5,760’’. (B) Paragraph (7) of section 280F(d) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘1988’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’, and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(i)(II), by striking ‘‘1987’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. (b) R
EMOVAL OF COMPUTER EQUIPMENT  F
ROMLISTED PROPERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 280F(d)(4)(A) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (iii), (B) by striking clause (iv), and (C) by redesignating clause (v) as clause (iv). (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 280F(d)(4) is amended by striking subpara-graph (B) and by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2017, in taxable years ending after such date. 
SEC. 13203. MODIFICATIONS OF TREATMENT OF CERTAIN FARM PROPERTY. 
(a) T REATMENT OF CERTAIN FARMPROPERTY  
AS5-YEARPROPERTY .—Clause (vii) of section 168(e)(3)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘after De-cember 31, 2008, and which is placed in serv-ice before January 1, 2010’’ and inserting ‘‘after December 31, 2017’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF REQUIRED USE OF 150-P ER-
CENT DECLINING BALANCE METHOD .—Section 168(b)(2) is amended by striking subpara-graph (B) and by redesignating subpara-graphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2017, in taxable years ending after such date. 
SEC. 13204. APPLICABLE RECOVERY PERIOD FOR REAL PROPERTY. 
(a) R ESIDENTIAL RENTAL PROPERTY AND  N
ONRESIDENTIAL REALPROPERTY .— (1) R
EDUCTION OF RECOVERY PERIOD .—The table contained in section 168(c) is amend-ed— (A) by striking ‘‘27.5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘25 years’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘39 years’’ and inserting ‘‘25 years’’. (2) S
TATUTORY RECOVERY PERIOD .—The table contained in section 467(e)(3)(A) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘(other than residential rental property and nonresidential real prop-erty)’’ after ‘‘15-year and 20-year property’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘19 years’’ and inserting ‘‘25 years’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Clause (ii) of section 168(e)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘27.5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘25 years’’. (b) I
MPROVEMENTS TO REALPROPERTY .— (1) C
LASSIFICATION OF QUALIFIED IMPROVE -
MENT PROPERTY AS 10 -YEAR PROPERTY .—Sub- paragraph (D) of section 168(e)(3) is amend-ed— (A) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’, (B) in clause (iv), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and (C) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(v) any qualified improvement property described in subsection (e)(6).’’. (2) E
LIMINATION OF QUALIFIED LEASEHOLD  
IMPROVEMENT , QUALIFIED RESTAURANT , AND 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7432 November 29, 2017 
QUALIFIED RETAIL IMPROVEMENT PROPERTY .— Subsection (e) of section 168 is amended— (A) in subparagraph (E) of paragraph (3)— (i) by striking clauses (iv), (v), and (ix), (ii) in clause (vii), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end, (iii) in clause (viii), by striking ‘‘, and’’ and inserting a period, and (iv) by redesignating clauses (vi), (vii), and (viii), as so amended, as clauses (iv), (v), and (vi), respectively, and (B) by striking paragraphs (6), (7), and (8). (3) A
PPLICATION OF STRAIGHT LINE METHOD  
TO QUALIFIED IMPROVEMENT PROPERTY .—Para- graph (3) of section 168(b) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraphs (G), (H), and (I), and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) Qualified improvement property de-scribed in subsection (e)(6).’’. (4) A
LTERNATIVE DEPRECIATION SYSTEM .— (A) E
LECTING REAL PROPERTY TRADE OR  
BUSINESS .—Subsection (g) of section 168 is amended— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end, (II) in subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end, and (III) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) any property described in paragraph (8),’’, and (ii) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) E
LECTING REAL PROPERTY TRADE OR  
BUSINESS .—The property described in this paragraph shall consist of any nonresidential real property, residential rental property, and qualified improvement property held by an electing real property trade or business (as defined in 163(j)(7)(B)).’’. (B) Q
UALIFIED IMPROVEMENT PROPERTY .— The table contained in subparagraph (B) of section 168(g)(3) is amended— (i) by inserting after the item relating to subparagraph (D)(ii) the following new item: ‘‘(D)(v) ...................................... 20’’. , and (ii) by striking the item relating to sub-paragraph (E)(iv) and all that follows through the item relating to subparagraph (E)(ix) and inserting the following: ‘‘(E)(iv) ..................................... 20(E)(v) ......................................... 30(E)(vi) ....................................... 35’’. (C) A
PPLICABLE RECOVERY PERIOD FOR RESI -
DENTIAL RENTAL PROPERTY .—The table con-tained in subparagraph (C) of section 168(g)(2) is amended by striking clauses (iii) and (iv) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) Residential rental prop-erty ........................................ 30 years(iv) Nonresidential real prop-erty ........................................ 40 years(v) Any railroad grading or tun-nel bore or water utility prop-erty ........................................ 50 years’’. (5) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Clause (i) of section 168(k)(2)(A) is amended— (i) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the comma, (ii) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end, and (iii) by striking subclause (IV). (B) Section 168 is amended— (i) in subsection (e), as amended by para-graph (2)(B), by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) Q
UALIFIED IMPROVEMENT PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified im-provement property’ means any improve-ment to an interior portion of a building which is nonresidential real property if such improvement is placed in service after the date such building was first placed in serv-ice. ‘‘(B) CERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS NOT IN -
CLUDED .—Such term shall not include any improvement for which the expenditure is attributable to— ‘‘(i) the enlargement of the building, ‘‘(ii) any elevator or escalator, or ‘‘(iii) the internal structural framework of the building.’’. (ii) in subsection (k), by striking paragraph (3). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2017. (2) S
HORTER RECOVERY PERIOD OR MORE AC -
CELERATED DEPRECIATION METHOD .—In the case of property placed in service before Jan-uary 1, 2018, if the amendments made by this section result in— (A) an applicable recovery period which is less than the applicable recovery period for such property before enactment of such amendments, or (B) an applicable depreciation method which is more accelerated than the applica-ble depreciation method for such property before enactment of such amendments, the depreciation deduction for such property shall, for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, be determined as if such property were placed in service on January 1, 2018. 
SEC. 13205. USE OF ALTERNATIVE DEPRECIATION SYSTEM FOR ELECTING FARMING BUSINESSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 168(g)(1), as amended by section 13204, is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-paragraph (F), and by inserting after sub-paragraph (F) the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(G) any property with a recovery period of 10 years or more which is held by an elect-ing farming business (as defined in section 163(j)(7)(C)),’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13206. AMORTIZATION OF RESEARCH AND EXPERIMENTAL EXPENDITURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 174 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 174. AMORTIZATION OF RESEARCH AND EX-PERIMENTAL EXPENDITURES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a tax-payer’s specified research or experimental expenditures for any taxable year— ‘‘(1) except as provided in paragraph (2), no deduction shall be allowed for such expendi-tures, and ‘‘(2) the taxpayer shall— ‘‘(A) charge such expenditures to capital account, and ‘‘(B) be allowed an amortization deduction of such expenditures ratably over the 5-year period (15-year period in the case of any spec-ified research or experimental expenditures which are attributable to foreign research (within the meaning of section 41(d)(4)(F))) beginning with the midpoint of the taxable year in which such expenditures are paid or incurred. ‘‘(b) S
PECIFIED RESEARCH OR EXPERIMENTAL  E
XPENDITURES .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘specified research or experimental expenditures’ means, with respect to any taxable year, research or experimental ex-penditures which are paid or incurred by the taxpayer during such taxable year in connec-tion with the taxpayer’s trade or business. ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) L
AND AND OTHER PROPERTY .—This sec- tion shall not apply to any expenditure for the acquisition or improvement of land, or for the acquisition or improvement of prop-erty to be used in connection with the re-search or experimentation and of a character which is subject to the allowance under sec-tion 167 (relating to allowance for deprecia-tion, etc.) or section 611 (relating to allow-ance for depletion); but for purposes of this section allowances under section 167, and al-lowances under section 611, shall be consid-ered as expenditures. ‘‘(2) EXPLORATION EXPENDITURES .—This sec- tion shall not apply to any expenditure paid or incurred for the purpose of ascertaining the existence, location, extent, or quality of any deposit of ore or other mineral (includ-ing oil and gas). ‘‘(3) S
OFTWARE DEVELOPMENT .—For pur- poses of this section, any amount paid or in-curred in connection with the development of any software shall be treated as a research or experimental expenditure. ‘‘(d) T
REATMENT UPONDISPOSITION , RETIRE -
MENT , ORABANDONMENT .—If any property with respect to which specified research or experimental expenditures are paid or in-curred is disposed, retired, or abandoned dur-ing the period during which such expendi-tures are allowed as an amortization deduc-tion under this section, no deduction shall be allowed with respect to such expenditures on account of such disposition, retirement, or abandonment and such amortization deduc-tion shall continue with respect to such ex-penditures.’’. (b) C
HANGE IN METHOD OF ACCOUNTING .— The amendments made by subsection (a) shall be treated as a change in method of ac-counting for purposes of section 481 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and— (1) such change shall be treated as initi-ated by the taxpayer, (2) such change shall be treated as made with the consent of the Secretary, and (3) such change shall be applied only on a cut-off basis for any research or experi-mental expenditures paid or incurred in tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2025, and no adjustments under section 481(a) shall be made. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part VI of subchapter B of chap-ter 1 is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 174 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 174. Amortization of research and ex-perimental expenditures.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 41(d)(1)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘expenses under section 174’’ and insert-ing ‘‘specified research or experimental ex-penditures under section 174’’. (2) Subsection (c) of section 280C is amend-ed— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If— ‘‘(A) the amount of the credit determined for the taxable year under section 41(a)(1), exceeds ‘‘(B) the amount allowable as a deduction for such taxable year for qualified research expenses or basic research expenses, the amount chargeable to capital account for the taxable year for such expenses shall be reduced by the amount of such excess.’’, (B) by striking paragraph (2), (C) by redesignating paragraphs (3) (as amended by this Act) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively, and (D) in paragraph (2), as redesignated by subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7433 November 29, 2017 
SEC. 13207. EXPENSING OF CERTAIN COSTS OF REPLANTING CITRUS PLANTS LOST BY REASON OF CASUALTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 263A(d)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL TEMPORARY RULE FOR CITRUS  
PLANTS LOST BY REASON OF CASUALTY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of the re-planting of citrus plants, subparagraph (A) shall apply to amounts paid or incurred by a person (other than the taxpayer described in subparagraph (A)) if— ‘‘(I) the taxpayer described in subpara-graph (A) has an equity interest of not less than 50 percent in the replanted citrus plants at all times during the taxable year in which such amounts were paid or incurred and such other person holds any part of the remaining equity interest, or ‘‘(II) such other person acquired the en-tirety of such taxpayer’s equity interest in the land on which the lost or damaged citrus plants were located at the time of such loss or damage, and the replanting is on such land. ‘‘(ii) T
ERMINATION .—Clause (i) shall not apply to any cost paid or incurred after the date which is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to costs paid or incurred after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. Subpart B—Accounting Methods 
SEC. 13221. CERTAIN SPECIAL RULES FOR TAX-ABLE YEAR OF INCLUSION. 
(a) I NCLUSION NOTLATER THAN FOR FINAN-
CIAL ACCOUNTING PURPOSES .—Section 451 is amended by redesignating subsections (b) through (i) as subsections (c) through (j), re-spectively, and by inserting after subsection (a) the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) I
NCLUSION NOTLATER THAN FOR FINAN-
CIAL ACCOUNTING PURPOSES .—Notwith- standing part V of subchapter P— ‘‘(1) F
INANCIAL STATEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer the taxable income of which is computed under the accrual method of accounting, the amount of any portion of any item of gross income shall be included in gross income not later than the taxable year with respect to which such amount is taken into account as income in— ‘‘(i) an applicable financial statement of the taxpayer, or ‘‘(ii) such other financial statement as the Secretary may specify for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—In the case of a taxpayer which does not have a financial statement described in clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) for a taxable year, such subparagraph shall not apply. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION WITH SPECIAL RULES FOR  
LONG -TERM CONTRACTS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to any item of income to which section 460 applies. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE FINANCIAL STATEMENT .— For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘applicable financial statement’ means— ‘‘(A) a financial statement which is cer-tified as being prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and which is— ‘‘(i) a 10–K (or successor form), or annual statement to shareholders, required to be filed by the taxpayer with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, ‘‘(ii) an audited financial statement of the taxpayer which is used for— ‘‘(I) credit purposes, ‘‘(II) reporting to shareholders, partners, or other proprietors, or to beneficiaries, or ‘‘(III) any other substantial nontax pur-pose, but only if there is no statement of the tax-payer described in clause (i), or ‘‘(iii) filed by the taxpayer with any other Federal agency for purposes other than Fed-eral tax purposes, but only if there is no statement of the taxpayer described in clause (i) or (ii), ‘‘(B) a financial statement which is made on the basis of international financial re-porting standards and is filed by the tax-payer with an agency of a foreign govern-ment which is equivalent to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and which has reporting standards not less stringent than the standards required by such Commission, but only if there is no statement of the taxpayer described in sub-paragraph (A), or ‘‘(C) a financial statement filed by the tax-payer with any other regulatory or govern-mental body specified by the Secretary, but only if there is no statement of the taxpayer described in subparagraph (A) or (B). ‘‘(4) ALLOCATION OF TRANSACTION PRICE .— For purposes of this subsection, in the case of a contract which contains multiple per-formance obligations, the allocation of the transaction price to each performance obli-gation shall be equal to the amount allo-cated to each performance obligation for purposes of including such item in revenue in the applicable financial statement of the taxpayer. ‘‘(5) G
ROUP OF ENTITIES .—For purposes of paragraph (1), if the financial results of a taxpayer are reported on the applicable fi-nancial statement (as defined in paragraph (3)) for a group of entities, such statement may be treated as the applicable financial statement of the taxpayer.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF ADVANCE PAYMENTS .— Section 451, as amended by subsection (a), is amended by redesignating subsections (c) through (j) as subsections (d) through (k), re-spectively, and by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF ADVANCE PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A taxpayer which com-putes taxable income under the accrual method of accounting, and receives any ad-vance payment during the taxable year, shall— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), include such advance payment in gross income for such taxable year, or ‘‘(B) if the taxpayer elects the application of this subparagraph with respect to the cat-egory of advance payments to which such ad-vance payment belongs, the taxpayer shall— ‘‘(i) to the extent that any portion of such advance payment is required under sub-section (b) to be included in gross income in the taxable year in which such payment is received, so include such portion, and ‘‘(ii) include the remaining portion of such advance payment in gross income in the tax-able year following the taxable year in which such payment is received. ‘‘(2) E
LECTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this paragraph, the election under paragraph (1)(B) shall be made at such time, in such form and manner, and with respect to such categories of advance payments, as the Secretary may provide. ‘‘(B) P
ERIOD TO WHICH ELECTION APPLIES .— An election under paragraph (1)(B) shall be effective for the taxable year with respect to which it is first made and for all subsequent taxable years, unless the taxpayer secures the consent of the Secretary to revoke such election. For purposes of this title, the com-putation of taxable income under an election made under paragraph (1)(B) shall be treated as a method of accounting. ‘‘(3) T
AXPAYERS CEASING TO EXIST .—Except as otherwise provided by the Secretary, the election under paragraph (1)(B) shall not apply with respect to advance payments re-ceived by the taxpayer during a taxable year if such taxpayer ceases to exist during (or with the close of) such taxable year. ‘‘(4) ADVANCE PAYMENT .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘advance pay-ment’ means any payment— ‘‘(i) the full inclusion of which in the gross income of the taxpayer for the taxable year of receipt is a permissible method of ac-counting under this section (determined without regard to this subsection), ‘‘(ii) any portion of which is included in revenue by the taxpayer in a financial state-ment described in clause (i) or (ii) of sub-section (b)(1)(A) for a subsequent taxable year, and ‘‘(iii) which is for goods, services, or such other items as may be identified by the Sec-retary for purposes of this clause. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—Except as otherwise provided by the Secretary, such term shall not include— ‘‘(i) rent, ‘‘(ii) insurance premiums governed by sub-chapter L, ‘‘(iii) payments with respect to financial instruments, ‘‘(iv) payments with respect to warranty or guarantee contracts under which a third party is the primary obligor, ‘‘(v) payments subject to section 871(a), 881, 1441, or 1442, ‘‘(vi) payments in property to which sec-tion 83 applies, and ‘‘(vii) any other payment identified by the Secretary for purposes of this subparagraph. ‘‘(C) R
ECEIPT .—For purposes of this sub-section, an item of gross income is received by the taxpayer if it is actually or construc-tively received, or if it is due and payable to the taxpayer. ‘‘(D) A
LLOCATION OF TRANSACTION PRICE .— For purposes of this subsection, rules similar to subsection (b)(4) shall apply.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (d) C
OORDINATION WITHSECTION 481.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any quali-fied change in method of accounting for the taxpayer’s first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017— (A) such change shall be treated as initi-ated by the taxpayer, and (B) such change shall be treated as made with the consent of the Secretary of the Treasury. (2) Q
UALIFIED CHANGE IN METHOD OF AC -
COUNTING .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘qualified change in method of ac-counting’’ means any change in method of accounting which— (A) is required by the amendments made by this section, or (B) was prohibited under the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 prior to such amendments and is permitted under such Code after such amendments. PART IV—BUSINESS-RELATED EXCLUSIONS AND DEDUCTIONS 
SEC. 13301. LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION FOR IN-TEREST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 163(j) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(j) L
IMITATION ON BUSINESS INTEREST .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount allowed as a deduction under this chapter for any taxable year for business interest shall not exceed the sum of— ‘‘(A) the business interest income of such taxpayer for such taxable year, plus ‘‘(B) 30 percent of the adjusted taxable in-come of such taxpayer for such taxable year. The amount determined under subparagraph (B) shall not be less than zero. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7434 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(2) C ARRYFORWARD OF DISALLOWED BUSI -
NESS INTEREST .—The amount of any business interest not allowed as a deduction for any taxable year by reason of paragraph (1) shall be treated as business interest paid or ac-crued in the succeeding taxable year. ‘‘(3) E
XEMPTION FOR CERTAIN SMALL BUSI -
NESSES .—In the case of any taxpayer (other than a tax shelter prohibited from using the cash receipts and disbursements method of accounting under section 448(a)(3)) which meets the gross receipts test of section 448(c) for any taxable year, paragraph (1) shall not apply to such taxpayer for such taxable year. In the case of any taxpayer which is not a corporation or a partnership, the gross re-ceipts test of section 448(c) shall be applied in the same manner as if such taxpayer were a corporation or partnership. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION TO PARTNERSHIPS , ETC.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any part-nership— ‘‘(i) this subsection shall be applied at the partnership level and any deduction for busi-ness interest shall be taken into account in determining the non-separately stated tax-able income or loss of the partnership, and ‘‘(ii) the adjusted taxable income of each partner of such partnership— ‘‘(I) shall be determined without regard to such partner’s distributive share of the non- separately stated taxable income or loss of such partnership, and ‘‘(II) shall be increased by such partner’s distributive share of such partnership’s ex-cess taxable income. For purposes of clause (ii)(II), a partner’s dis-tributive share of partnership excess taxable income shall be determined in the same manner as the partner’s distributive share of nonseparately stated taxable income or loss of the partnership. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CARRYFORWARDS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of any busi-ness interest not allowed as a deduction to a partnership for any taxable year by reason of paragraph (1) for any taxable year— ‘‘(I) shall not be treated under paragraph (2) as business interest paid or accrued by the partnership in the succeeding taxable year, and ‘‘(II) shall, subject to clause (ii), be treated as excess business interest which is allocated to each partner in the same manner as the non-separately stated taxable income or loss of the partnership. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT OF EXCESS BUSINESS INTER -
EST ALLOCATED TO PARTNERS .—If a partner is allocated any excess business interest from a partnership under clause (i) for any taxable year— ‘‘(I) such excess business interest shall be treated as business interest paid or accrued by the partner in the next succeeding tax-able year in which the partner is allocated excess taxable income from such partner-ship, but only to the extent of such excess taxable income, and ‘‘(II) any portion of such excess business interest remaining after the application of subclause (I) shall, subject to the limitations of subclause (I), be treated as business inter-est paid or accrued in succeeding taxable years. For purposes of applying this paragraph, ex-cess taxable income allocated to a partner from a partnership for any taxable year shall not be taken into account under paragraph (1)(A) with respect to any business interest other than excess business interest from the partnership until all such excess business in-terest for such taxable year and all preceding taxable years has been treated as paid or ac-crued under clause (ii). ‘‘(iii) B
ASIS ADJUSTMENTS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The adjusted basis of a partner in a partnership interest shall be re-duced (but not below zero) by the amount of excess business interest allocated to the partner under clause (i)(II). ‘‘(II) SPECIAL RULE FOR DISPOSITIONS .—If a partner disposes of a partnership interest, the adjusted basis of the partner in the part-nership interest shall be increased imme-diately before the disposition by the amount of the excess (if any) of the amount of the basis reduction under subclause (I) over the portion of any excess business interest allo-cated to the partner under clause (i)(II) which has previously been treated under clause (ii) as business interest paid or ac-crued by the partner. The preceding sentence shall also apply to transfers of the partner-ship interest (including by reason of death) in a transaction in which gain is not recog-nized in whole or in part. No deduction shall be allowed to the transferor or transferee under this chapter for any excess business interest resulting in a basis increase under this subclause. ‘‘(C) E
XCESS TAXABLE INCOME .—The term ‘excess taxable income’ means, with respect to any partnership, the amount which bears the same ratio to the partnership’s adjusted taxable income as— ‘‘(i) the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(I) the amount determined for the part-nership under paragraph (1)(B), over ‘‘(II) the amount (if any) by which the business interest of the partnership exceeds the business interest income of the partner-ship, bears to ‘‘(ii) the amount determined for the part-nership under paragraph (1)(B). ‘‘(D) A
PPLICATION TO S CORPORATIONS .— Rules similar to the rules of subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall apply with respect to any S corporation and its shareholders. ‘‘(5) B
USINESS INTEREST .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘business interest’ means any interest paid or accrued on in-debtedness properly allocable to a trade or business. Such term shall not include invest-ment interest (within the meaning of sub-section (d)). ‘‘(6) B
USINESS INTEREST INCOME .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘business interest income’ means the amount of inter-est includible in the gross income of the tax-payer for the taxable year which is properly allocable to a trade or business. Such term shall not include investment income (within the meaning of subsection (d)). ‘‘(7) T
RADE OR BUSINESS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘trade or busi-ness’ shall not include— ‘‘(i) the trade or business of performing services as an employee, ‘‘(ii) any electing real property trade or business, ‘‘(iii) any electing farming business, or ‘‘(iv) the trade or business of the fur-nishing or sale of— ‘‘(I) electrical energy, water, or sewage dis-posal services, ‘‘(II) gas or steam through a local distribu-tion system, or ‘‘(III) transportation of gas or steam by pipeline, if the rates for such furnishing or sale, as the case may be, have been established or ap-proved by a State or political subdivision thereof, by any agency or instrumentality of the United States, by a public service or pub-lic utility commission or other similar body of any State or political subdivision thereof, or by the governing or ratemaking body of an electric cooperative. ‘‘(B) E
LECTING REAL PROPERTY TRADE OR  
BUSINESS .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘electing real property trade or business’ means any trade or business which is described in section 469(c)(7)(C) and which makes an election under this subparagraph. Any such election shall be made at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe, and, once made, shall be irrev-ocable. ‘‘(C) ELECTING FARMING BUSINESS .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘electing farming business’ means a farming business (as defined in section 263A(e)(4)) which makes an election under this subparagraph. Any such election shall be made at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe, and, once made, shall be irrev-ocable. ‘‘(8) A
DJUSTED TAXABLE INCOME .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘adjusted taxable income’ means the taxable income of the taxpayer— ‘‘(A) computed without regard to— ‘‘(i) any item of income, gain, deduction, or loss which is not properly allocable to a trade or business, ‘‘(ii) any business interest or business in-terest income, ‘‘(iii) the amount of any net operating loss deduction under section 172, and ‘‘(iv) the amount of any deduction allowed under section 199 or 199A, and ‘‘(B) computed with such other adjust-ments as provided by the Secretary. ‘‘(9) C
ROSS REFERENCES .— ‘‘(A) For requirement that an electing real property trade or business use the alter-native depreciation system, see section 168(g)(1)(F). ‘‘(B) For requirement that an electing farming business use the alternative depre-ciation system, see section 168(g)(1)(G).’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF CARRYFORWARD OF DIS-
ALLOWED BUSINESS INTEREST IN CERTAIN COR-
PORATE ACQUISITIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 381(c) is amended by inserting after paragraph (19) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(20) C
ARRYFORWARD OF DISALLOWED BUSI -
NESS INTEREST .—The carryover of disallowed business interest described in section 163(j)(2) to taxable years ending after the date of distribution or transfer.’’. (2) A
PPLICATION OF LIMITATION .—Section 382(d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION TO CARRYFORWARD OF DIS -
ALLOWED INTEREST .—The term ‘pre-change loss’ shall include any carryover of dis-allowed interest described in section 163(n) under rules similar to the rules of paragraph (1).’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 382(k)(1) is amended by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘Such term shall include any corporation entitled to use a carryforward of disallowed interest de-scribed in section 381(c)(20).’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13302. MODIFICATION OF NET OPERATING LOSS DEDUCTION. 
(a) L IMITATION ON DEDUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 172(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) D
EDUCTION ALLOWED .—There shall be allowed as a deduction for the taxable year an amount equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(1) the aggregate of the net operating loss carryovers to such year, plus the net oper-ating loss carrybacks to such year, or ‘‘(2) 90 percent (80 percent in the case of taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022) of taxable income computed without re-gard to the deduction allowable under this section. For purposes of this subtitle, the term ‘net operating loss deduction’ means the deduc-tion allowed by this subsection.’’. (2) C
OORDINATION OF LIMITATION WITH  
CARRYBACKS AND CARRYOVERS .—Section 172(b)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7435 November 29, 2017 
computed—’’ and all that follows and insert-ing ‘‘shall— ‘‘(A) be computed with the modifications specified in subsection (d) other than para-graphs (1), (4), and (5) thereof, and by deter-mining the amount of the net operating loss deduction without regard to the net oper-ating loss for the loss year or for any taxable year thereafter, ‘‘(B) not be considered to be less than zero, and ‘‘(C) not exceed the amount determined under subsection (a)(2) for such prior taxable year.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 172(d)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (A), by striking the pe-riod at the end of subparagraph (B) and in-serting ‘‘; and’’, and by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) subsection (a)(2) shall be applied by substituting ‘real estate investment trust taxable income (as defined in section 857(b)(2) but without regard to the deduction for dividends paid (as defined in section 561))’ for ‘taxable income’.’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF NETOPERATING LOSS C
ARRYBACK ; INDEFINITE CARRYFORWARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 172(b)(1)(A) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘shall be a net operating loss carryback to each of the 2 taxable years’’ in clause (i) and inserting ‘‘except as otherwise provided in this paragraph, shall not be a net operating loss carryback to any taxable year’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘to each of the 20 taxable years’’ in clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘to each taxable year’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 172(b)(1) is amended by striking subpara-graphs (B) through (F). (c) T
REATMENT OF FARMING LOSSES .— (1) A
LLOWANCE OF CARRYBACKS .—Section 172(b)(1), as amended by subsection (b)(2), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) F
ARMING LOSSES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any por-tion of a net operating loss for the taxable year which is a farming loss with respect to the taxpayer, such loss shall be a net oper-ating loss carryback to each of the 2 taxable years preceding the taxable year of such loss. ‘‘(ii) F
ARMING LOSS .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘farming loss’ means the lesser of— ‘‘(I) the amount which would be the net op-erating loss for the taxable year if only in-come and deductions attributable to farming businesses (as defined in section 263A(e)(4)) are taken into account, or ‘‘(II) the amount of the net operating loss for such taxable year. ‘‘(iii) C
OORDINATION WITH PARAGRAPH (2) .— For purposes of applying paragraph (2), a farming loss for any taxable year shall be treated as a separate net operating loss for such taxable year to be taken into account after the remaining portion of the net oper-ating loss for such taxable year. ‘‘(iv) E
LECTION .—Any taxpayer entitled to a 2-year carryback under clause (i) from any loss year may elect not to have such clause apply to such loss year. Such election shall be made in such manner as prescribed by the Secretary and shall be made by the due date (including extensions of time) for filing the taxpayer’s return for the taxable year of the net operating loss. Such election, once made for any taxable year, shall be irrevocable for such taxable year.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 172 is amended by striking sub-sections (f), (g), and (h), and by redesignating subsection (i) as subsection (f). (B) Section 537(b)(4) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(as in effect before the date of enact-ment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act)’’ after ‘‘as defined in section 172(f)’’. (d) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN INSURANCE  L
OSSES .— (1) T
REATMENT OF CARRYFORWARDS AND  
CARRYBACKS .—Section 172(b)(1), as amended by subsections (b)(2) and (c)(1), is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-paragraph: ‘‘(C) I
NSURANCE COMPANIES .—In the case of an insurance company (as defined in section 816(a)) other than a life insurance company, the net operating loss for any taxable year— ‘‘(i) shall be a net operating loss carryback to each of the 2 taxable years preceding the taxable year of such loss, and ‘‘(ii) shall be a net operating loss carryover to each of the 20 taxable years following the taxable year of the loss.’’. (2) E
XEMPTION FROM LIMITATION .—Section 172, as amended by subsection (c)(2)(A), is amended by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g) and inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE FOR INSURANCE COMPA -
NIES.—In the case of an insurance company (as defined in section 816(a)) other than a life insurance company— ‘‘(1) the amount of the deduction allowed under subsection (a) shall be the aggregate of the net operating loss carryovers to such year, plus the net operating loss carrybacks to such year, and ‘‘(2) subparagraph (C) of subsection (b)(2) shall not apply.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) N
ET OPERATING LOSS LIMITATION .—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (d)(2) shall apply to losses arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) C
ARRYFORWARDS AND CARRYBACKS .—The amendments made by subsections (b), (c), and (d)(1) shall apply to net operating losses arising in taxable years ending after Decem-ber 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13303. LIKE-KIND EXCHANGES OF REAL PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1031(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘property’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘real property’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Paragraph (2) of section 1031(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR REAL PROPERTY HELD  
FOR SALE .—This subsection shall not apply to any exchange of real property held pri-marily for sale.’’. (2) Section 1031 is amended by striking sub-sections (e). (3) Section 1031, as amended by paragraph (2), is amended by inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION TO CERTAIN PARTNER -
SHIPS .—For purposes of this section, an in-terest in a partnership which has in effect a valid election under section 761(a) to be ex-cluded from the application of all of sub-chapter K shall be treated as an interest in each of the assets of such partnership and not as an interest in a partnership.’’. (4) Section 1031(h) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR FOREIGN REAL P
ROPERTY .—Real property located in the United States and real property located out-side the United States are not property of a like kind.’’. (5) Section 1031(i) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) S
PECIAL RULES FOR MUTUAL DITCH, R
ESERVOIR , ORIRRIGATION COMPANY STOCK .— For purposes of subsection (a), shares in a mutual ditch, reservoir, or irrigation com-pany shall be treated as real property if at the time of the exchange— ‘‘(1) the mutual ditch, reservoir, or irriga-tion company is an organization described in section 501(c)(12)(A) (determined without re-gard to the percentage of its income that is collected from its members for the purpose of meeting losses and expenses), and ‘‘(2) the shares in such company have been recognized by the highest court of the State in which such company was organized or by applicable State statute as constituting or representing real property or an interest in real property.’’. (6) The heading of section 1031 is amended by striking ‘‘PROPERTY ’’ and inserting ‘‘ REAL  
PROPERTY ’’. (7) The table of sections for part III of sub-chapter O of chapter 1 is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 1031 and in-serting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 1031. Exchange of real property held for productive use or invest-ment.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to ex-changes completed after December 31, 2017. (2) T
RANSITION RULE .—The amendments made by this section shall not apply to any exchange if— (A) the property disposed of by the tax-payer in the exchange is disposed of on or be-fore December 31 2017, or (B) the property received by the taxpayer in the exchange is received on or before De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13304. LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION BY EM-PLOYERS OF EXPENSES FOR FRINGE BENEFITS. 
(a) N ODEDUCTION ALLOWED FOR ENTERTAIN -
MENT EXPENSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 274(a) is amend-ed— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘un-less’’ and all that follows through ‘‘trade or business,’’, (B) by striking the flush sentence at the end of paragraph (1), and (C) by striking paragraph (2)(C). (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 274(d) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-nating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively, and (ii) in the flush text following paragraph (3) (as so redesignated)— (I) by striking ‘‘, entertainment, amuse-ment, recreation, or use of the facility or property,’’ in item (B), and (II) by striking ‘‘(D) the business relation-ship to the taxpayer of persons entertained, using the facility or property, or receiving the gift’’ and inserting ‘‘(D) the business re-lationship to the taxpayer of the person re-ceiving the benefit’’, (B) Section 274 is amended by striking sub-section (l). (C) Section 274(n) is amended by striking ‘‘
ANDENTERTAINMENT ’’ in the heading. (D) Section 274(n)(1) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount allowable as a deduction under this chapter for any ex-pense for food or beverages shall not exceed 50 percent of the amount of such expense which would (but for this paragraph) be al-lowable as a deduction under this chapter.’’. (E) Section 274(n)(2) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘in the case of an expense for food or beverages,’’, (ii) by striking subparagraph (C) and redes-ignating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as sub-paragraphs (C) and (D), respectively, (iii) by striking ‘‘of subparagraph (E)’’ the last sentence and inserting ‘‘of subparagraph (D)’’, and (iv) by striking ‘‘in subparagraph (D)’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘in subpara-graph (C)’’. (F) Clause (iv) of section 7701(b)(5)(A) is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7436 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(iv) a professional athlete who is tempo-rarily in the United States to compete in a sports event— ‘‘(I) which is organized for the primary purpose of benefiting an organization which is described in section 501(c)(3) and exempt from tax under section 501(a), ‘‘(II) all of the net proceeds of which are contributed to such organization, and, ‘‘(III) which utilizes volunteers for sub-stantially all of the work performed in car-rying out such event.’’. (b) O
NLY 50 P ERCENT OF EXPENSES FOR  M
EALS PROVIDED ON OR NEAR BUSINESS  P
REMISES ALLOWED AS DEDUCTION .—Para- graph (2) of section 274(n), as amended by subsection (a), is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (B), (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively, (3) by striking ‘‘of subparagraph (D)’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘of subpara-graph (C)’’, and (4) by striking ‘‘in subparagraph (C)’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘in subpara-graph (B)’’. (c) T
REATMENT OF TRANSPORTATION BENE-
FITS.—Section 274, as amended by subsection (a), is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
ORRECRE -
ATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘R ECREATION , ORQUALI-
FIED TRANSPORTATION FRINGES ’’, and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED TRANSPORTATION FRINGES .— No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for the expense of any qualified transportation fringe (as defined in section 132(f)) provided to an employee of the tax-payer.’’, and (2) by inserting after subsection (k) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(l) T
RANSPORTATION AND COMMUTING BEN-
EFITS .—No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for any expense incurred for providing any transportation, or any pay-ment or reimbursement, to an employee of the taxpayer in connection with travel be-tween the employee’s residence and place of employment, except as necessary for ensur-ing the safety of the employee.’’. (d) E
LIMINATION OF DEDUCTION FOR MEALS  P
ROVIDED AT CONVENIENCE OF EMPLOYER .— Section 274, as amended by subsection (c), is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (o) as sub-section (p), and (2) by inserting after subsection (n) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(o) M
EALS PROVIDED AT CONVENIENCE OF  E
MPLOYER .—No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for— ‘‘(1) any expense for the operation of a fa-cility described in section 132(e)(2), and any expense for food or beverages, including under section 132(e)(1), associated with such facility, or ‘‘(2) any expense for meals described in sec-tion 119(a).’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts incurred or paid after December 31, 2017. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE FOR ELIMINATION OF DE -
DUCTION FOR MEALS PROVIDED AT CONVENIENCE  
OF EMPLOYER .—The amendments made by subsection (d) shall apply to amounts in-curred or paid after December 31, 2025. 
SEC. 13305. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO DOMESTIC PRO-DUCTION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VI of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 199 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Sections 74(d)(2)(B), 86(b)(2)(A), 135(c)(4)(A), 137(b)(3)(A), 219(g)(3)(A)(ii), 221(b)(2)(C), 222(b)(2)(C), 246(b)(1), and 469(i)(3)(F)(iii) are each amended by striking ‘‘199,’’. (2) Section 170(b)(2)(D), as amended by sec-tion 11011, is amended by striking clause (iv) and by redesignating clauses (v) and (vi) as redesignating clauses (iv) as clause (v), re-spectively. (3) Section 172(d) is amended by striking paragraph (7). (4) Section 613(a) is amended by striking ‘‘and without the deduction under section 199’’. (5) Section 613A(d)(1) is amended by strik-ing subparagraph (B) and by redesignating subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) as subpara-graphs (B), (C), and (D). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 13306. DENIAL OF DEDUCTION FOR CERTAIN FINES, PENALTIES, AND OTHER AMOUNTS. 
(a) D ENIAL OF DEDUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (f) of section 162 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) F
INES, P ENALTIES , AND OTHER  A
MOUNTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in the following paragraphs of this subsection, no deduction otherwise allowable shall be al-lowed under this chapter for any amount paid or incurred (whether by suit, agree-ment, or otherwise) to, or at the direction of, a government or governmental entity in re-lation to the violation of any law or the in-vestigation or inquiry by such government or entity into the potential violation of any law. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR AMOUNTS CONSTITUTING  
RESTITUTION OR PAID TO COME INTO COMPLI -
ANCE WITH LAW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any amount that— ‘‘(i) the taxpayer establishes— ‘‘(I) constitutes restitution (including re-mediation of property) for damage or harm which was or may be caused by the violation of any law or the potential violation of any law, or ‘‘(II) is paid to come into compliance with any law which was violated or otherwise in-volved in the investigation or inquiry de-scribed in paragraph (1), ‘‘(ii) is identified as restitution or as an amount paid to come into compliance with such law, as the case may be, in the court order or settlement agreement, and ‘‘(iii) in the case of any amount of restitu-tion for failure to pay any tax imposed under this title in the same manner as if such amount were such tax, would have been al-lowed as a deduction under this chapter if it had been timely paid. The identification under clause (ii) alone shall not be sufficient to make the establish-ment required under clause (i). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any amount paid or incurred as reimbursement to the government or entity for the costs of any investigation or litiga-tion. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR AMOUNTS PAID OR IN -
CURRED AS THE RESULT OF CERTAIN COURT OR -
DERS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any amount paid or incurred by reason of any order of a court in a suit in which no govern-ment or governmental entity is a party. ‘‘(4) E
XCEPTION FOR TAXES DUE .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any amount paid or in-curred as taxes due. ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN NONGOVERN -
MENTAL REGULATORY ENTITIES .—For purposes of this subsection, the following nongovern-mental entities shall be treated as govern-mental entities: ‘‘(A) Any nongovernmental entity which exercises self-regulatory powers (including imposing sanctions) in connection with a qualified board or exchange (as defined in section 1256(g)(7)). ‘‘(B) To the extent provided in regulations, any nongovernmental entity which exercises self-regulatory powers (including imposing sanctions) as part of performing an essential governmental function.’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to amounts paid or incurred on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, except that such amendments shall not apply to amounts paid or incurred under any binding order or agreement entered into before such date. Such exception shall not apply to an order or agreement requiring court approval unless the approval was obtained before such date. (b) R
EPORTING OF DEDUCTIBLE AMOUNTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subpart B of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 is amended by in-serting after section 6050W the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6050X. INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN FINES, PENALTIES, AND OTHER AMOUNTS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT OF REPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The appropriate official of any government or any entity described in section 162(f)(5) which is involved in a suit or agreement described in paragraph (2) shall make a return in such form as determined by the Secretary setting forth— ‘‘(A) the amount required to be paid as a result of the suit or agreement to which paragraph (1) of section 162(f) applies, ‘‘(B) any amount required to be paid as a result of the suit or agreement which con-stitutes restitution or remediation of prop-erty, and ‘‘(C) any amount required to be paid as a result of the suit or agreement for the pur-pose of coming into compliance with any law which was violated or involved in the inves-tigation or inquiry. ‘‘(2) S
UIT OR AGREEMENT DESCRIBED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A suit or agreement is described in this paragraph if— ‘‘(i) it is— ‘‘(I) a suit with respect to a violation of any law over which the government or entity has authority and with respect to which there has been a court order, or ‘‘(II) an agreement which is entered into with respect to a violation of any law over which the government or entity has author-ity, or with respect to an investigation or in-quiry by the government or entity into the potential violation of any law over which such government or entity has authority, and ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount involved in all court orders and agreements with respect to the violation, investigation, or inquiry is $600 or more. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT OF REPORTING THRESH -
OLD.—The Secretary shall adjust the $600 amount in subparagraph (A)(ii) as necessary in order to ensure the efficient administra-tion of the internal revenue laws. ‘‘(3) T
IME OF FILING .—The return required under this subsection shall be filed at the time the agreement is entered into, as deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) S
TATEMENTS TOBEFURNISHED TO INDI-
VIDUALS INVOLVED IN THE SETTLEMENT .— Every person required to make a return under subsection (a) shall furnish to each person who is a party to the suit or agree-ment a written statement showing— ‘‘(1) the name of the government or entity, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7437 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(2) the information supplied to the Sec-retary under subsection (a)(1). The written statement required under the preceding sentence shall be furnished to the person at the same time the government or entity provides the Secretary with the infor-mation required under subsection (a). ‘‘(c) A
PPROPRIATE OFFICIAL DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘appro-priate official’ means the officer or employee having control of the suit, investigation, or inquiry or the person appropriately des-ignated for purposes of this section.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subpart B of part III of sub-chapter A of chapter 61 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 6050W the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 6050X. Information with respect to certain fines, penalties, and other amounts.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to amounts paid or incurred on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, except that such amendments shall not apply to amounts paid or incurred under any binding order or agreement entered into before such date. Such exception shall not apply to an order or agreement requiring court approval unless the approval was obtained before such date. 
SEC. 13307. DENIAL OF DEDUCTION FOR SETTLE-MENTS SUBJECT TO NONDISCLO-SURE AGREEMENTS PAID IN CON-NECTION WITH SEXUAL HARASS-MENT OR SEXUAL ABUSE. 
(a) D ENIAL OF DEDUCTION .—Section 162 is amended by redesignating subsection (q) as subsection (r) and by inserting after sub-section (p) the following new subsection: ‘‘(q) P
AYMENTS RELATED TO SEXUAL HAR-
ASSMENT AND SEXUAL ABUSE .—No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for— ‘‘(1) any settlement or payment related to sexual harassment or sexual abuse if such settlement or payment is subject to a non-disclosure agreement, or ‘‘(2) attorney’s fees related to such a set-tlement or payment.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 13308. UNIFORM TREATMENT OF EXPENSES IN CONTINGENCY FEE CASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 162, as amended by section 13307, is amended by redesignating subsection (r) as subsection (s) and by insert-ing after subsection (q) the following new subsection: ‘‘(r) E
XPENSES IN CONTINGENCY FEE C
ASES.—No deduction shall be allowed under subsection (a) to a taxpayer for any ex-pense— ‘‘(1) paid or incurred in the course of the trade or business of practicing law, and ‘‘(2) resulting from a case for which the taxpayer is compensated primarily on a con-tingent basis, until such time as such contingency is re-solved.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to expenses and costs paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 13309. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR LOCAL LOBBYING EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 162(e) is amended by striking paragraphs (2) and (7) and by re-designating paragraphs (3), (4), (5), (6), and (8) as paragraphs (2), (3), (4), (5), and (6), respec-tively. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 6033(e)(1)(B)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 162(e)(5)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 162(e)(4)(B)(ii)’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 13310. RECHARACTERIZATION OF CERTAIN GAINS IN THE CASE OF PARTNER-SHIP PROFITS INTERESTS HELD IN CONNECTION WITH PERFORMANCE OF INVESTMENT SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part IV of subchapter O of chapter 1 is amended— (1) by redesignating section 1061 as section 1062, and (2) by inserting after section 1060 the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 1061. PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS HELD IN CONNECTION WITH PERFORMANCE OF SERVICES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If one or more applica-ble partnership interests are held by a tax-payer at any time during the taxable year, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(1) the taxpayer’s net long-term capital gain with respect to such interests for such taxable year, over ‘‘(2) the taxpayer’s net long-term capital gain with respect to such interests for such taxable year computed by applying para-graphs (3) and (4) of sections 1222 by sub-stituting ‘3 years’ for ‘1 year’, shall be treated as short-term capital gain, notwithstanding section 83 or any election in effect under section 83(b). ‘‘(b) S
PECIAL RULE.—To the extent pro-vided by the Secretary, subsection (a) shall not apply to income or gain attributable to any asset not held for portfolio investment on behalf of third party investors. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABLE PARTNERSHIP INTEREST .— For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in this paragraph or paragraph (4), the term ‘applicable partnership interest’ means any interest in a partnership which, directly or indirectly, is transferred to (or is held by) the taxpayer in connection with the perform-ance of substantial services by the taxpayer, or any other related person, in any applica-ble trade or business. The previous sentence shall not apply to an interest held by a per-son who is employed by another entity that is conducting a trade or business (other than an applicable trade or business) and only provides services to such other entity. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE TRADE OR BUSINESS .—The term ‘applicable trade or business’ means any activity conducted on a regular, contin-uous, and substantial basis which, regardless of whether the activity is conducted in one or more entities, consists, in whole or in part, of— ‘‘(A) raising or returning capital, and ‘‘(B) either— ‘‘(i) investing in (or disposing of) specified assets (or identifying specified assets for such investing or disposition), or ‘‘(ii) developing specified assets. ‘‘(3) S
PECIFIED ASSET .—The term ‘specified asset’ means securities (as defined in section 475(c)(2) without regard to the last sentence thereof), commodities (as defined in section 475(e)(2)), real estate held for rental or in-vestment, cash or cash equivalents, options or derivative contracts with respect to any of the foregoing, and an interest in a part-nership to the extent of the partnership’s proportionate interest in any of the fore-going. ‘‘(4) E
XCEPTIONS .—The term ‘applicable partnership interest’ shall not include— ‘‘(A) any interest in a partnership directly or indirectly held by a corporation, or ‘‘(B) any capital interest in the partnership which provides the taxpayer with a right to share in partnership capital commensurate with— ‘‘(i) the amount of capital contributed (de-termined at the time of receipt of such part-nership interest), or ‘‘(ii) the value of such interest subject to tax under section 83 upon the receipt or vest-ing of such interest. ‘‘(5) THIRD PARTY INVESTOR .—The term ‘third party investor’ means a person who— ‘‘(A) holds an interest in the partnership which does not constitute property held in connection with an applicable trade or busi-ness; and ‘‘(B) is not (and has not been) actively en-gaged, and is (and was) not related to a per-son so engaged, in (directly or indirectly) providing substantial services described in paragraph (1) for such partnership or any ap-plicable trade or business. ‘‘(d) T
RANSFER OF APPLICABLE PARTNER -
SHIP INTEREST TO RELATED PERSON .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a taxpayer transfers any applicable partnership interest, directly or indirectly, to a person related to the tax-payer, the taxpayer shall include in gross in-come (as short term capital gain) the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) so much of the taxpayer’s long-term capital gains with respect to such interest for such taxable year attributable to the sale or exchange of any asset held for not more than 3 years as is allocable to such interest, over ‘‘(B) any amount treated as short term capital gain under subsection (a) with re-spect to the transfer of such interest. ‘‘(2) R
ELATED PERSON .—For purposes of this paragraph, a person is related to the tax-payer if— ‘‘(A) the person is a member of the tax-payer’s family within the meaning of section 318(a)(1), or ‘‘(B) the person performed a service within the current calendar year or the preceding three calendar years in any applicable trade or business in which or for which the tax-payer performed a service. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTING .—The Secretary shall re-quire such reporting (at the time and in the manner prescribed by the Secretary) as is necessary to carry out the purposes of this section. ‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as is necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part IV of subchapter O of chap-ter 1 is amended by striking the item relat-ing to 1061 and inserting the following new items: ‘‘Sec. 1061. Partnership interests held in connection with performance of services. ‘‘Sec. 1062. Cross references.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART V—BUSINESS CREDITS Subpart A—General Provisions 
SEC. 13401. MODIFICATION OF ORPHAN DRUG CREDIT. 
(a) C REDIT RATE.—Subsection (a) of section 45C is amended by striking ‘‘50 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘27.5 percent’’. (b) D
ISCLOSURE OF CREDITS .—Section 45C is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) D
ISCLOSURE OF CREDITS .—The Sec-retary shall publicly disclose the identity of any taxpayer (in the case of a pass-thru enti-ty, the name of the entity) to whom a credit is allowed under this section, as well as the amount of such credit, the drug with respect to which the qualified clinical testing ex-penses were taken into account under this section, and the rare disease or condition for which such drug was being tested.’’. (c) E
LECTION OF REDUCED CREDIT .—Sub- section (b) of section 280C is amended by re-designating paragraph (3) as paragraph (4) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7438 November 29, 2017 
and by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) E
LECTION OF REDUCED CREDIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year for which an election is made under this paragraph— ‘‘(i) paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply, and ‘‘(ii) the amount of the credit under sec-tion 45C(a) shall be the amount determined under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT OF REDUCED CREDIT .—The amount of credit determined under this sub-paragraph for any taxable year shall be the amount equal to the excess of— ‘‘(i) the amount of credit determined under section 45C(a) without regard to this para-graph, over ‘‘(ii) the product of— ‘‘(I) the amount described in clause (i), and ‘‘(II) the maximum rate of tax under sec-tion 11(b). ‘‘(C) E
LECTION .—An election under this paragraph for any taxable year shall be made not later than the time for filing the return of tax for such year (including extensions), shall be made on such return, and shall be made in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe. Such an election, once made, shall be irrevocable.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13402. REHABILITATION CREDIT LIMITED TO CERTIFIED HISTORIC STRUCTURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 47 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL RULE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 46, for any taxable year during the 5-year pe-riod beginning in the taxable year in which a qualified rehabilitated building is placed in service, the rehabilitation credit for such year is an amount equal to the ratable share for such year. ‘‘(2) R
ATABLE SHARE .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the ratable share for any tax-able year during the period described in such paragraph is the amount equal to 20 percent of the qualified rehabilitation expenditures with respect to the qualified rehabilitated building, as allocated ratably to each year during such period.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 47(c) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by amending clause (iii) to read as follows: ‘‘(iii) such building is a certified historic structure, and’’, (ii) by striking subparagraph (B), and (iii) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively, and (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by amending clause (iv) to read as follows: ‘‘(iv) C
ERTIFIED HISTORIC STRUCTURE .—Any expenditure attributable to the rehabilita-tion of a qualified rehabilitated building un-less the rehabilitation is a certified rehabili-tation (within the meaning of subparagraph (C)).’’. (2) Paragraph (4) of section 145(d) is amend-ed— (A) by striking ‘‘of section 47(c)(1)(C)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘of section 47(c)(1)(B)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘section 47(c)(1)(C)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 47(c)(1)(B)(i)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or in-curred after December 31, 2017. (2) T
RANSITION RULE .—In the case of quali-fied rehabilitation expenditures with respect to any building— (A) owned or leased by the taxpayer during the entirety of the period after December 31, 2017, and (B) with respect to which the 24-month pe-riod selected by the taxpayer under section 47(c)(1)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended by subsection (b)) begins not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the amendments made by this section shall apply to such expenditures paid or incurred after the end of the taxable year in which the 24-month period referred to in subpara-graph (B) ends. SEC. 13403. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR CER-TAIN UNUSED BUSINESS CREDITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VI of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 196 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13404. EMPLOYER CREDIT FOR PAID FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) A
LLOWANCE OF CREDIT .—Subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 45S. EMPLOYER CREDIT FOR PAID FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF CREDIT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 38, in the case of an eligible employer, the paid family and medical leave credit is an amount equal to the applicable percentage of the amount of wages paid to qualifying em-ployees during any period in which such em-ployees are on family and medical leave. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For pur- poses of paragraph (1), the term ‘applicable percentage’ means 12.5 percent increased (but not above 25 percent) by 0.25 percentage points for each percentage point by which the rate of payment (as described under sub-section (c)(1)(B)) exceeds 50 percent. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The credit allowed under subsection (a) with respect to any employee for any taxable year shall not exceed an amount equal to the product of the normal hourly wage rate of such employee for each hour (or fraction thereof) of actual services performed for the employer and the number of hours (or fraction thereof) for which fam-ily and medical leave is taken. ‘‘(2) N
ON-HOURLY WAGE RATE .—For purposes of paragraph (1), in the case of any employee who is not paid on an hourly wage rate, the wages of such employee shall be prorated to an hourly wage rate under regulations estab-lished by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF LEAVE SUBJECT TO  
CREDIT .—The amount of family and medical leave that may be taken into account with respect to any employee under subsection (a) for any taxable year shall not exceed 12 weeks. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE EMPLOYER .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible em-ployer’ means any employer who has in place a policy that meets the following require-ments: ‘‘(A) The policy provides— ‘‘(i) in the case of a qualifying employee who is not a part-time employee (as defined in section 4980E(d)(4)(B)), not less than 2 weeks of annual paid family and medical leave, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of a qualifying employee who is a part-time employee, an amount of annual paid family and medical leave that is not less than an amount which bears the same ratio to the amount of annual paid family and medical leave that is provided to a qualifying employee described in clause (i) as— ‘‘(I) the number of hours the employee is expected to work during any week, bears to ‘‘(II) the number of hours an equivalent qualifying employee described in clause (i) is expected to work during the week. ‘‘(B) The policy requires that the rate of payment under the program is not less than 50 percent of the wages normally paid to such employee for services performed for the employer. ‘‘(2) SPECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN EMPLOY -
ERS.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An added employer shall not be treated as an eligible employer unless such employer provides paid family and med-ical leave in compliance with a policy which ensures that the employer— ‘‘(i) will not interfere with, restrain, or deny the exercise of or the attempt to exer-cise, any right provided under the policy, and ‘‘(ii) will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against any individual for opposing any practice prohibited by the policy. ‘‘(B) A
DDED EMPLOYER ; ADDED EMPLOYEE .— For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) A
DDED EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘added employee’ means a qualifying employee who is not covered by title I of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, as amended. ‘‘(ii) A
DDED EMPLOYER .—The term ‘added employer’ means an eligible employer (deter-mined without regard to this paragraph), whether or not covered by that title I, who offers paid family and medical leave to added employees. ‘‘(3) A
GGREGATION RULE .—All persons which are treated as a single employer under sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 52 shall be treated as a single taxpayer. ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF BENEFITS MANDATED OR  
PAID FOR BY STATE OR LOCAL GOVERNMENTS .— For purposes of this section, any leave which is paid by a State or local government or re-quired by State or local law shall not be taken into account in determining the amount of paid family and medical leave provided by the employer. ‘‘(5) N
O INFERENCE .—Nothing in this sub-section shall be construed as subjecting an employer to any penalty, liability, or other consequence (other than ineligibility for the credit allowed by reason of subsection (a) or recapturing the benefit of such credit) for failure to comply with the requirements of this subsection. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFYING EMPLOYEES .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘qualifying em-ployee’ means any employee (as defined in section 3(e) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended) who— ‘‘(1) has been employed by the employer for 1 year or more, and ‘‘(2) for the preceding year, had compensa-tion not in excess of an amount equal to 60 percent of the amount applicable for such year under clause (i) of section 414(q)(1)(B). ‘‘(e) F
AMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), for purposes of this section, the term ‘family and medical leave’ means leave for any 1 or more of the purposes de-scribed under subparagraph (A), (B), (C), (D), or (E) of paragraph (1), or paragraph (3), of section 102(a) of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, as amended, whether the leave is provided under that Act or by a pol-icy of the employer. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION .—If an employer provides paid leave as vacation leave, personal leave, or medical or sick leave (other than leave specifically for 1 or more of the purposes re-ferred to in paragraph (1)), that paid leave 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7439 November 29, 2017 
shall not be considered to be family and med-ical leave under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the terms ‘vacation leave’, ‘personal leave’, and ‘medical or sick leave’ mean those 3 types of leave, within the meaning of section 102(d)(2) of that Act. ‘‘(f) W
AGES .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘wages’ has the meaning given such term by subsection (b) of section 3306 (deter-mined without regard to any dollar limita-tion contained in such section). Such term shall not include any amount taken into ac-count for purposes of determining any other credit allowed under this subpart. ‘‘(g) E
LECTION TO HAVE CREDIT NOT A
PPLY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A taxpayer may elect to have this section not apply for any taxable year. ‘‘(2) O
THER RULES .—Rules similar to the rules of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 51(j) shall apply for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(h) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall not apply to wages paid in taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2019.’’. (b) C
REDIT PART OF GENERAL BUSINESS  C
REDIT .—Section 38(b) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘plus’’ at the end of paragraph (35), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (36) and inserting ‘‘, plus’’, and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(37) in the case of an eligible employer (as defined in section 45S(c)), the paid family and medical leave credit determined under section 45S(a).’’. (c) C
REDIT ALLOWED AGAINST AMT.—Sub- paragraph (B) of section 38(c)(4) is amended by redesignating clauses (ix) through (xi) as clauses (x) through (xii), respectively, and by inserting after clause (viii) the following new clause: ‘‘(ix) the credit determined under section 45S,’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) D
ENIAL OF DOUBLE BENEFIT .—Section 280C(a) is amended by inserting ‘‘45S(a),’’ after ‘‘45P(a),’’. (2) E
LECTION TO HAVE CREDIT NOT APPLY .— Section 6501(m) is amended by inserting ‘‘45S(g),’’ after ‘‘45H(g),’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subpart D of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 45S. Employer credit for paid family and medical leave.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to wages paid in taxable years beginning after Decem-ber 31, 2017. Subpart B—Provisions Relating to Low- income Housing Credit 
SEC. 13411. RECONSTRUCTION OR REPLACEMENT PERIOD AFTER CASUALTY LOSS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (E) of sec-tion 42(j)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘a rea-sonable period established by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘a reasonable period estab-lished by the applicable housing credit agen-cy (not to exceed 25 months from the date on which the casualty loss arises). The deter-mination under paragraph (1) shall not be made with respect to a property the basis of which is affected by a casualty loss until the period described in the preceding sentence with respect to such property has expired.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to casualty losses arising after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 13412. MODIFICATION OF RIGHTS RELATING TO BUILDING PURCHASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (A) of sec-tion 42(i)(7) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘a right of 1st refusal’’ and inserting ‘‘an option’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘the property’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the property or a partnership interest relating to the property’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subpara- graph (B) of section 42(i)(7) is amended by adding at the end the following new sen-tence: ‘‘In the case of a purchase of a part-nership interest, the minimum purchase price is an amount equal to such interest’s ratable share of the amount determined under the first sentence of this subpara-graph.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to agree-ments entered into or amended after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 13413. DETERMINATION OF COMMUNITY RE-VITALIZATION PLAN TO BE MADE BY HOUSING CREDIT AGENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subclause (III) of section 42(m)(1)(B)(ii) is amended by inserting ‘‘, as determined by the housing credit agency ac-cording to criteria established by such agen-cy,’’ after ‘‘(d)(5)(C)) and’’. (b) C
RITERIA .—Paragraph (1) of section 42(m) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) C
RITERIA FOR DETERMINATION RELAT -
ING TO CONCERTED COMMUNITY REVITALIZATION  
PLAN .—For purposes of subparagraph (B)(ii)(III), the criteria for determining whether the development of a project con-tributes to a concerted community develop-ment plan shall take into account any fac-tors the agency deems appropriate, including the extent to which the proposed plan— ‘‘(i) is geographically specific, ‘‘(ii) outlines a clear plan for implementa-tion and goals for outcomes, ‘‘(iii) includes a strategy for applying for or obtaining commitments of public or pri-vate investment (or both) in nonhousing in-frastructure, amenities, or services, and ‘‘(iv) demonstrates the need for community revitalization.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to alloca-tions of housing credit dollar amounts made under qualified allocation plans (as defined in section 42(m)(1)(B) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986) adopted after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13414. PROHIBITION OF LOCAL APPROVAL AND CONTRIBUTION REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 42(m), as amended by section 13413, is further amended— (1) by striking clause (ii) of subparagraph (A) and by redesignating clauses (iii) and (iv) thereof as clauses (ii) and (iii), and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) L
OCAL APPROVAL OR CONTRIBUTION NOT  
TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT .—The selection criteria under a qualified allocation plan shall not include consideration of— ‘‘(i) any support or opposition with respect to the project from local or elected officials, or ‘‘(ii) any local government contribution to the project, except to the extent such con-tribution is taken into account as part of a broader consideration of the project’s ability to leverage outside funding sources, and is not prioritized over any other source of out-side funding.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to alloca-tions of housing credit dollar amounts made after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13415. SELECTION CRITERIA UNDER QUALI-FIED ALLOCATION PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (C) of sec-tion 42(m)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (ix), by striking the pe-riod at the end of clause (x) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(xi) the affordable housing needs of indi-viduals in the State who are members of In-dian tribes (as defined in section 45A(c)(6)).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to alloca-tions of credits under section 42 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 made after Decem-ber 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13416. AFFORDABLE HOUSING TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The heading of section 42 is amended by striking ‘‘
LOW-INCOME ’’ and in- serting ‘‘
AFFORDABLE ’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Subsection (a) of section 42 is amended by striking ‘‘low-income’’ and inserting ‘‘af-fordable’’. (2) Paragraph (5) of section 38(b) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘low-income’’ and inserting ‘‘affordable’’. (3) The heading of subparagraph (D) of sec-tion 469(i)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘
LOW-IN-
COME ’’ and inserting ‘‘ AFFORDABLE ’’. (4) The heading of subparagraph (B) of sec-tion 469(i)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘
LOW-IN-
COME ’’ and inserting ‘‘ AFFORDABLE ’’. (5) Paragraph (7) of section 772(a) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘low-income’’ and inserting ‘‘affordable’’. (6) Paragraph (5) of section 772(d) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘low-income’’ and inserting ‘‘affordable’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The item relat-ing to section 42 in the table of sections for subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chap-ter 1 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 42. Affordable housing credit.’’. PART VI—PROVISIONS RELATED TO SPECIFIC ENTITIES AND INDUSTRIES Subpart A—Partnership Provisions 
SEC. 13501. TREATMENT OF GAIN OR LOSS OF FOREIGN PERSONS FROM SALE OR EXCHANGE OF INTERESTS IN PART-NERSHIPS ENGAGED IN TRADE OR BUSINESS WITHIN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 864(c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) G
AIN OR LOSS OF FOREIGN PERSONS  
FROM SALE OR EXCHANGE OF CERTAIN PART -
NERSHIP INTERESTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this subtitle, if a non-resident alien individual or foreign corpora-tion owns, directly or indirectly, an interest in a partnership which is engaged in any trade or business within the United States, gain or loss on the sale or exchange of all (or any portion of) such interest shall be treated as effectively connected with the conduct of such trade or business to the extent such gain or loss does not exceed the amount de-termined under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT TREATED AS EFFECTIVELY CON -
NECTED .—The amount determined under this subparagraph with respect to any partner-ship interest sold or exchanged— ‘‘(i) in the case of any gain on the sale or exchange of the partnership interest, is— ‘‘(I) the portion of the partner’s distribu-tive share of the amount of gain which would have been effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States if the partnership had sold all of its assets at their fair market value as of the date of the sale or exchange of such in-terest, or ‘‘(II) zero if no gain on such deemed sale would have been so effectively connected, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of any loss on the sale or exchange of the partnership interest, is— ‘‘(I) the portion of the partner’s distribu-tive share of the amount of loss on the deemed sale described in clause (i)(I) which would have been so effectively connected, or ‘‘(II) zero if no loss on such deemed sale would be have been so effectively connected. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7440 November 29, 2017 
For purposes of this subparagraph, a part-ner’s distributive share of gain or loss on the deemed sale shall be determined in the same manner as such partner’s distributive share of the non-separately stated taxable income or loss of such partnership. ‘‘(C) C
OORDINATION WITH UNITED STATES  
REAL PROPERTY INTERESTS .—If a partnership described in subparagraph (A) holds any United States real property interest (as de-fined in section 897(c)) at the time of the sale or exchange of the partnership interest, then the gain or loss treated as effectively con-nected income under subparagraph (A) shall be reduced by the amount so treated with re-spect to such United States real property in-terest under section 897. ‘‘(D) S
ALE OR EXCHANGE .—For purposes of this paragraph, an individual or corporation shall be treated as having sold or exchanged any interest in a partnership if, under any provision of this subtitle, gain or loss is real-ized from the sale or exchange of such inter-est. ‘‘(E) S
ECRETARIAL AUTHORITY .—The Sec- retary shall prescribe such regulations as the Secretary determines appropriate for the ap-plication of this paragraph, including regula-tions which provide that, notwithstanding subparagraph (D), this paragraph applies in a case even if gain or loss from a sale or ex-change would not be realized under any other provision of this subtitle.’’. (b) W
ITHHOLDING REQUIREMENTS .—Section 1446 is amended by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g) and by inserting after subsection (e) the following: ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULES FOR WITHHOLDING ON  S
ALES OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in this subsection, if any portion of the gain (if any) on any disposition of an interest in a partnership would be treated under section 864(c)(8) as effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States, the transferee shall be re-quired to deduct and withhold a tax equal to 10 percent of the amount realized on the dis-position. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION IF NONFOREIGN AFFIDAVIT  
FURNISHED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—No person shall be re-quired to deduct and withhold any amount under paragraph (1) with respect to any dis-position if the transferor furnishes to the transferee an affidavit by the transferor stating, under penalty of perjury, the trans-feror’s United States taxpayer identification number and that the transferor is not a for-eign person. ‘‘(B) F
ALSE AFFIDAVIT .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any disposition if— ‘‘(i) the transferee has actual knowledge that the affidavit is false, or the transferee receives a notice (as described in section 1445(d)) from a transferor’s agent or trans-feree’s agent that such affidavit or state-ment is false, or ‘‘(ii) the Secretary by regulations requires the transferee to furnish a copy of such affi-davit or statement to the Secretary and the transferee fails to furnish a copy of such affi-davit or statement to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as required by such regulations. ‘‘(C) R
ULES FOR AGENTS .—The rules of sec-tion 1445(d) shall apply to a transferor’s agent or transferee’s agent with respect to any affidavit described in subparagraph (A) in the same manner as such rules apply with respect to the disposition of a United States real property interest under such section. ‘‘(3) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY TO PRESCRIBE  
REDUCED AMOUNT .—At the request of the transferor or transferee, the Secretary may prescribe a reduced amount to be withheld under this section if the Secretary deter-mines that to substitute such reduced amount will not jeopardize the collection of the tax imposed under this title with respect to gain treated under section 864(c)(8) as ef-fectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business with in the United States. ‘‘(4) PARTNERSHIP TO WITHHOLD AMOUNTS  
NOT WITHHELD BY THE TRANSFEREE .—If a transferee fails to withhold any amount re-quired to be withheld under paragraph (1), the partnership shall be required to deduct and withhold from distributions to the trans-feree a tax in an amount equal to the amount the transferee failed to withhold (plus interest under this title on such amount). ‘‘(5) D
EFINITIONS .—Any term used in this subsection which is also used under section 1445 shall have the same meaning as when used in such section. ‘‘(6) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be nec-essary to carry out the purposes of this sub-section, including regulations providing for exceptions from the provisions of this sub-section.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to sales and exchanges on or after November 27, 2017. 
SEC. 13502. MODIFY DEFINITION OF SUBSTAN-TIAL BUILT-IN LOSS IN THE CASE OF TRANSFER OF PARTNERSHIP INTER-EST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 743(d) is to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, a partnership has a substantial built-in loss with respect to a transfer of an interest in the partnership if— ‘‘(A) the partnership’s adjusted basis in the partnership property exceeds by more than $250,000 the fair market value of such prop-erty, or ‘‘(B) the transferee partner would be allo-cated a loss of more than $250,000 if the part-nership assets were sold for cash equal to their fair market value immediately after such transfer.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to transfers of partnership interests after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13503. CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS AND FOREIGN TAXES TAKEN INTO AC-COUNT IN DETERMINING LIMITA-TION ON ALLOWANCE OF PARTNER’S SHARE OF LOSS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (d) of section 704 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘A partner’s distributive share’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A partner’s distributive share’’, (2) by striking ‘‘Any excess of such loss’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) C
ARRYOVER .—Any excess of such loss’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In determining the amount of any loss under paragraph (1), there shall be taken into account the part-ner’s distributive share of amounts described in paragraphs (4) and (6) of section 702(a). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—In the case of a chari-table contribution of property whose fair market value exceeds its adjusted basis, sub-paragraph (A) shall not apply to the extent of the partner’s distributive share of such ex-cess.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to partner-ship taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. Subpart B—Insurance Reforms SEC. 13511. NET OPERATING LOSSES OF LIFE IN-SURANCE COMPANIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 805(b) is amended by striking paragraph (4) and by redesig-nating paragraph (5) as paragraph (4). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Part I of subchapter L of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 810 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (2)(A) Part III of subchapter L of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 844 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (B) Section 831(b)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘except as provided in section 844,’’ (3) Section 381 is amended by striking sub-section (d). (4) Section 805(a)(4)(B)(ii) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) the deduction allowed under section 172,’’. (5) Section 805(a) is amended by striking paragraph (5). (6) Section 805(b)(2)(A)(iv) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(iv) any net operating loss carryback to the taxable year under section 172, and’’. (7) Section 953(b)(1)(B) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) So much of section 805(a)(8) as relates to the deduction allowed under section 172.’’. (8) Section 1351(i)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘or the operations loss deduction under sec-tion 810,’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to losses arising in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13512. REPEAL OF SMALL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY DEDUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part I of subchapter L of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 806 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 453B(e) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 806(b)(3))’’ in paragraph (2)(B), and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) N
ONINSURANCE BUSINESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘noninsurance business’ means any activity which is not an insur-ance business. ‘‘(B) C
ERTAIN ACTIVITIES TREATED AS INSUR -
ANCE BUSINESSES .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), any activity which is not an in-surance business shall be treated as an insur-ance business if— ‘‘(i) it is of a type traditionally carried on by life insurance companies for investment purposes, but only if the carrying on of such activity (other than in the case of real es-tate) does not constitute the active conduct of a trade or business, or ‘‘(ii) it involves the performance of admin-istrative services in connection with plans providing life insurance, pension, or accident and health benefits.’’. (2) Section 465(c)(7)(D)(v)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘section 806(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 453B(e)(3)’’. (3) Section 801(a)(2) is amended by striking subparagraph (C). (4) Section 804 is amended by striking ‘‘means—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘means the general deductions provided in section 805.’’. (5) Section 805(a)(4)(B), as amended by this Act, is amended by striking clause (i) and by redesignating clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respectively. (6) Section 805(b)(2)(A), as amended by this Act, is amended by striking clause (iii) and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7441 November 29, 2017 
by redesignating clauses (iv) and (v) as clauses (iii) and (iv), respectively. (7) Section 842(c) is amended by striking paragraph (1) and by redesignating para-graphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. (8) Section 953(b)(1), as amended by section 13511, is amended by striking subparagraph (A) and by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respec-tively. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13513. ADJUSTMENT FOR CHANGE IN COM-PUTING RESERVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 807(f) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) T
REATMENT AS CHANGE IN METHOD OF  
ACCOUNTING .—If the basis for determining any item referred to in subsection (c) as of the close of any taxable year differs from the basis for such determination as of the close of the preceding taxable year, then so much of the difference between— ‘‘(A) the amount of the item at the close of the taxable year, computed on the new basis, and ‘‘(B) the amount of the item at the close of the taxable year, computed on the old basis, as is attributable to contracts issued before the taxable year shall be taken into account under section 481 as adjustments attrib-utable to a change in method of accounting initiated by the taxpayer and made with the consent of the Secretary.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13514. REPEAL OF SPECIAL RULE FOR DIS-TRIBUTIONS TO SHAREHOLDERS FROM PRE-1984 POLICYHOLDERS SURPLUS ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart D of part I of subchapter L is amended by striking section 815 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such sub-part). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 801 is amended by striking subsection (c). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (d) P
HASED INCLUSION OF REMAINING BAL-
ANCE OF POLICYHOLDERS SURPLUS AC-
COUNTS .—In the case of any stock life insur-ance company which has a balance (deter-mined as of the close of such company’s last taxable year beginning before January 1, 2018) in an existing policyholders surplus ac-count (as defined in section 815 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986, as in effect before its repeal), the tax imposed by section 801 of such Code for the first 8 taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2017, shall be the amount which would be imposed by such sec-tion for such year on the sum of— (1) life insurance company taxable income for such year (within the meaning of such section 801 but not less than zero), plus (2) 
1⁄8of such balance. 
SEC. 13515. MODIFICATION OF PRORATION RULES FOR PROPERTY AND CAS-UALTY INSURANCE COMPANIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 832(b)(5)(B) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘15 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘the applicable percentage’’, and (2) by inserting at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘For purposes of this subpara-graph, the applicable percentage is 5.25 per-cent divided by the highest rate in effect under section 11(b).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. SEC. 13516. REPEAL OF SPECIAL ESTIMATED TAX PAYMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part III of subchapter L of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 847 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13517. CAPITALIZATION OF CERTAIN POLICY ACQUISITION EXPENSES. 
(a) A MORTIZATION PERIOD .—Section 848 is amended by striking ‘‘120-month’’ each place it appears in subsections (a)(2) and (b)(1) and inserting ‘‘600-month’’. (b) D
ETERMINATION OF EXPENSES .—Para- graph (1) of section 848(c) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘1.75 percent’’ in subpara-graph (A) and inserting ‘‘3.17 percent’’, (2) by striking ‘‘2.05 percent’’ in subpara-graph (B) and inserting ‘‘3.72 percent’’, and (3) by striking ‘‘7.7 percent’’ in subpara-graph (C) and inserting ‘‘13.97 percent’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13518. TAX REPORTING FOR LIFE SETTLE-MENT TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart B of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61, as amended by section 13305, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6050Y. RETURNS RELATING TO CERTAIN LIFE INSURANCE CONTRACT TRANS-ACTIONS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT OF REPORTING OF CER-
TAIN PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Every person who ac-quires a life insurance contract or any inter-est in a life insurance contract in a report-able policy sale during any taxable year shall make a return for such taxable year (at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary shall prescribe) setting forth— ‘‘(A) the name, address, and TIN of such person, ‘‘(B) the name, address, and TIN of each re-cipient of payment in the reportable policy sale, ‘‘(C) the date of such sale, ‘‘(D) the name of the issuer of the life in-surance contract sold and the policy number of such contract, and ‘‘(E) the amount of each payment. ‘‘(2) S
TATEMENT TO BE FURNISHED TO PER -
SONS WITH RESPECT TO WHOM INFORMATION IS  
REQUIRED .—Every person required to make a return under this subsection shall furnish to each person whose name is required to be set forth in such return a written statement showing— ‘‘(A) the name, address, and phone number of the information contact of the person re-quired to make such return, and ‘‘(B) the information required to be shown on such return with respect to such person, except that in the case of an issuer of a life insurance contract, such statement is not re-quired to include the information specified in paragraph (1)(E). ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT OF REPORTING OF SELL-
ER’SBASIS IN LIFEINSURANCE CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon receipt of the statement required under subsection (a)(2) or upon notice of a transfer of a life insurance contract to a foreign person, each issuer of a life insurance contract shall make a return (at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary shall prescribe) setting forth— ‘‘(A) the name, address, and TIN of the seller who transfers any interest in such con-tract in such sale, ‘‘(B) the investment in the contract (as de-fined in section 72(e)(6)) with respect to such seller, and ‘‘(C) the policy number of such contract. ‘‘(2) S
TATEMENT TO BE FURNISHED TO PER -
SONS WITH RESPECT TO WHOM INFORMATION IS  REQUIRED .—Every person required to make a return under this subsection shall furnish to each person whose name is required to be set forth in such return a written statement showing— ‘‘(A) the name, address, and phone number of the information contact of the person re-quired to make such return, and ‘‘(B) the information required to be shown on such return with respect to each seller whose name is required to be set forth in such return. ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENT OF REPORTING WITHRE-
SPECT TO REPORTABLE DEATH BENEFITS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Every person who makes a payment of reportable death benefits dur-ing any taxable year shall make a return for such taxable year (at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe) set-ting forth— ‘‘(A) the name, address, and TIN of the per-son making such payment, ‘‘(B) the name, address, and TIN of each re-cipient of such payment, ‘‘(C) the date of each such payment, and ‘‘(D) the gross amount of each such pay-ment. ‘‘(E) such person’s estimate of the invest-ment in the contract (as defined in section 72(e)(6)) with respect to the buyer. ‘‘(2) S
TATEMENT TO BE FURNISHED TO PER -
SONS WITH RESPECT TO WHOM INFORMATION IS  
REQUIRED .—Every person required to make a return under this subsection shall furnish to each person whose name is required to be set forth in such return a written statement showing— ‘‘(A) the name, address, and phone number of the information contact of the person re-quired to make such return, and ‘‘(B) the information required to be shown on such return with respect to each recipient of payment whose name is required to be set forth in such return. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) P
AYMENT .—The term ‘payment’ means, with respect to any reportable policy sale, the amount of cash and the fair market value of any consideration transferred in the sale. ‘‘(2) R
EPORTABLE POLICY SALE .—The term ‘reportable policy sale’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(a)(3)(B). ‘‘(3) I
SSUER .—The term ‘issuer’ means any life insurance company that bears the risk with respect to a life insurance contract on the date any return or statement is required to be made under this section. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTABLE DEATH BENEFITS .—The term ‘reportable death benefits’ means amounts paid by reason of the death of the insured under a life insurance contract that has been transferred in a reportable policy sale.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subpart B of part III of sub-chapter A of chapter 61, as amended by sec-tion 13305, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 6050X the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 6050Y. Returns relating to certain life insurance contract trans-actions.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Subsection (d) of section 6724 is amend-ed— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (xxiv) of paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (xxv) of such paragraph and inserting ‘‘or’’, and by inserting after such clause (xxv) the following new clause: ‘‘(xxvi) section 6050Y (relating to returns relating to certain life insurance contract transactions), and’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (HH) of paragraph (2), by striking the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7442 November 29, 2017 
period at the end of subparagraph (II) of such paragraph and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by in-serting after such subparagraph (II) the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(JJ) subsection (a)(2), (b)(2), or (c)(2) of section 6050Y (relating to returns relating to certain life insurance contract trans-actions).’’. (2) Section 6047 is amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (h), (B) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(g) I
NFORMATION RELATING TO LIFEINSUR -
ANCE CONTRACT TRANSACTIONS .—This section shall not apply to any information which is required to be reported under section 6050Y.’’, and (C) by adding at the end of subsection (h), as so redesignated, the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) For provisions requiring reporting of information relating to certain life insur-ance contract transactions, see section 6050Y.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to— (1) reportable policy sales (as defined in section 6050Y(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by subsection (a)) after December 31, 2017, and (2) reportable death benefits (as defined in section 6050Y(d)(4) of such Code (as added by subsection (a)) paid after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13519. CLARIFICATION OF TAX BASIS OF LIFE INSURANCE CONTRACTS. 
(a) C LARIFICATION WITHRESPECT TO AD-
JUSTMENTS .—Paragraph (1) of section 1016(a) is amended by striking subparagraph (A) and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) for— ‘‘(i) taxes or other carrying charges de-scribed in section 266; or ‘‘(ii) expenditures described in section 173 (relating to circulation expenditures), for which deductions have been taken by the taxpayer in determining taxable income for the taxable year or prior taxable years; or ‘‘(B) for mortality, expense, or other rea-sonable charges incurred under an annuity or life insurance contract;’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to trans-actions entered into after August 25, 2009. 
SEC. 13520. EXCEPTION TO TRANSFER FOR VALU-ABLE CONSIDERATION RULES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 101 is amended by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION TO VALUABLE CONSIDERATION  
RULES FOR COMMERCIAL TRANSFERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The second sentence of paragraph (2) shall not apply in the case of a transfer of a life insurance contract, or any interest therein, which is a reportable policy sale. ‘‘(B) R
EPORTABLE POLICY SALE .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘reportable policy sale’ means the acquisition of an in-terest in a life insurance contract, directly or indirectly, if the acquirer has no substan-tial family, business, or financial relation-ship with the insured apart from the acquirer’s interest in such life insurance con-tract. For purposes of the preceding sen-tence, the term ‘indirectly’ applies to the ac-quisition of an interest in a partnership, trust, or other entity that holds an interest in the life insurance contract.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (1) of section 101(a) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to transfers after December 31, 2017. Subpart C—Banks and Financial Instruments SEC. 13531. LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION FOR FDIC PREMIUMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 162 is amended by redesignating subsection (q) as subsection (r) and by inserting after subsection (p) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(q) D
ISALLOWANCE OF FDIC P REMIUMS  P
AID BY CERTAIN LARGE FINANCIAL INSTITU -
TIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No deduction shall be al-lowed for the applicable percentage of any FDIC premium paid or incurred by the tax-payer. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR SMALL INSTITUTIONS .— Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any tax-payer for any taxable year if the total con-solidated assets of such taxpayer (deter-mined as of the close of such taxable year) do not exceed $10,000,000,000. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘applicable percentage’ means, with respect to any tax-payer for any taxable year, the ratio (ex-pressed as a percentage but not greater than 100 percent) which— ‘‘(A) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the total consolidated assets of such taxpayer (determined as of the close of such taxable year), over ‘‘(ii) $10,000,000,000, bears to ‘‘(B) $40,000,000,000. ‘‘(4) FDIC 
PREMIUMS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘FDIC premium’ means any assessment imposed under section 7(b) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(b)). ‘‘(5) T
OTAL CONSOLIDATED ASSETS .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘total con-solidated assets’ has the meaning given such term under section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act (12 U.S.C. 5365). ‘‘(6) A
GGREGATION RULE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Members of an expanded affiliated group shall be treated as a single taxpayer for purposes of applying this sub-section. ‘‘(B) E
XPANDED AFFILIATED GROUP .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘expanded affiliated group’ means an affiliated group as defined in section 1504(a), determined— ‘‘(I) by substituting ‘more than 50 percent’ for ‘at least 80 percent’ each place it appears, and ‘‘(II) without regard to paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 1504(b). ‘‘(ii) C
ONTROL OF NON -CORPORATE ENTI -
TIES.—A partnership or any other entity (other than a corporation) shall be treated as a member of an expanded affiliated group if such entity is controlled (within the mean-ing of section 954(d)(3)) by members of such group (including any entity treated as a member of such group by reason of this clause).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13532. REPEAL OF ADVANCE REFUNDING BONDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 149(d) is amended by striking ‘‘as part of an issue described in paragraph (2), (3), or (4).’’ and inserting ‘‘to advance refund another bond.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 149(d) is amended by striking paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (6) and by redesig-nating paragraphs (5) and (7) as paragraphs (2) and (3). (2) Section 148(f)(4)(C) is amended by strik-ing clause (xiv) and by redesignating clauses (xv) to (xvii) as clauses (xiv) to (xvi). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to advance refunding bonds issued after December 31, 2017. SEC. 13533. COST BASIS OF SPECIFIED SECURI-TIES DETERMINED WITHOUT RE-GARD TO IDENTIFICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1012 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(e) C
OSTBASIS OF SPECIFIED SECURITIES  D
ETERMINED WITHOUT REGARD TO IDENTIFICA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Unless the Secretary permits the use of an average basis method for determining cost, in the case of the sale, exchange, or other disposition of a specified security (within the meaning of section 6045(g)(3)(B)), the basis (and holding period) of such security shall be determined on a first-in first-out basis. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—In the case of a sale, ex-change, or other disposition of a specified se-curity by a regulated investment company (as defined in section 851(a)), paragraph (1) shall not apply.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 1012(c)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘the conventions prescribed by regula-tions under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘the method applicable for determining the cost of such security’’. (2) Section 1012(c)(2)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(as in effect prior to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act)’’ after ‘‘this section’’. (3) Section 6045(g)(2)(B)(i)(I) is amended by striking ‘‘unless the customer notifies the broker by means of making an adequate identification of the stock sold or trans-ferred’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to sales, ex-changes, and other dispositions after Decem-ber 31, 2017. Subpart D—S Corporations 
SEC. 13541. EXPANSION OF QUALIFYING BENE-FICIARIES OF AN ELECTING SMALL BUSINESS TRUST. 
(a) N OLOOK-THROUGH FOR ELIGIBILITY PUR-
POSES .—Section 1361(c)(2)(B)(v) is amended by adding at the end the following new sen-tence: ‘‘This clause shall not apply for pur-poses of subsection (b)(1)(C).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2018. 
SEC. 13542. CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTION DEDUC-TION FOR ELECTING SMALL BUSI-NESS TRUSTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 641(c)(2) is amended by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E)(i) Section 642(c) shall not apply. ‘‘(ii) For purposes of section 170(b)(1)(G), adjusted gross income shall be computed in the same manner as in the case of an indi-vidual, except that the deductions for costs which are paid or incurred in connection with the administration of the trust and which would not have been incurred if the property were not held in such trust shall be treated as allowable in arriving at adjusted gross income.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART VII—EMPLOYMENT Subpart A—Compensation 
SEC. 13601. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON EXCESSIVE EMPLOYEE REMUNERA-TION. 
(a) R EPEAL OF PERFORMANCE -BASED COM-
PENSATION AND COMMISSION EXCEPTIONS FOR  L
IMITATION ON EXCESSIVE EMPLOYEE REMU-
NERATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (4) of section 162(m) is amended by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) and by redesignating subpara-graphs (D), (E), (F), and (G) as subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), and (E), respectively. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7443 November 29, 2017 
(2) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Paragraphs (5)(E) and (6)(D) of section 162(m) are each amended by striking ‘‘sub-paragraphs (B), (C), and (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’. (B) Paragraphs (5)(G) and (6)(G) of section 162(m) are each amended by striking ‘‘(F) and (G)’’ and inserting ‘‘(D) and (E)’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF COV-
ERED EMPLOYEES .—Paragraph (3) of section 162(m) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘as of the close of the taxable year, such employee is the chief executive officer of the taxpayer or is’’ and inserting ‘‘such employee is the principal executive officer or principal finan-cial officer of the taxpayer at any time dur-ing the taxable year, or was’’, (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘4’’ and inserting ‘‘3’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘(other than the chief exec-utive officer)’’ and inserting ‘‘(other than any individual described in subparagraph (A))’’, and (3) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (A), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) was a covered employee of the tax-payer (or any predecessor) for any preceding taxable year beginning after December 31, 2016.’’. (c) E
XPANSION OF APPLICABLE EMPLOYER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 162(m)(2) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) P
UBLICLY HELD CORPORATION .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘publicly held corporation’ means any corporation which is an issuer (as defined in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c))— ‘‘(A) the securities of which are required to be registered under section 12 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78l), or ‘‘(B) that is required to file reports under section 15(d) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)).’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 162(m)(3), as amended by subsection (b), is amended by adding at the end the following flush sentence: ‘‘Such term shall include any employee who would be described in subparagraph (B) if the reporting described in such subparagraph were required as so described.’’. (d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID 
TOBENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Paragraph (4) of sec-tion 162(m), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID  
TO BENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Remuneration shall not fail to be applicable employee remunera-tion merely because it is includible in the in-come of, or paid to, a person other than the covered employee, including after the death of the covered employee.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2017. (2) E
XCEPTION FOR BINDING CONTRACTS .— The amendments made by this section shall not apply to remuneration which is pursuant to a written binding contract which was in effect on November 2, 2017, and which was not modified in any material respect on or after such date. 
SEC. 13602. EXCISE TAX ON EXCESS TAX-EXEMPT ORGANIZATION EXECUTIVE COM-PENSATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter D of chapter 42 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4960. TAX ON EXCESS TAX-EXEMPT ORGANI-ZATION EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
‘‘(a) T AXIMPOSED .—There is hereby im-posed a tax equal to 20 percent of the sum of— ‘‘(1) so much of the remuneration paid (other than any excess parachute payment) by an applicable tax-exempt organization for the taxable year with respect to employment of any covered employee in excess of $1,000,000, plus ‘‘(2) any excess parachute payment paid by such an organization to any covered em-ployee. For purposes of the preceding sentence, re-muneration shall be treated as paid when there is no substantial risk of forfeiture of the rights to such remuneration. ‘‘(b) LIABILITY FOR TAX.—The employer shall be liable for the tax imposed under sub-section (a). ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICABLE TAX -EXEMPT ORGANIZA -
TION.—The term ‘applicable tax-exempt orga-nization’ means any organization which for the taxable year— ‘‘(A) is exempt from taxation under section 501(a), ‘‘(B) is a farmers’ cooperative organization described in section 521(b)(1), ‘‘(C) has income excluded from taxation under section 115(1), or ‘‘(D) is a political organization described in section 527(e)(1). ‘‘(2) C
OVERED EMPLOYEE .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘covered employee’ means any employee (including any former employee) of an applicable tax-exempt orga-nization if the employee— ‘‘(A) is one of the 5 highest compensated employees of the organization for the tax-able year, or ‘‘(B) was a covered employee of the organi-zation (or any predecessor) for any preceding taxable year beginning after December 31, 2016. ‘‘(3) R
EMUNERATION .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘remuneration’ means wages (as defined in section 3401(a)), except that such term shall not include any des-ignated Roth contribution (as defined in sec-tion 402A(c)) and shall include amounts re-quired to be included in gross income under section 457(f). ‘‘(4) R
EMUNERATION FROM RELATED ORGANI -
ZATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Remuneration of a cov-ered employee by an applicable tax-exempt organization shall include any remuneration paid with respect to employment of such em-ployee by any related person or govern-mental entity. ‘‘(B) R
ELATED ORGANIZATIONS .—A person or governmental entity shall be treated as re-lated to an applicable tax-exempt organiza-tion if such person or governmental entity— ‘‘(i) controls, or is controlled by, the orga-nization, ‘‘(ii) is controlled by one or more persons which control the organization, ‘‘(iii) is a supported organization (as de-fined in section 509(f)(3)) during the taxable year with respect to the organization, ‘‘(iv) is a supporting organization described in section 509(a)(3) during the taxable year with respect to the organization, or ‘‘(v) in the case of an organization which is a voluntary employees’ beneficiary associa-tion described in section 501(c)(9), estab-lishes, maintains, or makes contributions to such voluntary employees’ beneficiary asso-ciation. ‘‘(C) L
IABILITY FOR TAX .—In any case in which remuneration from more than one em-ployer is taken into account under this para-graph in determining the tax imposed by subsection (a), each such employer shall be liable for such tax in an amount which bears the same ratio to the total tax determined under subsection (a) with respect to such re-muneration as— ‘‘(i) the amount of remuneration paid by such employer with respect to such em-ployee, bears to ‘‘(ii) the amount of remuneration paid by all such employers to such employee. ‘‘(5) EXCESS PARACHUTE PAYMENT .—For pur- poses of determining the tax imposed by sub-section (a)(2)— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘excess para-chute payment’ means an amount equal to the excess of any parachute payment over the portion of the base amount allocated to such payment. ‘‘(B) P
ARACHUTE PAYMENT .—The term ‘parachute payment’ means any payment in the nature of compensation to (or for the benefit of) a covered employee if— ‘‘(i) such payment is contingent on such employee’s separation from employment with the employer, and ‘‘(ii) the aggregate present value of the payments in the nature of compensation to (or for the benefit of) such individual which are contingent on such separation equals or exceeds an amount equal to 3 times the base amount. Such term does not include any payment de-scribed in section 280G(b)(6) (relating to ex-emption for payments under qualified plans) or any payment made under or to an annuity contract described in section 403(b) or a plan described in section 457(b). ‘‘(C) B
ASE AMOUNT .—Rules similar to the rules of 280G(b)(3) shall apply for purposes of determining the base amount. ‘‘(D) P
ROPERTY TRANSFERS ; PRESENT  
VALUE .—Rules similar to the rules of para-graphs (3) and (4) of section 280G(d) shall apply. ‘‘(6) C
OORDINATION WITH DEDUCTION LIMITA -
TION.—Remuneration the deduction for which is not allowed by reason of section 162(m) shall not be taken into account for purposes of this section. ‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be nec-essary to prevent avoidance of the tax under this section, including regulations pre-venting employees from being misclassified as contractors or from being compensated through a pass-through or other entity to avoid such tax.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subchapter D of chapter 42 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4960. Tax on excess exempt organiza-tion executive compensation.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13603. TREATMENT OF QUALIFIED EQUITY GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 83 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(i) Q
UALIFIED EQUITY GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-title— ‘‘(A) T
IMING OF INCLUSION .—If qualified stock is transferred to a qualified employee who makes an election with respect to such stock under this subsection, subsection (a) shall be applied by including the amount de-termined under such subsection with respect to such stock in income of the employee in the taxable year determined under subpara-graph (B) in lieu of the taxable year de-scribed in subsection (a). ‘‘(B) T
AXABLE YEAR DETERMINED .—The tax- able year determined under this subpara-graph is the taxable year of the employee which includes the earliest of— ‘‘(i) the first date such qualified stock be-comes transferable (including, solely for pur-poses of this clause, becoming transferable to the employer), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7444 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(ii) the date the employee first becomes an excluded employee, ‘‘(iii) the first date on which any stock of the corporation which issued the qualified stock becomes readily tradable on an estab-lished securities market (as determined by the Secretary, but not including any market unless such market is recognized as an estab-lished securities market by the Secretary for purposes of a provision of this title other than this subsection), ‘‘(iv) the date that is 5 years after the first date the rights of the employee in such stock are transferable or are not subject to a sub-stantial risk of forfeiture, whichever occurs earlier, or ‘‘(v) the date on which the employee re-vokes (at such time and in such manner as the Secretary provides) the election under this subsection with respect to such stock. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED STOCK .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘qualified stock’ means, with respect to any qualified employee, any stock in a corporation which is the employer of such employee, if— ‘‘(i) such stock is received— ‘‘(I) in connection with the exercise of an option, or ‘‘(II) in settlement of a restricted stock unit, and ‘‘(ii) such option or restricted stock unit was granted by the corporation— ‘‘(I) in connection with the performance of services as an employee, and ‘‘(II) during a calendar year in which such corporation was an eligible corporation. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—The term ‘qualified stock’ shall not include any stock if the em-ployee may sell such stock to, or otherwise receive cash in lieu of stock from, the cor-poration at the time that the rights of the employee in such stock first become trans-ferable or not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. ‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE CORPORATION .—For purposes of subparagraph (A)(ii)(II)— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible cor-poration’ means, with respect to any cal-endar year, any corporation if— ‘‘(I) no stock of such corporation (or any predecessor of such corporation) is readily tradable on an established securities market (as determined under paragraph (1)(B)(iii)) during any preceding calendar year, and ‘‘(II) such corporation has a written plan under which, in such calendar year, not less than 80 percent of all employees who provide services to such corporation in the United States (or any possession of the United States) are granted stock options, or re-stricted stock units, with the same rights and privileges to receive qualified stock. ‘‘(ii) S
AME RIGHTS AND PRIVILEGES .—For purposes of clause (i)(II)— ‘‘(I) except as provided in subclauses (II) and (III), the determination of rights and privileges with respect to stock shall be made in a similar manner as under section 423(b)(5), ‘‘(II) employees shall not fail to be treated as having the same rights and privileges to receive qualified stock solely because the number of shares available to all employees is not equal in amount, so long as the num-ber of shares available to each employee is more than a de minimis amount, and ‘‘(III) rights and privileges with respect to the exercise of an option shall not be treated as the same as rights and privileges with re-spect to the settlement of a restricted stock unit. ‘‘(iii) E
MPLOYEE .—For purposes of clause (i)(II), the term ‘employee’ shall not include any employee described in section 4980E(d)(4) or any excluded employee. ‘‘(iv) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CALENDAR YEARS  
BEFORE 2018 .—In the case of any calendar year beginning before January 1, 2018, clause (i)(II) shall be applied without regard to whether the rights and privileges with re-spect to the qualified stock are the same. ‘‘(3) QUALIFIED EMPLOYEE ; EXCLUDED EM -
PLOYEE .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified em-ployee’ means any individual who— ‘‘(i) is not an excluded employee, and ‘‘(ii) agrees in the election made under this subsection to meet such requirements as are determined by the Secretary to be necessary to ensure that the withholding requirements of the corporation under chapter 24 with re-spect to the qualified stock are met. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUDED EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘ex-cluded employee’ means, with respect to any corporation, any individual— ‘‘(i) who was a 1-percent owner (within the meaning of section 416(i)(1)(B)(ii)) at any time during the 10 preceding calendar years, ‘‘(ii) who is or has been at any prior time— ‘‘(I) the chief executive officer of such cor-poration or an individual acting in such a ca-pacity, or ‘‘(II) the chief financial officer of such cor-poration or an individual acting in such a ca-pacity, ‘‘(iii) who bears a relationship described in section 318(a)(1) to any individual described in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (ii), or ‘‘(iv) who was for any of the 10 preceding taxable years one of the 4 highest com-pensated officers of such corporation, deter-mined with respect to each such taxable year on the basis of the shareholder disclosure rules for compensation under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as if such rules applied to such corporation). ‘‘(4) E
LECTION .— ‘‘(A) T
IME FOR MAKING ELECTION .—An elec- tion with respect to qualified stock shall be made under this subsection no later than 30 days after the first date the rights of the em-ployee in such stock are transferable or are not subject to a substantial risk of for-feiture, whichever occurs earlier, and shall be made in a manner similar to the manner in which an election is made under sub-section (b). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS .—No election may be made under this section with respect to any qualified stock if— ‘‘(i) the qualified employee has made an election under subsection (b) with respect to such qualified stock, ‘‘(ii) any stock of the corporation which issued the qualified stock is readily tradable on an established securities market (as de-termined under paragraph (1)(B)(iii)) at any time before the election is made, or ‘‘(iii) such corporation purchased any of its outstanding stock in the calendar year pre-ceding the calendar year which includes the first date the rights of the employee in such stock are transferable or are not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, unless— ‘‘(I) not less than 25 percent of the total dollar amount of the stock so purchased is deferral stock, and ‘‘(II) the determination of which individ-uals from whom deferral stock is purchased is made on a reasonable basis. ‘‘(C) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES RE -
LATED TO LIMITATION ON STOCK REDEMP -
TIONS .— ‘‘(i) D
EFERRAL STOCK .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘deferral stock’ means stock with respect to which an election is in effect under this subsection. ‘‘(ii) D
EFERRAL STOCK WITH RESPECT TO ANY  
INDIVIDUAL NOT TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT IF INDI -
VIDUAL HOLDS DEFERRAL STOCK WITH LONGER  
DEFERRAL PERIOD .—Stock purchased by a corporation from any individual shall not be treated as deferral stock for purposes of sub-paragraph (B)(iii) if such individual (imme-diately after such purchase) holds any defer-ral stock with respect to which an election has been in effect under this subsection for a longer period than the election with respect to the stock so purchased. ‘‘(iii) PURCHASE OF ALL OUTSTANDING DE -
FERRAL STOCK .—The requirements of sub-clauses (I) and (II) of subparagraph (B)(iii) shall be treated as met if the stock so pur-chased includes all of the corporation’s out-standing deferral stock. ‘‘(iv) R
EPORTING .—Any corporation which has outstanding deferral stock as of the be-ginning of any calendar year and which pur-chases any of its outstanding stock during such calendar year shall include on its re-turn of tax for the taxable year in which, or with which, such calendar year ends the total dollar amount of its outstanding stock so purchased during such calendar year and such other information as the Secretary re-quires for purposes of administering this paragraph. ‘‘(5) C
ONTROLLED GROUPS .—For purposes of this subsection, all persons treated as a sin-gle employer under section 414(b) shall be treated as 1 corporation. ‘‘(6) N
OTICE REQUIREMENT .—Any corpora-tion which transfers qualified stock to a qualified employee shall, at the time that (or a reasonable period before) an amount at-tributable to such stock would (but for this subsection) first be includible in the gross in-come of such employee— ‘‘(A) certify to such employee that such stock is qualified stock, and ‘‘(B) notify such employee— ‘‘(i) that the employee may be eligible to elect to defer income on such stock under this subsection, and ‘‘(ii) that, if the employee makes such an election— ‘‘(I) the amount of income recognized at the end of the deferral period will be based on the value of the stock at the time at which the rights of the employee in such stock first become transferable or not sub-ject to substantial risk of forfeiture, not-withstanding whether the value of the stock has declined during the deferral period, ‘‘(II) the amount of such income recognized at the end of the deferral period will be sub-ject to withholding under section 3401(i) at the rate determined under section 3402(t), and ‘‘(III) the responsibilities of the employee (as determined by the Secretary under para-graph (3)(A)(ii)) with respect to such with-holding. ‘‘(7) R
ESTRICTED STOCK UNITS .—This section (other than this subsection), including any election under subsection (b), shall not apply to restricted stock units.’’. (b) W
ITHHOLDING .— (1) T
IME OF WITHHOLDING .—Section 3401 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) Q
UALIFIED STOCK FOR WHICH AN ELEC-
TION ISI N EFFECT UNDER SECTION 83(i).—For purposes of subsection (a), qualified stock (as defined in section 83(i)) with respect to which an election is made under section 83(i) shall be treated as wages— ‘‘(1) received on the earliest date described in section 83(i)(1)(B), and ‘‘(2) in an amount equal to the amount in-cluded in income under section 83 for the taxable year which includes such date.’’. (2) A
MOUNT OF WITHHOLDING .—Section 3402 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(t) R
ATE OF WITHHOLDING FOR CERTAIN  S
TOCK .—In the case of any qualified stock (as defined in section 83(i)(2)) with respect to which an election is made under section 83(i)— ‘‘(1) the rate of tax under subsection (a) shall not be less than the maximum rate of tax in effect under section 1, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7445 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(2) such stock shall be treated for pur-poses of section 3501(b) in the same manner as a non-cash fringe benefit.’’. (c) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER DEFERRED  C
OMPENSATION RULES .— (1) E
LECTION TO APPLY DEFERRAL TO STATU -
TORY OPTIONS .— (A) I
NCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS .—Section 422(b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such term shall not include any option if an election is made under section 83(i) with respect to the stock received in connection with the exercise of such op-tion.’’. (B) E
MPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLANS .— Section 423 is amended— (i) by adding at the end of subsection (a) the following flush sentence: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply to any share of stock with respect to which an election is made under section 83(i).’’, and (ii) in subsection (b)(5), by striking ‘‘and’’ before ‘‘the plan’’ and by inserting ‘‘, and the rules of section 83(i) shall apply in deter-mining which employees have a right to make an election under such section’’ before the semicolon at the end. (2) E
XCLUSION FROM DEFINITION OF NON -
QUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN .— Subsection (d) of section 409A is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(7) T
REATMENT OF QUALIFIED STOCK .—An arrangement under which an employee may receive qualified stock (as defined in section 83(i)(2)) shall not be treated as a nonqualified deferred compensation plan solely because of an employee’s election, or ability to make an election, to defer recognition of income under section 83(i).’’. (d) I
NFORMATION REPORTING .—Section 6051(a) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (13), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (14) and inserting a comma, and by inserting after paragraph (14) the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(15) the amount includible in gross in-come under subparagraph (A) of section 83(i)(1) with respect to an event described in subparagraph (B) of such section which oc-curs in such calendar year, and ‘‘(16) the aggregate amount of income which is being deferred pursuant to elections under section 83(i), determined as of the close of the calendar year.’’. (e) P
ENALTY FOR FAILURE OF EMPLOYER TO P
ROVIDE NOTICE OF TAXCONSEQUENCES .—Sec- tion 6652 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(p) F
AILURE TO PROVIDE NOTICE UNDER  S
ECTION 83(i).—In the case of each failure to provide a notice as required by section 83(i)(6), at the time prescribed therefor, un-less it is shown that such failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect, there shall be paid, on notice and demand of the Secretary and in the same manner as tax, by the person failing to provide such no-tice, an amount equal to $100 for each such failure, but the total amount imposed on such person for all such failures during any calendar year shall not exceed $50,000.’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to stock attributable to options exercised, or restricted stock units settled, after December 31, 2017. (2) R
EQUIREMENT TO PROVIDE NOTICE .—The amendments made by subsection (e) shall apply to failures after December 31, 2017. (g) T
RANSITION RULE.—Until such time as the Secretary (or the Secretary’s delegate) issues regulations or other guidance for pur-poses of implementing the requirements of paragraph (2)(C)(i)(II) of section 83(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this section), or the requirements of para-graph (6) of such section, a corporation shall be treated as being in compliance with such requirements (respectively) if such corpora-tion complies with a reasonable good faith interpretation of such requirements. SEC. 13604. INCREASE IN EXCISE TAX RATE FOR STOCK COMPENSATION OF INSID-ERS IN EXPATRIATED CORPORA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4985(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(h)(1)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(h)(1)(D)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to corpora-tions first becoming expatriated corpora-tions (as defined in section 4985 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986) after the date of enactment of this Act. Subpart B—Retirement Plans 
SEC. 13611. CONFORMITY OF CONTRIBUTION LIM-ITS FOR EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RE-TIREMENT PLANS. 
(a) 403( B) PLANS .— (1) E
LIMINATION OF SPECIAL CATCH -UP 
RULE .—Subsection (g) of section 402 is amended by striking paragraph (7) and by re-designating paragraph (8) as paragraph (7). (2) E
LIMINATION OF POST TERMINATION NON - 
ELECTIVE CONTRIBUTIONS .—Subsection (b) of section 403 is amended— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘for the most recent period’’ and all that follows through ‘‘more than five years’’, and (B) by striking paragraph (4). (3) E
LIMINATION OF SEPARATE 415(C) LIMITS .— Paragraph (4) of section 415(k) is amended by striking ‘‘each employer with respect to which the participant has the control re-quired’’ and inserting ‘‘the employer and each employer which is part of the same con-trolled group or under common control’’. (b) 457(
B) PLANS .— (1) E
LIMINATION OF SEPARATE DEFERRAL  
LIMIT .—Paragraph (3) of section 402(g) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-paragraph (C), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (D) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) any amount deferred under an eligible deferred compensation plan (as defined in section 457(b)) of an eligible employer de-scribed in section 457(e)(1)(A).’’. (2) T
AKEN INTO ACCOUNT UNDER LIMITATION  
FOR DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 415(a) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (B), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (C), and by inserting after sub-paragraph (C) the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(D) an eligible deferred compensation plan (as defined in section 457(b)) of an eligi-ble employer described in section 457(e)(1)(A),’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘or 408(k)’’ in the flush lan-guage and inserting ‘‘408(k), or 457(b)’’. (B) D
EFINITION .—Paragraph (1) of section 415(k) is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (D) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) an eligible deferred compensation plan (as defined in section 457(b)) of an eligi-ble employer described in section 457(e)(1)(A).’’. (3) E
LIMINATION OF SPECIAL CATCH -UP 
RULE .—Paragraph (3) of section 457(b) is amended by inserting ‘‘in the case of an eli-gible employer described in subsection (e)(1)(B),’’ before ‘‘which’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 25B(d)(1)(B) is amended— (A) by striking clause (ii), and (B) by striking ‘‘the amount of—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘any elective deferrals’’ and inserting ‘‘the amount of any elective deferrals’’. (2) Section 402A(e)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘means—’’ and all that follows and in-serting ‘‘means any elective deferral de-scribed in subparagraph (A), (C), or (E) of section 402(g)(3).’’ (3) Section 457(e) is amended by striking paragraph (18). (4) Section 414(u)(2)(C) is amended by in-serting ‘‘of an eligible employer described in section 457(e)(1)(B)’’ after ‘‘(as defined in sec-tion 457(b))’’. (5) Section 414(v)(2)(D) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘clauses (i), (ii), and (iv) of’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘, and plans described in clause (iii)’’ and all that follows and insert-ing a period. (6) Section 414(v)(3)(A)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘(determined without regard to sec-tion 457(b)(3))’’. (7) Section 414(v)(6)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘subsection (u)(2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 402(g)(3)’’. (8) Section 414(v)(6) is amended by striking subparagraph (C). (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plan years and taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13612. REPEAL OF SPECIAL RULE PERMIT-TING RECHARACTERIZATION OF ROTH IRA CONTRIBUTIONS AS TRA-DITIONAL IRA CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 408A(d) is amend-ed by striking paragraph (6) and by redesig-nating paragraph (7) as paragraph (6). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13613. MODIFICATION OF RULES APPLICA-BLE TO LENGTH OF SERVICE AWARD PLANS. 
(a) M AXIMUM DEFERRAL AMOUNT .—Clause (ii) of section 457(e)(11)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘$3,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$6,000’’. (b) C
OST OF LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—Subpara- graph (B) of section 457(e)(11) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) C
OST OF LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of taxable years beginning after Decem-ber 31, 2017, the Secretary shall adjust the $6,000 amount under clause (ii) at the same time and in the same manner as under sec-tion 415(d), except that the base period shall be the calendar quarter beginning July 1, 2016, and any increase under this paragraph that is not a multiple of $500 shall be round-ed to the next lowest multiple of $500.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION OF LIMITATION ON ACCRU -
ALS.—Subparagraph (B) of section 457(e)(11), as amended by subsection (b), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) S
PECIAL RULE FOR APPLICATION OF LIM -
ITATION ON ACCRUALS FOR CERTAIN PLANS .—In the case of a plan described in subparagraph (A)(ii) which is a defined benefit plan (as de-fined in section 414(j)), the limitation under clause (ii) shall apply to the actuarial present value of the aggregate amount of length of service awards accruing with re-spect to any year of service. Such actuarial present value with respect to any year shall be calculated using reasonable actuarial as-sumptions and methods, assuming payment will be made under the most valuable form of payment under the plan with payment com-mencing at the later of the earliest age at which unreduced benefits are payable under the plan or the participant’s age at the time of the calculation.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this Act shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7446 November 29, 2017 
SEC. 13614. EXTENDED ROLLOVER PERIOD FOR PLAN LOAN OFFSET AMOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (3) of section 402(c) is amended by redesignating subpara-graph (B) as subparagraph (C) and by insert-ing after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) R
OLLOVER OF CERTAIN PLAN LOAN OFF -
SET AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an eligible rollover distribution of a qualified plan loan offset amount, the requirements of subpara-graph (A) shall be treated as met if such transfer occurs on or before the due date (in-cluding extensions) for filing the return of tax for the taxable year in which such amount is treated as distributed from a qualified employer plan. ‘‘(ii) Q
UALIFIED PLAN LOAN OFFSET  
AMOUNT .—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘qualified plan loan offset amount’ means a plan loan offset amount which is treated as distributed from a qualified em-ployer plan to a participant or beneficiary solely by reason of— ‘‘(I) the termination of the qualified em-ployer plan, or ‘‘(II) the failure to meet the repayment terms of the loan from such plan because of the severance from employment of the par-ticipant. ‘‘(iii) P
LAN LOAN OFFSET AMOUNT .—For pur- poses of clause (ii), the term ‘plan loan offset amount’ means the amount by which the participant’s accrued benefit under the plan is reduced in order to repay a loan from the plan. ‘‘(iv) L
IMITATION .—This subparagraph shall not apply to any plan loan offset amount un-less such plan loan offset amount relates to a loan to which section 72(p)(1) does not apply by reason of section 72(p)(2). ‘‘(v) Q
UALIFIED EMPLOYER PLAN .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘qualified employer plan’ has the meaning given such term by section 72(p)(4).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subpara- graph (A) of section 402(c)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (B) and (C)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plan loan offset amounts which are treated as distrib-uted in taxable years beginning after Decem-ber 31, 2017. PART VIII—EXEMPT ORGANIZATIONS 
SEC. 13701. EXCISE TAX BASED ON INVESTMENT INCOME OF PRIVATE COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 42 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-chapter: ‘‘Subchapter H—Excise Tax Based on Invest-ment Income of Private Colleges and Uni-versities ‘‘Sec. 4968. Excise tax based on investment income of private colleges and universities. 
‘‘SEC. 4968. EXCISE TAX BASED ON INVESTMENT INCOME OF PRIVATE COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES. 
‘‘(a) T AXIMPOSED .—There is hereby im-posed on each applicable educational institu-tion for the taxable year a tax equal to 1.4 percent of the net investment income of such institution for the taxable year. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICABLE EDUCATIONAL INSTITU -
TION.—For purposes of this subchapter— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘applicable educational institution’ means an eligible educational institution (as defined in section 25A(f)(2))— ‘‘(A) which had at least 500 tuition-paying students during the preceding taxable year, ‘‘(B) which is not described in the first sen-tence of section 511(a)(2)(B) (relating to State colleges and universities), and ‘‘(C) the aggregate fair market value of the assets of which at the end of the preceding taxable year (other than those assets which are used directly in carrying out the institu-tion’s exempt purpose) is at least $250,000 per student of the institution. ‘‘(2) STUDENTS .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the number of students of an institution shall be based on the daily average number of full-time students attending such institu-tion (with part-time students taken into ac-count on a full-time student equivalent basis). ‘‘(c) N
ETINVESTMENT INCOME .—For pur- poses of this section, net investment income shall be determined under rules similar to the rules of section 4940(c). ‘‘(d) A
SSETS AND NETINVESTMENT INCOME  
OFRELATED ORGANIZATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of sub-sections (b)(1)(C) and (c), assets and net in-vestment income of any related organization with respect to an educational institution shall be treated as assets and net investment income, respectively, of the educational in-stitution, except that— ‘‘(A) no such amount shall be taken into account with respect to more than 1 edu-cational institution, and ‘‘(B) unless such organization is controlled by such institution or is described in section 509(a)(3) with respect to such institution for the taxable year, assets and net investment income which are not intended or available for the use or benefit of the educational in-stitution shall not be taken into account. ‘‘(2) R
ELATED ORGANIZATION .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘related organi-zation’ means, with respect to an edu-cational institution, any organization which— ‘‘(A) controls, or is controlled by, such in-stitution, ‘‘(B) is controlled by 1 or more persons which also control such institution, or ‘‘(C) is a supported organization (as defined in section 509(f)(3)), or an organization de-scribed in section 509(a)(3), during the tax-able year with respect to such institution.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of subchapters for chapter 42 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER H —EXCISE TAX BASED ON IN -
VESTMENT INCOME OF PRIVATE COLLEGES AND  
UNIVERSITIES ’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13702. NAME AND LOGO ROYALTIES TREAT-ED AS UNRELATED BUSINESS TAX-ABLE INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 513 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(k) N
AME AND LOGOROYALTIES .—Any sale or licensing by an organization of any name or logo of the organization (including any trademark or copyright relating to such name or logo) shall be treated as an unre-lated trade or business regularly carried on by such organization.’’. (b) C
ALCULATION OF UNRELATED BUSINESS  T
AXABLE INCOME .—Subsection (b) of section 512 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(20) S
PECIAL RULE FOR NAME AND LOGO  
ROYALTIES .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (5), any income derived from any sale or licensing described in section 513(k) shall be included as an item of gross income derived from an unrelated trade or busi-ness.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. SEC. 13703. UNRELATED BUSINESS TAXABLE IN-COME SEPARATELY COMPUTED FOR EACH TRADE OR BUSINESS ACTIV-ITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 512 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(6) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ORGANIZATION WITH  
MORE THAN 1 UNRELATED TRADE OR BUSI -
NESS.—In the case of any organization with more than 1 unrelated trade or business— ‘‘(A) unrelated business taxable income, in-cluding for purposes of determining any net operating loss deduction, shall be computed separately with respect to each such trade or business and without regard to subsection (b)(12), ‘‘(B) the unrelated business taxable income of such organization shall be the sum of the unrelated business taxable income so com-puted with respect to each such trade or business, less a specific deduction under sub-section (b)(12), and ‘‘(C) for purposes of subparagraph (B), un-related business taxable income with respect to any such trade or business shall not be less than zero.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except to the extent pro-vided in paragraph (2), the amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) C
ARRYOVERS OF NET OPERATING  
LOSSES .—If any net operating loss arising in a taxable year beginning before January 1, 2018, is carried over to a taxable year begin-ning on or after such date— (A) subparagraph (A) of section 512(a)(6) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by this Act, shall not apply to such net oper-ating loss, and (B) the unrelated business taxable income of the organization, after the application of subparagraph (B) of such section, shall be re-duced by the amount of such net operating loss. 
SEC. 13704. REPEAL OF TAX-EXEMPT STATUS FOR PROFESSIONAL SPORTS LEAGUES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (6) of section 501(c) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘, boards of trade, or profes-sional’’ and all that follows through ‘‘play-ers)’’ and inserting ‘‘, or boards of trade’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This paragraph shall not apply to any pro-fessional sports league (whether or not ad-ministering a pension fund for players).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13705. MODIFICATION OF TAXES ON EXCESS BENEFIT TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) O RGANIZATION LEVEL TAX.—Subsection (a) of section 4958 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) O
N THE ORGANIZATION .—In any case in which a tax is imposed by paragraph (1), there is hereby imposed on the organization a tax equal to 10 percent of the excess ben-efit, unless the participation of the organiza-tion in the excess benefit transaction is not willful and is due to reasonable cause.’’. (b) M
INIMUM STANDARDS OF ORGANIZATION  D
UEDILIGENCE .—Subsection (d) of section 4958 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) M
INIMUM STANDARDS OF ORGANIZATION  
DUE DILIGENCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a)(3) shall not apply to a transaction, if— ‘‘(i) the organization establishes that the minimum standards of due diligence de-scribed in subparagraph (B) were met with respect to the transaction, or ‘‘(ii) the organization establishes to the satisfaction of the Secretary that other rea-sonable procedures were used to ensure that no excess benefit was provided. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7447 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(B) M INIMUM STANDARDS .—An organiza-tion shall be treated as satisfying the min-imum standards of due diligence described in this subparagraph with respect to any trans-action, if— ‘‘(i) the transaction was approved in ad-vance by an authorized body of the organiza-tion composed entirely of individuals who did not have a conflict of interest with re-spect to the transaction, ‘‘(ii) the authorized body obtained and re-lied upon appropriate data as to com-parability prior to approval of the trans-action, and ‘‘(iii) the authorized body adequately and concurrently documented the basis for ap-proving the transaction. ‘‘(C) N
O PRESUMPTION AS TO REASONABLE -
NESS.—Meeting the requirements of clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) with respect to a transaction shall not give rise to a pre-sumption of reasonableness for purposes of the taxes imposed by paragraphs (1) of (2) of subsection (a) and shall not, by itself, sup-port a conclusion that a manager did not act knowingly for purposes of subsection (a)(2) or that the organization did not act wilfully or without reasonable cause for purposes of subsection (a)(3).’’. (c) R
EPEAL OF EXCEPTION FOR MANAGER RE-
LIANCE ON PROFESSIONAL ADVICE .—Section 4958 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(g) N
OSAFE HARBOR FOR RELIANCE ON  P
ROFESSIONAL ADVICE .—An organization manager’s reliance on a written opinion of a professional with respect to elements of a transaction within the professional’s exper-tise shall not, by itself, preclude the man-ager from being treated as participating in the transaction knowingly.’’. (d) A
THLETIC COACHES AND INVESTMENT  M
ANAGERS TREATED AS DISQUALIFIED PER-
SONS.— (1) A
THLETIC COACHES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 4958(f) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end of subparagraph (F) and in-serting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) which involves an eligible educational institution (as defined in section 25A(f)(2)), any person who performs services as an ath-letic coach for the organization.’’. (B) F
AMILY MEMBERS .—Subparagraph (B) of section 4958(f)(1) is amended by inserting ‘‘or (G)’’ after ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’. (2) I
NVESTMENT ADVISORS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (F) of sec-tion 4958(f)(1) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘which involves a spon-soring organization (as defined in section 4966(d)(1)),’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘such sponsoring organiza-tion (as so defined)’’ and inserting ‘‘the orga-nization’’. (B) I
NVESTMENT ADVISOR DEFINITION .—Sub- paragraph (B) of section 4958(f)(8) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) I
NVESTMENT ADVISOR DEFINED .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘in-vestment advisor’ means— ‘‘(i) with respect to any organization, any person who is compensated by such organiza-tion and is primarily responsible for man-aging the investment of, or providing invest-ment advice with respect to, assets of such organization, and ‘‘(ii) with respect to any sponsoring organi-zation (as defined in section 4966(d)(1)), any person (other than an employee of such orga-nization) compensated by such organization for managing the investment of, or providing investment advice with respect to, assets maintained in donor advised funds (as de-fined in section 4966(d)(2)) owned by such or-ganization.’’. (e) APPLICATION TO UNIONS AND TRADE AS-
SOCIATIONS .—Paragraph (1) of section 4958(e) is amended by inserting ‘‘(5), (6),’’ after ‘‘(4),’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13706. EXCEPTION FROM PRIVATE FOUNDA-TION EXCESS BUSINESS HOLDING TAX FOR INDEPENDENTLY-OPER-ATED PHILANTHROPIC BUSINESS HOLDINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4943 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(g) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN HOLDINGS LIM-
ITED TO INDEPENDENTLY -OPERATED PHILAN -
THROPIC BUSINESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to the holdings of a pri-vate foundation in any business enterprise which meets the requirements of paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) for the taxable year. ‘‘(2) O
WNERSHIP .—The requirements of this paragraph are met if— ‘‘(A) 100 percent of the voting stock in the business enterprise is held by the private foundation at all times during the taxable year, and ‘‘(B) all the private foundation’s ownership interests in the business enterprise were ac-quired by means other than by purchase. ‘‘(3) A
LL PROFITS TO CHARITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The requirements of this paragraph are met if the business enter-prise, not later than 120 days after the close of the taxable year, distributes an amount equal to its net operating income for such taxable year to the private foundation. ‘‘(B) N
ET OPERATING INCOME .—For purposes of this paragraph, the net operating income of any business enterprise for any taxable year is an amount equal to the gross income of the business enterprise for the taxable year, reduced by the sum of— ‘‘(i) the deductions allowed by chapter 1 for the taxable year which are directly con-nected with the production of such income, ‘‘(ii) the tax imposed by chapter 1 on the business enterprise for the taxable year, and ‘‘(iii) an amount for a reasonable reserve for working capital and other business needs of the business enterprise. ‘‘(4) I
NDEPENDENT OPERATION .—The require-ments of this paragraph are met if, at all times during the taxable year— ‘‘(A) no substantial contributor (as defined in section 4958(c)(3)(C)) to the private foun-dation or family member (as determined under section 4958(f)(4)) of such a contributor is a director, officer, trustee, manager, em-ployee, or contractor of the business enter-prise (or an individual having powers or re-sponsibilities similar to any of the fore-going), ‘‘(B) at least a majority of the board of di-rectors of the private foundation are persons who are not— ‘‘(i) directors or officers of the business en-terprise, or ‘‘(ii) family members (as so determined) of a substantial contributor (as so defined) to the private foundation, and ‘‘(C) there is no loan outstanding from the business enterprise to a substantial contrib-utor (as so defined) to the private foundation or to any family member of such a contrib-utor (as so determined). ‘‘(5) C
ERTAIN DEEMED PRIVATE FOUNDATIONS  
EXCLUDED .—This subsection shall not apply to— ‘‘(A) any fund or organization treated as a private foundation for purposes of this sec-tion by reason of subsection (e) or (f), ‘‘(B) any trust described in section 4947(a)(1) (relating to charitable trusts), and ‘‘(C) any trust described in section 4947(a)(2) (relating to split-interest trusts).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13707. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR AMOUNTS PAID IN EXCHANGE FOR COLLEGE ATHLETIC EVENT SEAT-ING RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 170(l)(1) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No deduction shall be al-lowed under this section for any amount de-scribed in paragraph (2).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to contribu-tions made in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13708. REPEAL OF SUBSTANTIATION EXCEP-TION IN CASE OF CONTRIBUTIONS REPORTED BY DONEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 170(f)(8) is amend-ed by striking subparagraph (D) and by re-designating subparagraph (E) as subpara-graph (D). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to contribu-tions made in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. PART IX—OTHER PROVISIONS Subpart A—Craft Beverage Modernization and Tax Reform 
SEC. 13801. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this subpart, the amendments made by this subpart, or any regulation pro-mulgated under this subpart or the amend-ments made by this subpart, shall be con-strued to preempt, supersede, or otherwise limit or restrict any State, local, or tribal law that prohibits or regulates the produc-tion or sale of distilled spirits, wine, or malt beverages. 
SEC. 13802. PRODUCTION PERIOD FOR BEER, WINE, AND DISTILLED SPIRITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 263A(f) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5), and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) E
XEMPTION FOR AGING PROCESS OF  
BEER , WINE, AND DISTILLED SPIRITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the production period shall not in-clude the aging period for— ‘‘(i) beer (as defined in section 5052(a)), ‘‘(ii) wine (as described in section 5041(a)), or ‘‘(iii) distilled spirits (as defined in section 5002(a)(8)), except such spirits that are unfit for use for beverage purposes. ‘‘(B) T
ERMINATION .—This paragraph shall not apply to interest costs paid or accrued after December 31, 2019.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (5)(B)(ii) of section 263A(f), as redesignated by this section, is amended by inserting ‘‘ex-cept as provided in paragraph (4),’’ before ‘‘ending on the date’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to interest costs paid or accrued in calendar years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13803. REDUCED RATE OF EXCISE TAX ON BEER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 5051(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) I
MPOSITION OF TAX .—A tax is hereby imposed on all beer brewed or produced, and removed for consumption or sale, within the United States, or imported into the United States. Except as provided in paragraph (2), the rate of such tax shall be the amount de-termined under this paragraph. ‘‘(B) R
ATE.—Except as provided in subpara-graph (B), the rate of tax shall be $18 for per barrel. ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE .—In the case of beer re-moved after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2020, the rate of tax shall be— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7448 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(i) $16 on the first 6,000,000 barrels of beer— ‘‘(I) brewed by the brewer and removed during the calendar year for consumption or sale, or ‘‘(II) imported by the importer into the United States during the calendar year, and ‘‘(ii) $18 on any barrels of beer to which clause (i) does not apply. ‘‘(D) B
ARREL .—For purposes of this section, a barrel shall contain not more than 31 gal-lons of beer, and any tax imposed under this section shall be applied at a like rate for any other quantity or for fractional parts of a barrel.’’. (b) R
EDUCED RATE FOR CERTAIN DOMESTIC  P
RODUCTION .—Subparagraph (A) of section 5051(a)(2) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
$7 A BAR -
REL’’, and (2) by inserting ‘‘($3.50 in the case of beer removed after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2020)’’ after ‘‘$7’’. (c) A
PPLICATION OF REDUCED TAXRATE FOR  F
OREIGN MANUFACTURERS AND IMPORTERS .— Subsection (a) of section 5051 is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C)(ii) of paragraph (1), as amended by subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘but only if the importer is an electing im-porter under paragraph (4) and the barrels have been assigned to the importer pursuant to such paragraph’’ after ‘‘during the cal-endar year’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) R
EDUCED TAX RATE FOR FOREIGN MANU -
FACTURERS AND IMPORTERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any bar-rels of beer which have been brewed or pro-duced outside of the United States and im-ported into the United States, the rate of tax applicable under clause (i) of paragraph (1)(C) (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘reduced tax rate’) may be assigned by the brewer (provided that the brewer makes an election described in subparagraph (B)(ii)) to any electing importer of such barrels pursu-ant to the requirements established by the Secretary under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
SSIGNMENT .—The Secretary shall, through such rules, regulations, and proce-dures as are determined appropriate, estab-lish procedures for assignment of the reduced tax rate provided under this paragraph, which shall include— ‘‘(i) a limitation to ensure that the number of barrels of beer for which the reduced tax rate has been assigned by a brewer— ‘‘(I) to any importer does not exceed the number of barrels of beer brewed or produced by such brewer during the calendar year which were imported into the United States by such importer, and ‘‘(II) to all importers does not exceed the 6,000,000 barrels to which the reduced tax rate applies, ‘‘(ii) procedures that allow the election of a brewer to assign and an importer to receive the reduced tax rate provided under this paragraph, ‘‘(iii) requirements that the brewer provide any information as the Secretary determines necessary and appropriate for purposes of carrying out this paragraph, and ‘‘(iv) procedures that allow for revocation of eligibility of the brewer and the importer for the reduced tax rate provided under this paragraph in the case of any erroneous or fraudulent information provided under clause (iii) which the Secretary deems to be material to qualifying for such reduced rate. ‘‘(C) C
ONTROLLED GROUP .—For purposes of this section, any importer making an elec-tion described in subparagraph (B)(ii) shall be deemed to be a member of the controlled group of the brewer, as described under para-graph (5).’’. (d) CONTROLLED GROUP AND SINGLE TAX-
PAYER RULES .—Subsection (a) of section 5051, as amended by this section, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking subparagraph (B), and (B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B), and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) C
ONTROLLED GROUP AND SINGLE TAX -
PAYER RULES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), in the case of a controlled group, the 6,000,000 barrel quantity specified in paragraph (1)(C)(i) and the 2,000,000 barrel quantity specified in paragraph (2)(A) shall be applied to the controlled group, and the 6,000,000 barrel quantity specified in para-graph (1)(C)(i) and the 60,000 barrel quantity specified in paragraph (2)(A) shall be appor-tioned among the brewers who are members of such group in such manner as the Sec-retary or their delegate shall by regulations prescribe. For purposes of the preceding sen-tence, the term ‘controlled group’ has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (a) of section 1563, except that for such purposes the phrase ‘more than 50 percent’ shall be substituted for the phrase ‘at least 80 per-cent’ in each place it appears in such sub-section. Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary, principles similar to the prin-ciples of the preceding two sentences shall be applied to a group of brewers under common control where one or more of the brewers is not a corporation. ‘‘(B) F
OREIGN MANUFACTURERS AND IMPORT -
ERS.—For purposes of paragraph (4), in the case of a controlled group, the 6,000,000 bar-rel quantity specified in paragraph (1)(C)(i) shall be applied to the controlled group and apportioned among the members of such group in such manner as the Secretary shall by regulations prescribe. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term ‘controlled group’ has the meaning given such term under subparagraph (A). Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary, principles simi-lar to the principles of the preceding two sentences shall be applied to a group of brew-ers under common control where one or more of the brewers is not a corporation. ‘‘(C) S
INGLE TAXPAYER .—Pursuant to rules issued by the Secretary, two or more entities (whether or not under common control) that produce beer marketed under a similar brand, license, franchise, or other arrange-ment shall be treated as a single taxpayer for purposes of the application of this sub-section.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to beer re-moved after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13804. SIMPLIFICATION OF RULES REGARD-ING RECORDS, STATEMENTS, AND RETURNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 5555 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘For calendar quarters beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2020, the Secretary shall permit a person to employ a unified system for any records, statements, and returns required to be kept, rendered, or made under this section for any beer produced in the brewery for which the tax imposed by section 5051 has been deter-mined, including any beer which has been re-moved for consumption on the premises of the brewery.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to any cal-endar quarters beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13805. TRANSFER OF BEER BETWEEN BOND-ED FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5414 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Beer may be removed’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Beer may be re-moved’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) T
RANSFER OF BEER BETWEEN BONDED  F
ACILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Beer may be removed from one brewery to another bonded brew-ery, without payment of tax, and may be mingled with beer at the receiving brewery, subject to such conditions, including pay-ment of the tax, and in such containers, as the Secretary by regulations shall prescribe, which shall include— ‘‘(A) any removal from one brewery to an-other brewery belonging to the same brewer, ‘‘(B) any removal from a brewery owned by one corporation to a brewery owned by an-other corporation when— ‘‘(i) one such corporation owns the control-ling interest in the other such corporation, or ‘‘(ii) the controlling interest in each such corporation is owned by the same person or persons, and ‘‘(C) any removal from one brewery to an-other brewery when— ‘‘(i) the proprietors of transferring and re-ceiving premises are independent of each other and neither has a proprietary interest, directly or indirectly, in the business of the other, and ‘‘(ii) the transferor has divested itself of all interest in the beer so transferred and the transferee has accepted responsibility for payment of the tax. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF LIABILITY FOR TAX .—For purposes of paragraph (1)(C), such relief from liability shall be effective from the time of removal from the transferor’s bonded prem-ises, or from the time of divestment of inter-est, whichever is later. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION .—This subsection shall not apply to any calendar quarter beginning after December 31, 2019.’’. (b) R
EMOVAL FROMBREWERY BY PIPELINE .— Section 5412 is amended by inserting ‘‘pursu-ant to section 5414 or’’ before ‘‘by pipeline’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to any cal-endar quarters beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13806. REDUCED RATE OF EXCISE TAX ON CERTAIN WINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5041(c) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) S
PECIAL RULE FOR 2018 AND 2019 .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of wine re-moved after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2020, paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply and there shall be allowed as a credit against any tax imposed by this title (other than chapters 2, 21, and 22) an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(i) $1 per wine gallon on the first 30,000 wine gallons of wine, plus ‘‘(ii) 90 cents per wine gallon on the first 100,000 wine gallons of wine to which clause (i) does not apply, plus ‘‘(iii) 53.5 cents per wine gallon on the first 620,000 wine gallons of wine to which clauses (i) and (ii) do not apply, which are produced by the producer and re-moved during the calendar year for consump-tion or sale, or which are imported by the importer into the United States during the calendar year. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT OF CREDIT FOR HARD  
CIDER .—In the case of wine described in sub-section (b)(6), subparagraph (A) of this para-graph shall be applied— ‘‘(i) in clause (i) of such subparagraph, by substituting ‘6.2 cents’ for ‘$1’, ‘‘(ii) in clause (ii) of such subparagraph, by substituting ‘5.6 cents’ for ‘90 cents’, and ‘‘(iii) in clause (iii) of such subparagraph, by substituting ‘3.3 cents’ for ‘53.5 cents’.’’, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7449 November 29, 2017 
(b) C ONTROLLED GROUP AND SINGLE TAX-
PAYER RULES .—Paragraph (4) of section 5041(c) is amended by striking ‘‘section 5051(a)(2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5051(a)(5)’’. (c) A
LLOWANCE OF CREDIT FOR FOREIGN  M
ANUFACTURERS AND IMPORTERS .—Sub- section (c) of section 5041, as amended by subsection (a), is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (8), by inserting ‘‘but only if the importer is an electing importer under paragraph (9) and the wine gallons of wine have been assigned to the importer pursuant to such paragraph’’ after ‘‘into the United States during the cal-endar year’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) A
LLOWANCE OF CREDIT FOR FOREIGN  
MANUFACTURERS AND IMPORTERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any wine gallons of wine which have been produced outside of the United States and imported into the United States, the credit allowable under paragraph (8) (referred to in this para-graph as the ‘tax credit’) may be assigned by the person who produced such wine (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘foreign pro-ducer’), provided that such person makes an election described in subparagraph (B)(ii), to any electing importer of such wine gallons pursuant to the requirements established by the Secretary under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
SSIGNMENT .—The Secretary shall, through such rules, regulations, and proce-dures as are determined appropriate, estab-lish procedures for assignment of the tax credit provided under this paragraph, which shall include— ‘‘(i) a limitation to ensure that the number of wine gallons of wine for which the tax credit has been assigned by a foreign pro-ducer— ‘‘(I) to any importer does not exceed the number of wine gallons of wine produced by such foreign producer during the calendar year which were imported into the United States by such importer, and ‘‘(II) to all importers does not exceed the 750,000 wine gallons of wine to which the tax credit applies, ‘‘(ii) procedures that allow the election of a foreign producer to assign and an importer to receive the tax credit provided under this paragraph, ‘‘(iii) requirements that the foreign pro-ducer provide any information as the Sec-retary determines necessary and appropriate for purposes of carrying out this paragraph, and ‘‘(iv) procedures that allow for revocation of eligibility of the foreign producer and the importer for the tax credit provided under this paragraph in the case of any erroneous or fraudulent information provided under clause (iii) which the Secretary deems to be material to qualifying for such credit. ‘‘(C) C
ONTROLLED GROUP .—For purposes of this section, any importer making an elec-tion described in subparagraph (B)(ii) shall be deemed to be a member of the controlled group of the foreign producer, as described under paragraph (4).’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to wine re-moved after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13807. ADJUSTMENT OF ALCOHOL CONTENT LEVEL FOR APPLICATION OF EXCISE TAX RATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 5041(b) are each amended by inserting ‘‘(16 percent in the case of wine removed after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2020’’ after ‘‘14 percent’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to wine re-moved after December 31, 2017. SEC. 13808. DEFINITION OF MEAD AND LOW AL-COHOL BY VOLUME WINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5041 is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Still wines’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (h), still wines’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) M
EAD AND LOWALCOHOL BY VOLUME  W
INE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of sub-sections (a) and (b)(1), mead and low alcohol by volume wine shall be deemed to be still wines containing not more than 16 percent of alcohol by volume. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .— ‘‘(A) M
EAD.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘mead’ means a wine— ‘‘(i) containing not more than 0.64 gram of carbon dioxide per hundred milliliters of wine, except that the Secretary shall by reg-ulations prescribe such tolerances to this limitation as may be reasonably necessary in good commercial practice, ‘‘(ii) which is derived solely from honey and water, ‘‘(iii) which contains no fruit product or fruit flavoring, and ‘‘(iv) which contains less than 8.5 percent alcohol by volume. ‘‘(B) L
OW ALCOHOL BY VOLUME WINE .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘low alco-hol by volume wine’ means a wine— ‘‘(i) containing not more than 0.64 gram of carbon dioxide per hundred milliliters of wine, except that the Secretary shall by reg-ulations prescribe such tolerances to this limitation as may be reasonably necessary in good commercial practice, ‘‘(ii) which is derived— ‘‘(I) primarily from grapes, or ‘‘(II) from grape juice concentrate and water, ‘‘(iii) which contains no fruit product or fruit flavoring other than grape, and ‘‘(iv) which contains less than 8.5 percent alcohol by volume. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION .—This subsection shall not apply to wine removed after December 31, 2019.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to wine re-moved after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13809. REDUCED RATE OF EXCISE TAX ON CERTAIN DISTILLED SPIRITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5001 is amended by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d) and by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) R
EDUCED RATE FOR 2018 AND2019.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a distilled spirits operation, the otherwise applicable tax rate under subsection (a)(1) shall be— ‘‘(A) $2.70 per proof gallon on the first 100,000 proof gallons of distilled spirits, and ‘‘(B) $13.34 per proof gallon on the first 22,130,000 of proof gallons of distilled spirits to which subparagraph (A) does not apply, which have been distilled or processed by such operation and removed during the cal-endar year for consumption or sale, or which have been imported by the importer into the United States during the calendar year. ‘‘(2) C
ONTROLLED GROUPS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a con-trolled group, the proof gallon quantities specified under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) shall be applied to such group and apportioned among the members of such group in such manner as the Secretary or their delegate shall by regulations prescribe. ‘‘(B) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), the term ‘controlled group’ shall have the meaning given such term by sub-section (a) of section 1563, except that ‘more than 50 percent’ shall be substituted for ‘at least 80 percent’ each place it appears in such subsection. ‘‘(C) RULES FOR NON -CORPORATIONS .—Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary, principles similar to the principles of sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) shall be applied to a group under common control where one or more of the persons is not a corporation. ‘‘(D) S
INGLE TAXPAYER .—Pursuant to rules issued by the Secretary, two or more entities (whether or not under common control) that produce distilled spirits marketed under a similar brand, license, franchise, or other ar-rangement shall be treated as a single tax-payer for purposes of the application of this subsection. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION .—This subsection shall not apply to distilled spirits removed after December 31, 2019.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 7652(f)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 5001(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1) of section 5001, determined as if subsection (c)(1) of such section did not apply’’. (c) A
PPLICATION OF REDUCED TAXRATE FOR  F
OREIGN MANUFACTURERS AND IMPORTERS .— Subsection (c) of section 5001, as added by subsection (a), is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘but only if the importer is an electing importer under paragraph (3) and the proof gallons of dis-tilled spirits have been assigned to the im-porter pursuant to such paragraph’’ after ‘‘into the United States during the calendar year’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) R
EDUCED TAX RATE FOR FOREIGN MANU -
FACTURERS AND IMPORTERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any proof gallons of distilled spirits which have been produced outside of the United States and imported into the United States, the rate of tax applicable under paragraph (1) (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘reduced tax rate’) may be assigned by the distilled sprits operation (provided that such operation makes an election described in subparagraph (B)(ii)) to any electing importer of such proof gallons pursuant to the requirements established by the Secretary under subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(B) A
SSIGNMENT .—The Secretary shall, through such rules, regulations, and proce-dures as are determined appropriate, estab-lish procedures for assignment of the reduced tax rate provided under this paragraph, which shall include— ‘‘(i) a limitation to ensure that the number of proof gallons of distilled spirits for which the reduced tax rate has been assigned by a distilled spirits operation— ‘‘(I) to any importer does not exceed the number of proof gallons produced by such op-eration during the calendar year which were imported into the United States by such im-porter, and ‘‘(II) to all importers does not exceed the 22,230,000 proof gallons of distilled spirits to which the reduced tax rate applies, ‘‘(ii) procedures that allow the election of a distilled spirits operation to assign and an importer to receive the reduced tax rate pro-vided under this paragraph, ‘‘(iii) requirements that the distilled spir-its operation provide any information as the Secretary determines necessary and appro-priate for purposes of carrying out this para-graph, and ‘‘(iv) procedures that allow for revocation of eligibility of the distilled spirits operation and the importer for the reduced tax rate provided under this paragraph in the case of any erroneous or fraudulent information pro-vided under clause (iii) which the Secretary deems to be material to qualifying for such reduced rate. ‘‘(C) C
ONTROLLED GROUP .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7450 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(i) I N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, any importer making an election de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(ii) shall be deemed to be a member of the controlled group of the distilled spirits operation, as de-scribed under paragraph (2). ‘‘(ii) A
PPORTIONMENT .—For purposes of this paragraph, in the case of a controlled group, rules similar to section 5051(a)(5)(B) shall apply.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distilled spirits removed after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13810. BULK DISTILLED SPIRITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5212 is amended by adding at the end the following sentence: ‘‘In the case of distilled spirits transferred in bond after December 31, 2017, and before Jan-uary 1, 2020, this section shall be applied without regard to whether distilled spirits are bulk distilled spirits.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply distilled spirits transferred in bond after December 31, 2017. Subpart B—Miscellaneous Provisions 
SEC. 13821. MODIFICATION OF TAX TREATMENT OF ALASKA NATIVE CORPORATIONS AND SETTLEMENT TRUSTS. 
(a) E XCLUSION FOR ANCSA P AYMENTS AS-
SIGNED TO ALASKA NATIVE SETTLEMENT  T
RUSTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before sec-tion 140 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 139G. ASSIGNMENTS TO ALASKA NATIVE SETTLEMENT TRUSTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a Native Corporation, gross income shall not include the value of any payments that would other-wise be made, or treated as being made, to such Native Corporation pursuant to, or as required by, any provision of the Alaska Na-tive Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), including any payment that would oth-erwise be made to a Village Corporation pur-suant to section 7(j) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1606(j)), provided that any such payments— ‘‘(1) are assigned in writing to a Settle-ment Trust, and ‘‘(2) were not received by such Native Cor-poration prior to the assignment described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) I
NCLUSION IN GROSS INCOME .—In the case of a Settlement Trust which has been assigned payments described in subsection (a), gross income shall include such pay-ments when received by such Settlement Trust pursuant to the assignment and shall have the same character as if such payments were received by the Native Corporation. ‘‘(c) A
MOUNT AND SCOPE OF ASSIGNMENT .— The amount and scope of any assignment under subsection (a) shall be described with reasonable particularity and may either be in a percentage of one or more such pay-ments or in a fixed dollar amount. ‘‘(d) D
URATION OF ASSIGNMENT ; R
EVOCABILITY .—Any assignment under sub-section (a) shall specify— ‘‘(1) a duration either in perpetuity or for a period of time, and ‘‘(2) whether such assignment is revocable. ‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION ON DEDUCTION .—Notwith- standing section 247, no deduction shall be allowed to a Native Corporation for purposes of any amounts described in subsection (a). ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the terms ‘Native Corporation’ and ‘Settlement Trust’ have the same meaning given such terms under section 646(h).’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part III of subchapter B of chap-ter 1 is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 140 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 139G. Assignments to Alaska Native Settlement Trusts.’’. (3) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2016. (b) D
EDUCTION OF CONTRIBUTIONS TO ALAS-
KANATIVE SETTLEMENT TRUSTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before section 248 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 247. CONTRIBUTIONS TO ALASKA NATIVE SETTLEMENT TRUSTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a Native Corporation, there shall be allowed a deduc-tion for any contributions made by such Na-tive Corporation to a Settlement Trust (re-gardless of whether an election under section 646 is in effect for such Settlement Trust) for which the Native Corporation has made an annual election under subsection (e). ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT OF DEDUCTION .—The amount of the deduction under subsection (a) shall be equal to— ‘‘(1) in the case of a cash contribution (re-gardless of the method of payment, including currency, coins, money order, or check), the amount of such contribution, or ‘‘(2) in the case of a contribution not de-scribed in paragraph (1), the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the Native Corporation’s adjusted basis in the property contributed, or ‘‘(B) the fair market value of the property contributed. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION AND CARRYOVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the deduction allowed under subsection (a) for any taxable year shall not exceed the taxable income (as determined without re-gard to such deduction) of the Native Cor-poration for the taxable year in which the contribution was made. ‘‘(2) C
ARRYOVER .—If the aggregate amount of contributions described in subsection (a) for any taxable year exceeds the limitation under paragraph (1), such excess shall be treated as a contribution described in sub-section (a) in each of the 15 succeeding years in order of time. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the terms ‘Native Corporation’ and ‘Settlement Trust’ have the same meaning given such terms under section 646(h). ‘‘(e) M
ANNER OF MAKING ELECTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each taxable year, a Native Corporation may elect to have this section apply for such taxable year on the in-come tax return or an amendment or supple-ment to the return of the Native Corpora-tion, with such election to have effect solely for such taxable year. ‘‘(2) R
EVOCATION .—Any election made by a Native Corporation pursuant to this sub-section may be revoked pursuant to an amendment or supplement to the income tax return which has been timely filed by such Native Corporation. ‘‘(f) A
DDITIONAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) E
ARNINGS AND PROFITS .—Notwith- standing section 646(d)(2), in the case of a Native Corporation which claims a deduction under this section for any taxable year, the earnings and profits of such Native Corpora-tion for such taxable year shall be reduced by the amount of such deduction. ‘‘(2) G
AIN OR LOSS .—No gain or loss shall be recognized by the Native Corporation with respect to a contribution of property for which a deduction is allowed under this sec-tion. ‘‘(3) I
NCOME .—Subject to subsection (g), a Settlement Trust shall include in income the amount of any deduction allowed under this section in the taxable year in which the Set-tlement Trust actually receives such con-tribution. ‘‘(4) P
ERIOD .—The holding period under sec-tion 1223 of the Settlement Trust shall in-clude the period the property was held by the Native Corporation. ‘‘(5) BASIS.—The basis that a Settlement Trust has for which a deduction is allowed under this section shall be equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the adjusted basis of the Native Cor-poration in such property immediately be-fore such contribution, or ‘‘(B) the fair market value of the property immediately before such contribution. ‘‘(6) P
ROHIBITION .—No deduction shall be allowed under this section with respect to any contributions made to a Settlement Trust which are in violation of subsection (a)(2) or (c)(2) of section 39 of the Alaska Na-tive Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1629e). ‘‘(g) E
LECTION BY SETTLEMENT TRUST TO D
EFER INCOME RECOGNITION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a contribu-tion which consists of property other than cash, a Settlement Trust may elect to defer recognition of any income related to such property until the sale or exchange of such property, in whole or in part, by the Settle-ment Trust. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT .—In the case of property described in paragraph (1), any income or gain realized on the sale or exchange of such property shall be treated as— ‘‘(A) for such amount of the income or gain as is equal to or less than the amount of in-come which would be included in income at the time of contribution under subsection (f)(3) but for the taxpayer’s election under this subsection, ordinary income, and ‘‘(B) for any amounts of the income or gain which are in excess of the amount of income which would be included in income at the time of contribution under subsection (f)(3) but for the taxpayer’s election under this subsection, having the same character as if this subsection did not apply. ‘‘(3) E
LECTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For each taxable year, a Settlement Trust may elect to apply this subsection for any property described in paragraph (1) which was contributed during such year. Any property to which the elec-tion applies shall be identified and described with reasonable particularity on the income tax return or an amendment or supplement to the return of the Settlement Trust, with such election to have effect solely for such taxable year. ‘‘(B) R
EVOCATION .—Any election made by a Settlement Trust pursuant to this sub-section may be revoked pursuant to an amended income tax return which has been timely filed by such Settlement Trust. ‘‘(C) C
ERTAIN DISPOSITIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any prop-erty for which an election is in effect under this subsection and which is disposed of within the first taxable year subsequent to the taxable year in which such property was contributed to the Settlement Trust— ‘‘(I) this section shall be applied as if the election under this subsection had not been made, ‘‘(II) any income or gain which would have been included in the year of contribution under subsection (f)(3) but for the taxpayer’s election under this subsection shall be in-cluded in income for the taxable year of such contribution, and ‘‘(III) the Settlement Trust shall pay any increase in tax resulting from such inclu-sion, including any applicable interest, and increased by 10 percent of the amount of such increase with interest. ‘‘(ii) A
SSESSMENT .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 6501(a), any amount described in sub-clause (III) of clause (i) may be assessed, or a proceeding in court with respect to such amount may be initiated without assess-ment, within 4 years after the date on which the return making the election under this subsection for such property was filed.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7451 November 29, 2017 
(2) C ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 248 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 247. Contributions to Alaska Native Settlement Trusts.’’. (3) P
ERMISSIVE AMENDMENTS TO TRUST  
AGREEMENTS ESTABLISHING SETTLEMENT  
TRUSTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any pro-vision of law, including any provision of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), Alaska State law, or the terms of any trust agreement of a Settle-ment Trust (as defined under section 3(t) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602(t))), the terms of any trust agree-ment of a Settlement Trust may, within the 1-year period following the date of the enact-ment of this Act, be amended as necessary to allow such Trust to make an election de-scribed in subsection (g) of section 247 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by paragraph (1)). (B) A
MENDMENT .—An amendment described in subparagraph (A) shall be enacted pursu-ant to one or more agreements between the Native Corporation that established the Set-tlement Trust and the trustees of such Trust and shall not require any vote by the bene-ficiaries of such Trust or the shareholders of such Native Corporation. (C) R
EGISTRATION STATEMENT .—Any Settle-ment Trust which was registered in accord-ance with Alaska State law prior to the date of the enactment of an amendment described in subparagraph (A) shall not be required to file a new or amended registration statement to reflect such amendment. (4) E
FFECTIVE DATE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to taxable years for which the period of limitation on refund or credit under section 6511 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 has not expired. (B) O
NE-YEAR WAIVER OF STATUTE OF LIMI -
TATIONS .—If the period of limitation on a credit or refund resulting from the amend-ments made by paragraph (1) expires before the end of the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, refund or credit of such overpayment (to the extent at-tributable to such amendments) may, never-theless, be made or allowed if claim therefor is filed before the close of such 1-year period. (c) I
NFORMATION REPORTING FOR DEDUCT -
IBLE CONTRIBUTIONS TO ALASKA NATIVE SET-
TLEMENT TRUSTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 6039H is amend-ed— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
SPON -
SORING ’’, and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) D
EDUCTIBLE CONTRIBUTIONS BY NATIVE  C
ORPORATIONS TO ALASKA NATIVE SETTLE -
MENT TRUSTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any Native Corporation (as defined in subsection (m) of section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602(m))) which has made a contribu-tion to a Settlement Trust (as defined in subsection (t) of such section) to which an election under subsection (e) of section 247 applies shall provide such Settlement Trust with a statement regarding such election not later than January 31 of the calendar year subsequent to the calendar year in which the contribution was made. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENT OF STATEMENT .—The state-ment described in paragraph (1) shall in-clude— ‘‘(A) the total amount of contributions to which the election under subsection (e) of section 247 applies, ‘‘(B) for each contribution, whether such contribution was in cash, ‘‘(C) for each contribution which consists of property other than cash, the date that such property was acquired by the Native Corporation and the adjusted basis of such property on the date such property was con-tributed to the Settlement Trust, ‘‘(D) the date on which each contribution was made to the Settlement Trust, and ‘‘(E) such information as the Secretary de-termines to be necessary or appropriate for the identification of each contribution and the accurate inclusion of income relating to such contributions by the Settlement Trust.’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item re-lating to section 6039H in the table of sec-tions for subpart A of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 6039H. Information With Respect to Alaska Native Settlement Trusts and Native Corpora-tions.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2016. (d) S
TATUTORY CONSTRUCTION .—This sec-tion is remedial Indian legislation enacted under the plenary authority of the Congress under the Constitution of the United States to regulate Indian affairs, and any ambigu-ities in section 139F or 247 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by this Act, shall be resolved in favor of Native Corpora-tions attempting to exclude income or claim a deduction thereunder. 
SEC. 13822. AMOUNTS PAID FOR AIRCRAFT MAN-AGEMENT SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 4261 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) A
MOUNTS PAID FOR AIRCRAFT MANAGE -
MENT SERVICES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—No tax shall be imposed by this section or section 4271 on any amounts paid by an aircraft owner for air-craft management services related to— ‘‘(i) maintenance and support of the air-craft owner’s aircraft, or ‘‘(ii) flights on the aircraft owner’s air-craft. ‘‘(B) A
IRCRAFT MANAGEMENT SERVICES .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘air-craft management services’ includes— ‘‘(i) assisting an aircraft owner with ad-ministrative and support services, such as scheduling, flight planning, and weather forecasting, ‘‘(ii) obtaining insurance, ‘‘(iii) maintenance, storage and fueling of aircraft, ‘‘(iv) hiring, training, and provision of pi-lots and crew, ‘‘(v) establishing and complying with safe-ty standards, and ‘‘(vi) such other services as are necessary to support flights operated by an aircraft owner. ‘‘(C) L
ESSEE TREATED AS AIRCRAFT OWNER .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘aircraft owner’ includes a person who leases the aircraft other than under a disqualified lease. ‘‘(ii) D
ISQUALIFIED LEASE .—For purposes of clause (i), the term ‘disqualified lease’ means a lease from a person providing aircraft man-agement services with respect to such air-craft (or a related person (within the mean-ing of section 465(b)(3)(C)) to the person pro-viding such services), if such lease is for a term of 31 days or less. ‘‘(D) P
RO RATA ALLOCATION .—In the case of amounts paid to any person which (but for this subsection) are subject to the tax im-posed by subsection (a), a portion of which consists of amounts described in subpara-graph (A), this paragraph shall apply on a pro rata basis only to the portion which con-sists of amounts described in such subpara-graph.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to amounts paid after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 13823. OPPORTUNITY ZONES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subchapter Z—Opportunity Zones ‘‘Sec. 1400Z–1. Designation. ‘‘Sec. 1400Z–2. Special rules for capital gains invested in opportunity zones. 
‘‘SEC. 1400Z–1. DESIGNATION. 
‘‘(a) Q UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE DE-
FINED .—For the purposes of this subchapter, the term ‘qualified opportunity zone’ means a population census tract that is a low-in-come community that is designated as a qualified opportunity zone. ‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) G
OVERNOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of sub-section (a), a population census tract that is a low-income community is designated as a qualified opportunity zone if— ‘‘(i) not later than the end of the deter-mination period, the governor of the State in which the tract is located— ‘‘(I) nominates the tract for designation as a qualified opportunity zone, and ‘‘(II) notifies the Secretary in writing of such nomination, and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary certifies such nomina-tion and designates such tract as a qualified opportunity zone before the end of the con-sideration period. ‘‘(B) E
XTENSION OF PERIODS .—A governor may request that the Secretary extend ei-ther the determination or consideration pe-riod, or both (determined without regard to this subparagraph), for an additional 30 days. ‘‘(C) D
EEMED DESIGNATION IF SECRETARY  
FAILS TO ACT .—Unless the tracts are ineli-gible for designation, if the Secretary de-clines in writing to make such certification and designation or fails to act before the end of the consideration period, such nomination shall be deemed to be certified and des-ignated, effective on the day after the last day of the consideration period. ‘‘(2) S
ECRETARY .—If a governor fails to make the nominations and notifications by the end of the periods referred to in para-graphs (1)(A) and (1)(B), the Secretary shall designate and certify population census tracts that are low-income communities as qualified opportunity zones, as permitted by subsection (e). ‘‘(c) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(1) L
OW-INCOME COMMUNITIES .—The term ‘low-income community’ has the same mean-ing as when used in section 45D(e). ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF PERIODS .— ‘‘(A) C
ONSIDERATION PERIOD .—The term ‘consideration period’ means the 30-day pe-riod beginning on the date on which the Sec-retary receives notice under subsection (b)(1)(A)(i)(II), as extended under subsection (b)(1)(B). ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION PERIOD .—The term ‘determination period’ means the 90-day pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as extended under subsection (b)(1)(B). ‘‘(3) S
TATE .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘State’ includes any possession of the United States. ‘‘(d) G
UIDANCE FOR OPPORTUNITY ZONE N
OMINATIONS .—When considering the nomi-nation of qualified opportunity zones, gov-ernors should strive for the creation of quali-fied opportunity zones that are geographi-cally concentrated and contiguous clusters of population census tracts and should give particular consideration to areas that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7452 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(1) are currently the focus of mutually re-inforcing State, local, or private economic development initiatives to attract invest-ment and foster startup activity, ‘‘(2) have demonstrated success in geo-graphically targeted development programs, such as promise zones, new market tax cred-it, empowerment zones, and renewal commu-nities, and ‘‘(3) have recently experienced significant layoffs due to business closures or reloca-tions. ‘‘(e) N
UMBER OF DESIGNATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided by paragraph (2), the number of population cen-sus tracts in a State that may be designated as qualified opportunity zones under this section may not exceed 25 percent of the number of low-income communities in the State. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—If the number of low-in-come communities in a State is less than 100, then a total of 25 of such tracts may be des-ignated as qualified opportunity zones. ‘‘(f) D
ESIGNATION OF TRACTS CONTIGUOUS  W
ITHLOW-INCOME COMMUNITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A population census tract that is not a low-income community may be designated as a qualified opportunity zone under this section if— ‘‘(A) the tract is contiguous with the low- income community that is designated as a qualified opportunity zone, and ‘‘(B) the median family income of the tract does not exceed 125 percent of the median family income of the low-income community with which the tract is contiguous. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 5 percent of the population census tracts designated in a State as a qualified opportunity zone may be designated under paragraph (1). ‘‘(g) P
ERIOD FOR WHICH DESIGNATION ISI N E
FFECT .—A designation as a qualified oppor-tunity zone shall remain in effect for the pe-riod beginning on the date of the designation and ending at the close of the 10th calendar year beginning on or after such date of des-ignation. 
‘‘SEC. 1400Z–2. SPECIAL RULES FOR CAPITAL GAINS INVESTED IN OPPORTUNITY ZONES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of gain from the sale to, or exchange with, an unrelated person of any property held by the taxpayer, at the election of the taxpayer— ‘‘(1) gross income for the taxable year shall not include so much of such gain as does not exceed the aggregate amount invested by the taxpayer in a qualified opportunity fund dur-ing the 180-day period beginning on the date of such sale or exchange, ‘‘(2) the amount of gain excluded by para-graph (1) shall be included in gross income as provided by subsection (b), and ‘‘(3) subsection (c) shall apply. No election may be made under the pre-ceding sentence with respect to a sale or ex-change if an election previously made with respect to such sale or exchange is in effect. ‘‘(b) D
EFERRAL OF GAININVESTED IN OPPOR -
TUNITY ZONEPROPERTY .— ‘‘(1) Y
EAR OF INCLUSION .—Gain to which subsection (a)(2) applies shall be included in income in the taxable year which includes the earlier of— ‘‘(A) the date on which such investment is sold or exchanged, or ‘‘(B) December 31, 2026. ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT INCLUDIBLE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of gain in-cluded in gross income under subsection (a)(1) shall be the excess of— ‘‘(i) the lesser of the amount of gain ex-cluded under paragraph (1) or the fair mar-ket value of the property as of the deter-mined as of the date described in paragraph (1), over ‘‘(ii) the taxpayer’s basis in the invest-ment. ‘‘(B) DETERMINATION OF BASIS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this clause or subsection (c), the taxpayer’s basis in the investment shall be zero. ‘‘(ii) I
NCREASE FOR GAIN RECOGNIZED UNDER  
SUBSECTION (a)(2).—The basis in the invest-ment shall be increased by the amount of gain recognized by reason of subsection (a)(2) with respect to such property. ‘‘(iii) I
NVESTMENTS HELD FOR 5 YEARS .—In the case of any investment held for at least 5 years, the basis of such investment shall be increased by an amount equal to 10 percent of the amount of gain deferred by reason of subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(iv) I
NVESTMENTS HELD FOR 7 YEARS .—In the case of any investment held by the tax-payer for at least 7 years, in addition to any adjustment made under clause (iii), the basis of such property shall be increased by an amount equal to 5 percent of the amount of gain deferred by reason of subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR INVESTMENTS HELD 
FOR AT LEAST 10 Y EARS .—In the case of any investment held by the taxpayer for at least 10 years and with respect to which the tax-payer makes an election under this clause, the basis of such property shall be equal to the fair market value of such investment on the date that the investment is sold or ex-changed. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY FUND.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY FUND .—The term ‘qualified opportunity fund’ means any investment vehicle which is organized as a corporation or a partnership for the purpose of investing in qualified opportunity zone property (other than another qualified op-portunity fund) that holds at least 90 percent of its assets in qualified opportunity zone property, determined— ‘‘(A) on the last day of the first 6-month period of the taxable year of the fund, and ‘‘(B) on the last day of the taxable year of the fund. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE PROP -
ERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified op-portunity zone property’ means property which is— ‘‘(i) qualified opportunity zone stock, ‘‘(ii) qualified opportunity zone partner-ship interest, or ‘‘(iii) qualified opportunity zone business property. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE STOCK .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the term ‘qualified opportunity zone stock’ means any stock in a domestic corporation if— ‘‘(I) such stock is acquired by the taxpayer after December 31, 2017, at its original issue (directly or through an underwriter) from the corporation solely in exchange for cash, ‘‘(II) as of the time such stock was issued, such corporation was a qualified opportunity zone business (or, in the case of a new cor-poration, such corporation was being orga-nized for purposes of being a qualified oppor-tunity zone business), and ‘‘(III) during substantially all of the tax-payer’s holding period for such stock, such corporation qualified as a qualified oppor-tunity zone business. ‘‘(ii) R
EDEMPTIONS .—A rule similar to the rule of section 1202(c)(3) shall apply for pur-poses of this paragraph. ‘‘(C) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE PART -
NERSHIP INTEREST .—The term ‘qualified op-portunity zone partnership interest’ means any capital or profits interest in a domestic partnership if— ‘‘(i) such interest is acquired by the tax-payer after December 31, 2017, from the part-nership solely in exchange for cash, ‘‘(ii) as of the time such interest was ac-quired, such partnership was a qualified op-portunity zone business (or, in the case of a new partnership, such partnership was being organized for purposes of being a qualified opportunity zone business), and ‘‘(iii) during substantially all of the tax-payer’s holding period for such interest, such partnership qualified as a qualified oppor-tunity zone business. ‘‘(D) QUALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE BUSINESS  
PROPERTY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified op-portunity zone business property’ means tan-gible property used in a trade or business of the taxpayer if— ‘‘(I) such property was acquired by the tax-payer by purchase (as defined in section 179(d)(2)) after December 31, 2017, ‘‘(II) the original use of such property in the qualified opportunity zone commences with the taxpayer or the taxpayer substan-tially improves the property, and ‘‘(III) during substantially all of the tax-payer’s holding period for such property, substantially all of the use of such property was in a qualified opportunity zone. ‘‘(ii) S
UBSTANTIAL IMPROVEMENT .—For pur- poses of subparagraph (A)(ii), property shall be treated as substantially improved by the taxpayer only if, during any 30-month period beginning after the date of acquisition of such property, additions to basis with re-spect to such property in the hands of the taxpayer exceed an amount equal to the ad-justed basis of such property at the begin-ning of such 30-month period in the hands of the taxpayer. ‘‘(iii) R
ELATED PARTY .—For purposes of subparagraph (A)(i), the related person rule of section 179(d)(2) shall be applied pursuant to paragraph (8) of this subsection in lieu of the application of such rule in section 179(d)(2)(A). ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE BUSI -
NESS.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified op-portunity zone business’ means a trade or business— ‘‘(i) in which substantially all of the tan-gible property owned or leased by the tax-payer is qualified opportunity zone business property, ‘‘(ii) which satisfies the requirements of paragraphs (2), (4), and (8) of section 1397C(b), and ‘‘(iii) which is not described in section 144(c)(6)(B). ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A), tangible property that ceases to be a qualified opportunity zone business property shall continue to be treated as a qualified opportunity zone business property for the lesser of— ‘‘(i) 5 years after the date on which such tangible property ceases to be so qualified, or ‘‘(ii) the date on which such tangible prop-erty is no longer held by the qualified oppor-tunity zone business. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICABLE RULES .— ‘‘(1) T
REATMENT OF INVESTMENTS WITH  
MIXED FUNDS .—In the case of any investment in a qualified opportunity fund only a por-tion of which consists of investments of gain to which an election under subsection (a)(1) is in effect— ‘‘(A) such investment shall be treated as 2 separate investments, consisting of— ‘‘(i) one investment that only includes amounts to which the election under sub-section (a)(1) applies, and ‘‘(ii) a separate investment consisting of other amounts, and ‘‘(B) subsections (a), (b), and (c) shall only apply to the investment described in sub-paragraph (A)(i). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7453 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(2) R ELATED PERSONS .—For purposes of this section, persons are related to each other if such persons are described in section 267(b) or 707(b)(1), determined by substituting ‘20 percent’ for ‘50 percent’ each place it oc-curs in such sections. ‘‘(3) D
ECEDENTS .—In the case of a decedent, amounts recognized under this section shall, if not properly includible in the gross income of the decedent, be includible in gross in-come as provided by section 691. ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be nec-essary or appropriate to carry out the pur-poses of this section, including— ‘‘(A) rules for the certification of qualified opportunity funds for the purposes of this section, and ‘‘(B) rules to prevent abuse. ‘‘(f) F
AILURE OF QUALIFIED OPPORTUNITY  F
UND TO MAINTAIN INVESTMENT STANDARD .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a qualified oppor-tunity fund fails to meet the 90-percent re-quirement of subsection (c)(1), the qualified opportunity fund shall pay a penalty for each month it fails to meet the requirement in an amount equal to the product of— ‘‘(A) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the amount equal to 90 percent of its aggregate assets, over ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount of qualified op-portunity zone property held by the fund, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the underpayment rate established under section 6621(a)(2) for such month. ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PARTNERSHIPS .—In the case that the qualified opportunity fund is a partnership, the penalty imposed by paragraph (1) shall be taken into account proportionately as part of the distributive share of each partner of the partnership. ‘‘(3) R
EASONABLE CAUSE EXCEPTION .—No penalty shall be imposed under this sub-section with respect to any failure if it is shown that such failure is due to reasonable cause.’’. (b) B
ASIS ADJUSTMENTS .—Section 1016(a) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (36), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (37) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by inserting after paragraph (37) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(38) to the extent provided in subsections (b)(2) and (c) of section 1400Z–2.’’. (c) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary of the Treasury, or the Secretary’s delegate, shall submit a report to Congress on the op-portunity zone incentives enacted by this section beginning 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act and annually there-after. The report shall include an assessment of investments held by qualified opportunity funds nationally and at the State level. To the extent such information is available, the report shall include the number of qualified opportunity funds, the amount of assets held in qualified opportunity funds, the composi-tion of qualified opportunity fund invest-ments by asset class, the percentage of quali-fied opportunity zone census tracts des-ignated under subchapter Z of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this sec-tion) that have received qualified oppor-tunity fund investments. The report shall also include an assessment of the impacts and outcomes of the investments in those areas on economic indicators including job creation, poverty reduction, and new busi-ness starts, and other metrics as determined by the Secretary. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of subchapters for chapter 1 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new item: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER Z . OPPORTUNITY ZONES ’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle D—International Tax Provisions PART I—OUTBOUND TRANSACTIONS Subpart A—Establishment of Participation Exemption System for Taxation of Foreign Income SEC. 14101. DEDUCTION FOR FOREIGN-SOURCE PORTION OF DIVIDENDS RECEIVED BY DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS FROM SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOR-EIGN CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after section 245 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 245A. DEDUCTION FOR FOREIGN SOURCE- PORTION OF DIVIDENDS RECEIVED BY DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS FROM SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOR-EIGN CORPORATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of any divi-dend received from a specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation by a domestic cor-poration which is a United States share-holder with respect to such foreign corpora-tion, there shall be allowed as a deduction an amount equal to the foreign-source portion of such dividend. ‘‘(b) S
PECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN  C
ORPORATION .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘specified 10- percent owned foreign corporation’ means any foreign corporation with respect to which any domestic corporation is a United States shareholder with respect to such cor-poration. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION OF PASSIVE FOREIGN INVEST -
MENT COMPANIES .—Such term shall not in-clude any corporation which is a passive for-eign investment company (as defined in sec-tion 1297) with respect to the shareholder and which is not a controlled foreign cor-poration. ‘‘(c) F
OREIGN -SOURCE PORTION .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The foreign-source por-tion of any dividend from a specified 10-per-cent owned foreign corporation is an amount which bears the same ratio to such dividend as— ‘‘(A) the undistributed foreign earnings of the specified 10-percent owned foreign cor-poration, bears to ‘‘(B) the total undistributed earnings of such foreign corporation. ‘‘(2) U
NDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS .—The term ‘undistributed earnings’ means the amount of the earnings and profits of the specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation (com-puted in accordance with sections 964(a) and 986)— ‘‘(A) as of the close of the taxable year of the specified 10-percent owned foreign cor-poration in which the dividend is distributed, and ‘‘(B) without diminution by reason of divi-dends distributed during such taxable year. ‘‘(3) U
NDISTRIBUTED FOREIGN EARNINGS .— The term ‘undistributed foreign earnings’ means the portion of the undistributed earn-ings which is attributable to neither— ‘‘(A) income described in subparagraph (A) of section 245(a)(5), nor ‘‘(B) dividends described in subparagraph (B) of such section (determined without re-gard to section 245(a)(12)). ‘‘(d) D
ISALLOWANCE OF FOREIGN TAXCRED-
IT, ETC.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No credit shall be al-lowed under section 901 for any taxes paid or accrued (or treated as paid or accrued) with respect to any distribution any portion of which constitutes a dividend for which a de-duction is allowed under this section. ‘‘(2) D
ENIAL OF DEDUCTION .—No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for any tax for which credit is not allowable under section 901 by reason of paragraph (1) (deter-mined by treating the taxpayer as having elected the benefits of subpart A of part III of subchapter N). ‘‘(e) SPECIAL RULES FOR HYBRID DIVI-
DENDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to any dividend received by a United States shareholder from a controlled foreign corporation if the dividend is a hybrid divi-dend. ‘‘(2) H
YBRID DIVIDENDS OF TIERED CORPORA -
TIONS .—If a controlled foreign corporation with respect to which a domestic corporation is a United States shareholder receives a hy-brid dividend from any other controlled for-eign corporation with respect to which such domestic corporation is also a United States shareholder, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this title— ‘‘(A) the hybrid dividend shall be treated for purposes of section 951(a)(1)(A) as subpart F income of the receiving controlled foreign corporation for the taxable year of the con-trolled foreign corporation in which the divi-dend was received, and ‘‘(B) the United States shareholder shall include in gross income an amount equal to the shareholder’s pro rata share (determined in the same manner as under section 951(a)(2)) of the subpart F income described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) D
ENIAL OF FOREIGN TAX CREDIT , ETC.— The rules of subsection (d) shall apply to any hybrid dividend received by, or any amount included under paragraph (2) in the gross in-come of, a United States shareholder. ‘‘(4) H
YBRID DIVIDEND .—The term ‘hybrid dividend’ means an amount received from a controlled foreign corporation— ‘‘(A) for which a deduction would be al-lowed under subsection (a) but for this sub-section, and ‘‘(B) for which the controlled foreign cor-poration received a deduction (or other tax benefit) from taxes imposed by any foreign country. ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PURGING DISTRIBU -
TIONS OF PASSIVE FOREIGN INVESTMENT COM-
PANIES .—Any amount which is treated as a dividend under section 1291(d)(2)(B) shall not be treated as a dividend for purposes of this section. ‘‘(g) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section, including regulations for the treatment of United States shareholders owning stock of a speci-fied 10 percent owned foreign corporation through a partnership.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION OF HOLDING PERIOD RE-
QUIREMENT .—Subsection (c) of section 246 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or 245’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘245, or 245A’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULES FOR FOREIGN SOURCE  
PORTION OF DIVIDENDS RECEIVED FROM SPECI -
FIED 10 -PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN CORPORA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(A) 1-
YEAR HOLDING PERIOD REQUIRE -
MENT .—For purposes of section 245A— ‘‘(i) paragraph (1)(A) shall be applied— ‘‘(I) by substituting ‘365 days’ for ‘45 days’ each place it appears, and ‘‘(II) by substituting ‘731-day period’ for ‘91-day period’, and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (2) shall not apply. ‘‘(B) S
TATUS MUST BE MAINTAINED DURING  
HOLDING PERIOD .—For purposes of applying paragraph (1) with respect to section 245A, the taxpayer shall be treated as holding the stock referred to in paragraph (1) for any pe-riod only if— ‘‘(i) the specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation referred to in section 245A(a) is a specified 10-percent owned foreign corpora-tion at all times during such period, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7454 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(ii) the taxpayer is a United States share-holder with respect to such specified 10-per-cent owned foreign corporation at all times during such period.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION OF RULES GENERALLY AP-
PLICABLE TO DEDUCTIONS FOR DIVIDENDS RE-
CEIVED .— (1) T
REATMENT OF DIVIDENDS FROM CERTAIN  
CORPORATIONS .—Paragraph (1) of section 246(a) is amended by striking ‘‘and 245’’ and inserting ‘‘245, and 245A’’. (2) A
SSETS GENERATING TAX -EXEMPT POR -
TION OF DIVIDEND NOT TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT IN  
ALLOCATING AND APPORTIONING DEDUCTIBLE  
EXPENSES .—Paragraph (3) of section 864(e) is amended by striking ‘‘or 245(a)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, 245(a), or 245A’’. (3) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 1059 .—Sub- paragraph (B) of section 1059(b)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘or 245’’ and inserting ‘‘245, or 245A’’. (d) C
OORDINATION WITHFOREIGN TAXCRED-
ITLIMITATION .—Subsection (b) of section 904 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT OF DIVIDENDS FOR WHICH  
DEDUCTION IS ALLOWED UNDER SECTION 245A .— For purposes of subsection (a), in the case of a domestic corporation which is a United States shareholder with respect to a speci-fied 10-percent owned foreign corporation, such domestic corporation’s taxable income from sources without the United States shall be determined without regard to— ‘‘(A) the foreign-source portion of any divi-dend received from such foreign corporation, and ‘‘(B) any deductions properly allocable to such portion. Any term which is used in section 245A and in this paragraph shall have the same mean-ing for purposes of this paragraph as when used in such section.’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Subsection (b) of section 951 is amended by striking ‘‘subpart’’ and inserting ‘‘title’’. (2) Subsection (a) of section 957 is amended by striking ‘‘subpart’’ in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘title’’. (3) The table of sections for part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 245 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 245A. Dividends received by domestic corporations from certain for-eign corporations.’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. 
SEC. 14102. SPECIAL RULES RELATING TO SALES OR TRANSFERS INVOLVING SPECI-FIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS. 
(a) S ALES BY UNITED STATES PERSONS OF  S
TOCK .—Section 1248 is amended by redesig-nating subsection (j) as subsection (k) and by inserting after subsection (i) the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) C
OORDINATION WITH DIVIDENDS RE-
CEIVED DEDUCTION .—In the case of the sale or exchange by a domestic corporation of stock in a foreign corporation held for 1 year or more, any amount received by the domestic corporation which is treated as a dividend by reason of this section shall be treated as a dividend for purposes of applying section 245A.’’. (b) B
ASIS IN SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED  F
OREIGN CORPORATION REDUCED BY NONTAXED  P
ORTION OF DIVIDEND FOR PURPOSES OF DE-
TERMINING LOSS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 961 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(d) BASIS IN SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED  F
OREIGN CORPORATION REDUCED BY NONTAXED  P
ORTION OF DIVIDEND FOR PURPOSES OF DE-
TERMINING LOSS.—If a domestic corporation receives a dividend from a specified 10-per-cent owned foreign corporation (as defined in section 245A) in any taxable year, solely for purposes of determining loss on any disposi-tion of stock of such foreign corporation in such taxable year or any subsequent taxable year, the basis of such domestic corporation in such stock shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the amount of any deduction allow-able to such domestic corporation under sec-tion 245A with respect to such stock.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to divi-dends received in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (c) S
ALE BY A CFC OF A LOWER TIERCFC.— Section 964(e) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION WITH DIVIDENDS RE -
CEIVED DEDUCTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If, for any taxable year of a controlled foreign corporation beginning after December 31, 2017, any amount is treat-ed as a dividend under paragraph (1) by rea-son of a sale or exchange by the controlled foreign corporation of stock in another for-eign corporation held for 1 year or more, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this title— ‘‘(i) the foreign-source portion of such divi-dend shall be treated for purposes of section 951(a)(1)(A) as subpart F income of the sell-ing controlled foreign corporation for such taxable year, ‘‘(ii) a United States shareholder with re-spect to the selling controlled foreign cor-poration shall include in gross income for the taxable year of the shareholder with or within which such taxable year of the con-trolled foreign corporation ends an amount equal to the shareholder’s pro rata share (de-termined in the same manner as under sec-tion 951(a)(2)) of the amount treated as sub-part F income under clause (i), and ‘‘(iii) the deduction under section 245A(a) shall be allowable to the United States shareholder with respect to the subpart F in-come included in gross income under clause (ii) in the same manner as if such subpart F income were a dividend received by the shareholder from the selling controlled for-eign corporation. ‘‘(B) E
FFECT OF LOSS ON EARNINGS AND  
PROFITS .—For purposes of this title, in the case of a sale or exchange by a controlled foreign corporation of stock in another for-eign corporation in a taxable year of the sell-ing controlled foreign corporation beginning after December 31, 2017, to which this para-graph would apply if gain were recognized, the earnings and profits of the selling con-trolled foreign corporation shall not be re-duced by reason of any loss from such sale or exchange. ‘‘(C) F
OREIGN -SOURCE PORTION .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the foreign-source portion of any amount treated as a dividend under paragraph (1) shall be determined in the same manner as under section 245A(c).’’. (d) T
REATMENT OF FOREIGN BRANCH LOSSES  T
RANSFERRED TO SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT  O
WNED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part II of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 91. CERTAIN FOREIGN BRANCH LOSSES TRANSFERRED TO SPECIFIED 10- PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN COR-PORATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If a domestic corpora-tion transfers substantially all of the assets of a foreign branch (within the meaning of section 367(a)(3)(C), as in effect before the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act) to a specified 10-percent owned for-eign corporation (as defined in section 245A) with respect to which it is a United States shareholder after such transfer, such domes-tic corporation shall include in gross income for the taxable year which includes such transfer an amount equal to the transferred loss amount with respect to such transfer. ‘‘(b) LIMITATION AND CARRYFORWARD BASED  
ONFOREIGN -SOURCE DIVIDENDS RECEIVED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount included in the gross income of the taxpayer under sub-section (a) for any taxable year shall not ex-ceed the amount allowed as a deduction under section 245A for such taxable year (taking into account dividends received from all specified 10-percent owned foreign cor-porations with respect to which the taxpayer is a United States shareholder). ‘‘(2) A
MOUNTS NOT INCLUDED CARRIED FOR -
WARD .—Any amount not included in gross in-come for any taxable year by reason of para-graph (1) shall, subject to the application of paragraph (1) to the succeeding taxable year, be included in gross income for the suc-ceeding taxable year. ‘‘(c) T
RANSFERRED LOSSAMOUNT .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘transferred loss amount’ means, with respect to any transfer of substantially all of the assets of a foreign branch, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(1) the sum of losses— ‘‘(A) which were incurred by the foreign branch after December 31, 2017, and before the transfer, and ‘‘(B) with respect to which a deduction was allowed to the taxpayer, over ‘‘(2) the sum of— ‘‘(A) any taxable income of such branch for a taxable year after the taxable year in which the loss was incurred and through the close of the taxable year of the transfer, and ‘‘(B) any amount which is recognized under section 904(f)(3) on account of the transfer. ‘‘(d) R
EDUCTION FOR RECOGNIZED GAINS.— The transferred loss amount shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the amount of gain recognized by the taxpayer on account of the transfer (other than amounts taken into ac-count under subsection (c)(2)(B)). ‘‘(e) S
OURCE OF INCOME .—Amounts included in gross income under this section shall be treated as derived from sources within the United States. ‘‘(f) B
ASIS ADJUSTMENTS .—Consistent with such regulations or other guidance as the Secretary shall prescribe, proper adjust-ments shall be made in the adjusted basis of the taxpayer’s stock in the specified 10-per-cent owned foreign corporation to which the transfer is made, and in the transferee’s ad-justed basis in the property transferred, to reflect amounts included in gross income under this section.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part II of subchapter B of chap-ter 1 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 91. Certain foreign branch losses transferred to specified 10-per-cent owned foreign corpora-tions.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to trans-fers after December 31, 2017. (e) R
EPEAL OF ACTIVE TRADE OR BUSINESS  E
XCEPTION UNDER SECTION 367.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 367(a) is amended by striking paragraph (3) and redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respectively (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 367(a)(4), as redesignated by paragraph (1), is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Paragraphs (2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘Paragraph (2)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘P
ARAGRAPHS (2) AND (3) ’’ in the heading and inserting ‘‘P
ARAGRAPH (2) ’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7455 November 29, 2017 
(3) E FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to trans-fers after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14103. TREATMENT OF DEFERRED FOREIGN INCOME UPON TRANSITION TO PAR-TICIPATION EXEMPTION SYSTEM OF TAXATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 965 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 965. TREATMENT OF DEFERRED FOREIGN INCOME UPON TRANSITION TO PAR-TICIPATION EXEMPTION SYSTEM OF TAXATION. 
‘‘(a) T REATMENT OF DEFERRED FOREIGN IN-
COME AS SUBPART F INCOME .—In the case of the last taxable year of a deferred income corporation which begins before January 1, 2018, the subpart F income of such foreign corporation (as otherwise determined for such taxable year under section 952) shall be increased by the greater of— ‘‘(1) the accumulated post-1986 deferred for-eign income of such corporation determined as of November 9, 2017, or ‘‘(2) the accumulated post-1986 deferred for-eign income of such corporation determined as of December 31, 2017. ‘‘(b) R
EDUCTION IN AMOUNTS INCLUDED IN  G
ROSS INCOME OF UNITED STATES SHARE -
HOLDERS OF SPECIFIED FOREIGN CORPORA -
TIONS WITHDEFICITS IN EARNINGS AND PROF-
ITS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer which is a United States shareholder with re-spect to at least one deferred foreign income corporation and at least one E&P deficit for-eign corporation, the amount which would (but for this subsection) be taken into ac-count under section 951(a)(1) by reason of subsection (a) as such United States share-holder’s pro rata share of the subpart F in-come of each deferred foreign income cor-poration shall be reduced by the amount of such United States shareholder’s aggregate foreign E&P deficit which is allocated under paragraph (2) to such deferred foreign in-come corporation. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF AGGREGATE FOREIGN  
E&P DEFICIT .—The aggregate foreign E&P deficit of any United States shareholder shall be allocated among the deferred foreign income corporations of such United States shareholder in an amount which bears the same proportion to such aggregate as— ‘‘(A) such United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the accumulated post-1986 de-ferred foreign income of each such deferred foreign income corporation, bears to ‘‘(B) the aggregate of such United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the accumu-lated post-1986 deferred foreign income of all deferred foreign income corporations of such United States shareholder. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS RELATED TO E&P DEFI -
CITS.—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) A
GGREGATE FOREIGN E&P DEFICIT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘aggregate for-eign E&P deficit’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder, the lesser of— ‘‘(I) the aggregate of such shareholder’s pro rata shares of the specified E&P deficits of the E&P deficit foreign corporations of such shareholder, or ‘‘(II) the amount determined under para-graph (2)(B). ‘‘(ii) A
LLOCATION OF DEFICIT .—If the amount described in clause (i)(II) is less than the amount described in clause (i)(I), then the shareholder shall designate, in such form and manner as the Secretary determines— ‘‘(I) the amount of the specified E&P def-icit which is to be taken into account for each E&P deficit corporation with respect to the taxpayer, and ‘‘(II) in the case of an E&P deficit corpora-tion which has a qualified deficit (as defined in section 952), the portion (if any) of the def-icit taken into account under subclause (I) which is attributable to a qualified deficit, including the qualified activities to which such portion is attributable. ‘‘(B) E&P DEFICIT FOREIGN CORPORATION .— The term ‘E&P deficit foreign corporation’ means, with respect to any taxpayer, any specified foreign corporation with respect to which such taxpayer is a United States shareholder, if— ‘‘(i) such specified foreign corporation has a deficit in post-1986 earnings and profits, and ‘‘(ii) as of November 9, 2017— ‘‘(I) such corporation was a specified for-eign corporation, and ‘‘(II) such taxpayer was a United States shareholder of such corporation. ‘‘(C) S
PECIFIED E&P DEFICIT .—The term ‘specified E&P deficit’ means, with respect to any E&P deficit foreign corporation, the amount of the deficit referred to in subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF EARNINGS AND PROFITS  
IN FUTURE YEARS .— ‘‘(A) R
EDUCED EARNINGS AND PROFITS  
TREATED AS PREVIOUSLY TAXED INCOME WHEN  
DISTRIBUTED .—For purposes of applying sec-tion 959 in any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, with respect to any United States shareholder of a deferred for-eign income corporation, an amount equal to such shareholder’s reduction under para-graph (1) which is allocated to such deferred foreign income corporation under this sub-section shall be treated as an amount which was included in the gross income of such United States shareholder under section 951(a). ‘‘(B) E&
P DEFICITS .—For purposes of this title, a United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the earnings and profits of any spec-ified E&P deficit foreign corporation under this subsection shall be increased by the amount of the specified E&P deficit of such corporation taken into account by such shareholder under paragraph (1), and, for purposes of section 952, such increase shall be attributable to the same activity to which the deficit so taken into account was attrib-utable. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION OF PARTICIPATION EXEMP -
TION TO INCLUDED INCOME .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a United States shareholder of a deferred foreign in-come corporation, there shall be allowed as a deduction for the taxable year in which an amount is included in the gross income of such United States shareholder under sec-tion 951(a)(1) by reason of this section an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(A) 85.7 percent of the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the amount so included as gross in-come, over ‘‘(ii) the amount of such United States shareholder’s aggregate foreign cash posi-tion, plus ‘‘(B) 71.4 percent of so much of the amount described in subparagraph (A)(ii) as does not exceed the amount described in subpara-graph (A)(i). ‘‘(2) A
GGREGATE FOREIGN CASH POSITION .— For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘aggregate for-eign cash position’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder, the greater of— ‘‘(i) the aggregate of such United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the cash posi-tion of each specified foreign corporation of such United States shareholder determined as of the close of the last taxable year of such specified foreign corporation which be-gins before January 1, 2018, or ‘‘(ii) one half of the sum of— ‘‘(I) the aggregate described in clause (i) determined as of the close of the last taxable year of each such specified foreign corpora-tion which ends before November 9, 2017, plus ‘‘(II) the aggregate described in clause (i) determined as of the close of the taxable year of each such specified foreign corpora-tion which precedes the taxable year referred to in subclause (I). ‘‘(B) CASH POSITION .—For purposes of this paragraph, the cash position of any specified foreign corporation is the sum of— ‘‘(i) cash and foreign currency held by such foreign corporation, ‘‘(ii) the net accounts receivable of such foreign corporation, plus ‘‘(iii) the fair market value of the fol-lowing assets held by such corporation: ‘‘(I) Personal property which is of a type that is actively traded and for which there is an established financial market (other than stock in the specified foreign corporation). ‘‘(II) Commercial paper, certificates of de-posit, the securities of the Federal govern-ment and of any State or foreign govern-ment. ‘‘(III) Any obligation with a term of less than one year. ‘‘(IV) Any asset which the Secretary iden-tifies as being economically equivalent to any asset described in this subparagraph. ‘‘(C) N
ET ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘net ac-counts receivable’ means, with respect to any specified foreign corporation, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) such corporation’s accounts receivable, over ‘‘(ii) such corporation’s accounts payable (determined consistent with the rules of sec-tion 461). ‘‘(D) P
REVENTION OF DOUBLE COUNTING .— Cash positions of a specified foreign corpora-tion described in clause (ii) or (iii)(III) of subparagraph (B) shall not be taken into ac-count by a United States shareholder under subparagraph (A) to the extent that such United States shareholder demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary that such amount is so taken into account by such United States shareholder with respect to another specified foreign corporation. ‘‘(E) C
ASH POSITIONS OF CERTAIN NON -COR-
PORATE ENTITIES TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT .—An entity shall be treated as a specified foreign corporation of a United States shareholder for purposes of determining such United States shareholder’s aggregate foreign cash position if— ‘‘(i) such entity is a foreign entity which would be a specified foreign corporation of such United States shareholder if such enti-ty were a corporation, or ‘‘(ii) any interest in such entity is held by a specified foreign corporation of such United States shareholder (determined after application of clause (i)) and such entity would be a specified foreign corporation of such United States shareholder if such enti-ty were a foreign corporation. ‘‘(F) A
NTI-ABUSE .—If the Secretary deter-mines that a principal purpose of any trans-action was to reduce the aggregate foreign cash position taken into account under this subsection, such transaction shall be dis-regarded for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(d) D
EFERRED FOREIGN INCOME CORPORA -
TION; A CCUMULATED POST-1986 D EFERRED  F
OREIGN INCOME .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) D
EFERRED FOREIGN INCOME CORPORA -
TION.—The term ‘deferred foreign income corporation’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder, any specified for-eign corporation of such United States shareholder which has accumulated post-1986 deferred foreign income (as of the close of the taxable year referred to in subsection (a)) greater than zero. ‘‘(2) A
CCUMULATED POST -1986 DEFERRED FOR -
EIGN INCOME .—The term ‘accumulated post- 1986 deferred foreign income’ means the post- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7456 November 29, 2017 
1986 earnings and profits except to the extent such earnings— ‘‘(A) are attributable to income of the specified foreign corporation which is effec-tively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States and subject to tax under this chapter, or ‘‘(B) in the case of a controlled foreign cor-poration, if distributed, would be excluded from the gross income of a United States shareholder under section 959. To the extent provided in regulations or other guidance prescribed by the Secretary, in the case of any controlled foreign corpora-tion which has shareholders which are not United States shareholders, accumulated post-1986 deferred foreign income shall be ap-propriately reduced by amounts which would be described in subparagraph (B) if such shareholders were United States share-holders. ‘‘(3) P
OST-1986 EARNINGS AND PROFITS .—The term ‘post-1986 earnings and profits’ means the earnings and profits of the foreign cor-poration (computed in accordance with sec-tions 964(a) and 986, and by only taking into account periods when the foreign corpora-tion was a specified foreign corporation) ac-cumulated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 1986, and determined— ‘‘(A) as of the date of the taxable year re-ferred to in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (a), whichever is applicable with respect to such foreign corporation, and ‘‘(B) without diminution by reason of divi-dends distributed during the taxable year ending with or including such date. ‘‘(e) S
PECIFIED FOREIGN CORPORATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘specified foreign corporation’ means— ‘‘(A) any controlled foreign corporation, and ‘‘(B) any section 902 corporation (as defined in section 909(d)(5) as in effect before the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act). ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION TO SECTION 902 CORPORA -
TIONS .—For purposes of sections 951 and 961, a section 902 corporation (as so defined) shall be treated as a controlled foreign corpora-tion solely for purposes of taking into ac-count the subpart F income of such corpora-tion under subsection (a) (and for purposes of applying subsection (e)). ‘‘(3) E
XCLUSION OF PASSIVE FOREIGN INVEST -
MENT COMPANIES .—Such term shall not in-clude any corporation which is a passive for-eign investment company (as defined in sec-tion 1297) with respect to the shareholder and which is not a controlled foreign cor-poration. ‘‘(f) D
ETERMINATIONS OF PRO RATA S
HARE .—For purposes of this section, the de-termination of any United States share-holder’s pro rata share of any amount with respect to any specified foreign corporation shall be determined under rules similar to the rules of section 951(a)(2) by treating such amount in the same manner as subpart F in-come (and by treating such specified foreign corporation as a controlled foreign corpora-tion). ‘‘(g) D
ISALLOWANCE OF FOREIGN TAXCRED-
IT, ETC.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No credit shall be al-lowed under section 901 for the applicable percentage of any taxes paid or accrued (or treated as paid or accrued) with respect to any amount for which a deduction is allowed under this section. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘applicable percentage’ means the amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the sum of— ‘‘(A) 0.857 multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the excess to which subsection (c)(1)(A) applies, divided by ‘‘(ii) the sum of such excess plus the amount to which subsection (c)(1)(B) applies, plus ‘‘(B) 0.714 multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the amount to which subsection (c)(1)(B) applies, divided by ‘‘(ii) the sum described in subparagraph (A)(ii). ‘‘(3) DENIAL OF DEDUCTION .—No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for any tax for which credit is not allowable under section 901 by reason of paragraph (1) (deter-mined by treating the taxpayer as having elected the benefits of subpart A of part III of subchapter N). ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 78 .—Sec- tion 78 shall not apply to any tax for which credit is not allowable under section 901 by reason of paragraph (1). ‘‘(h) E
LECTION TO PAYLIABILITY IN IN-
STALLMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a United States shareholder of a deferred foreign in-come corporation, such United States share-holder may elect to pay the net tax liability under this section in 8 installments of the following amounts: ‘‘(A) 8 percent of the net tax liability in the case of each of the first 5 of such install-ments, ‘‘(B) 15 percent of the net tax liability in the case of the 6th such installment, ‘‘(C) 20 percent of the net tax liability in the case of the 7th such installment, and ‘‘(D) 25 percent of the net tax liability in the case of the 8th such installment. ‘‘(2) D
ATE FOR PAYMENT OF INSTALLMENTS .— If an election is made under paragraph (1), the first installment shall be paid on the due date (determined without regard to any ex-tension of time for filing the return) for the return of tax for the taxable year described in subsection (a) and each succeeding install-ment shall be paid on the due date (as so de-termined) for the return of tax for the tax-able year following the taxable year with re-spect to which the preceding installment was made. ‘‘(3) A
CCELERATION OF PAYMENT .—If there is an addition to tax for failure to timely pay any installment required under this sub-section, a liquidation or sale of substantially all the assets of the taxpayer (including in a title 11 or similar case), a cessation of busi-ness by the taxpayer, or any similar cir-cumstance, then the unpaid portion of all re-maining installments shall be due on the date of such event (or in the case of a title 11 or similar case, the day before the petition is filed). The preceding sentence shall not apply to the sale of substantially all the as-sets of a taxpayer to a buyer if such buyer enters into an agreement with the Secretary under which such buyer is liable for the re-maining installments due under this sub-section in the same manner as if such buyer were the taxpayer. ‘‘(4) P
RORATION OF DEFICIENCY TO INSTALL -
MENTS .—If an election is made under para-graph (1) to pay the net tax liability under this section in installments and a deficiency has been assessed with respect to such net tax liability, the deficiency shall be prorated to the installments payable under paragraph (1). The part of the deficiency so prorated to any installment the date for payment of which has not arrived shall be collected at the same time as, and as a part of, such in-stallment. The part of the deficiency so pro-rated to any installment the date for pay-ment of which has arrived shall be paid upon notice and demand from the Secretary. This subsection shall not apply if the deficiency is due to negligence, to intentional disregard of rules and regulations, or to fraud with intent to evade tax. ‘‘(5) E
LECTION .—Any election under para-graph (1) shall be made not later than the due date for the return of tax for the taxable year described in subsection (a) and shall be made in such manner as the Secretary shall provide. ‘‘(6) NET TAX LIABILITY UNDER THIS SEC -
TION.—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The net tax liability under this section with respect to any United States shareholder is the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) such taxpayer’s net income tax for the taxable year in which an amount is included in the gross income of such United States shareholder under section 951(a)(1) by reason of this section, over ‘‘(ii) such taxpayer’s net income tax for such taxable year determined— ‘‘(I) without regard to this section, and ‘‘(II) without regard to any income or de-duction properly attributable to a dividend received by such United States shareholder from any deferred foreign income corpora-tion. ‘‘(B) N
ET INCOME TAX .—The term ‘net in-come tax’ means the regular tax liability re-duced by the credits allowed under subparts A, B, and D of part IV of subchapter A. ‘‘(i) S
PECIAL RULES FOR S C ORPORATION  S
HAREHOLDERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any S cor-poration which is a United States share-holder of a deferred foreign income corpora-tion, each shareholder of such S corporation may elect to defer payment of such share-holder’s net tax liability under this section with respect to such S corporation until the shareholder’s taxable year which includes the triggering event with respect to such li-ability. Any net tax liability payment of which is deferred under the preceding sen-tence shall be assessed on the return of tax as an addition to tax in the shareholder’s taxable year which includes such triggering event. ‘‘(2) T
RIGGERING EVENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any share-holder’s net tax liability under this section with respect to any S corporation, the trig-gering event with respect to such liability is whichever of the following occurs first: ‘‘(i) Such corporation ceases to be an S cor-poration (determined as of the first day of the first taxable year that such corporation is not an S corporation). ‘‘(ii) A liquidation or sale of substantially all the assets of such S corporation (includ-ing in a title 11 or similar case), a cessation of business by such S corporation, such S corporation ceases to exist, or any similar circumstance. ‘‘(iii) A transfer of any share of stock in such S corporation by the taxpayer (includ-ing by reason of death, or otherwise). ‘‘(B) P
ARTIAL TRANSFERS OF STOCK .—In the case of a transfer of less than all of the tax-payer’s shares of stock in the S corporation, such transfer shall only be a triggering event with respect to so much of the taxpayer’s net tax liability under this section with respect to such S corporation as is properly allocable to such stock. ‘‘(C) T
RANSFER OF LIABILITY .—A transfer described in clause (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall not be treated as a triggering event if the transferee enters into an agreement with the Secretary under which such transferee is liable for net tax liability with respect to such stock in the same manner as if such transferee were the taxpayer. ‘‘(3) N
ET TAX LIABILITY .—A shareholder’s net tax liability under this section with re-spect to any S corporation is the net tax li-ability under this section which would be de-termined under subsection (h)(6) if the only subpart F income taken into account by such shareholder by reason of this section were allocations from such S corporation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7457 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(4) E LECTION TO PAY DEFERRED LIABILITY  
IN INSTALLMENTS .—In the case of a taxpayer which elects to defer payment under para-graph (1)— ‘‘(A) subsection (h) shall be applied sepa-rately with respect to the liability to which such election applies, ‘‘(B) an election under subsection (h) with respect to such liability shall be treated as timely made if made not later than the due date for the return of tax for the taxable year in which the triggering event with re-spect to such liability occurs, ‘‘(C) the first installment under subsection (h) with respect to such liability shall be paid not later than such due date (but deter-mined without regard to any extension of time for filing the return), and ‘‘(D) if the triggering event with respect to any net tax liability is described in para-graph (2)(A)(ii), an election under subsection (h) with respect to such liability may be made only with the consent of the Secretary. ‘‘(5) J
OINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY OF S COR -
PORATION .—If any shareholder of an S cor-poration elects to defer payment under para-graph (1), such S corporation shall be jointly and severally liable for such payment and any penalty, addition to tax, or additional amount attributable thereto. ‘‘(6) E
XTENSION OF LIMITATION ON COLLEC -
TION.—Any limitation on the time period for the collection of a liability deferred under this subsection shall not be treated as begin-ning before the date of the triggering event with respect to such liability. ‘‘(7) A
NNUAL REPORTING OF NET TAX LIABIL -
ITY.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any shareholder of an S corporation which makes an election under paragraph (1) shall report the amount of such shareholder’s deferred net tax liability on such shareholder’s return of tax for the taxable year for which such election is made and on the return of tax for each taxable year thereafter until such amount has been fully assessed on such returns. ‘‘(B) D
EFERRED NET TAX LIABILITY .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘de-ferred net tax liability’ means, with respect to any taxable year, the amount of net tax liability payment of which has been deferred under paragraph (1) and which has not been assessed on a return of tax for any prior tax-able year. ‘‘(C) F
AILURE TO REPORT .—In the case of any failure to report any amount required to be reported under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to any taxable year before the due date for the return of tax for such taxable year, there shall be assessed on such return as an addition to tax 5 percent of such amount. ‘‘(8) E
LECTION .—Any election under para-graph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall be made by the shareholder of the S corporation not later than the due date for such shareholder’s return of tax for the taxable year which includes the close of the taxable year of such S corporation in which the amount described in subsection (a) is taken into account, and ‘‘(B) shall be made in such manner as the Secretary shall provide. ‘‘(j) R
EPORTING BY S CORPORATION .—Each S corporation which is a United States share-holder of a specified foreign corporation shall report in its return of tax under section 6037(a) the amount includible in its gross in-come for such taxable year by reason of this section and the amount of the deduction al-lowable by subsection (b). Any copy provided to a shareholder under section 6037(b) shall include a statement of such shareholder’s pro rata share of such amounts. ‘‘(k) E
XTENSION OF LIMITATION ON ASSESS -
MENT .—Notwithstanding section 6501, the limitation on the time period for the assess-ment of the net tax liability under this sec-tion (as defined in subsection (h)(6)) shall not expire before the date that is 6 years after the return for the taxable year described in such subsection was filed. ‘‘(l) RECAPTURE FOR EXPATRIATED ENTI-
TIES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a deduction is allowed under subsection (c) to a United States shareholder and such shareholder first be-comes an expatriated entity at any time dur-ing the 10-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, then— ‘‘(A) the tax imposed by this chapter shall be increased for the first taxable year in which such taxpayer becomes an expatriated entity by an amount equal to 35 percent of the amount of the deduction allowed to the specified foreign corporation under sub-section (c), and ‘‘(B) no credits shall be allowed against the increase in tax under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) E
XPATRIATED ENTITY .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘expatriated entity’ has the same meaning given such term under section 7874(a)(2), except that such term shall not include an entity if the surrogate foreign corporation with respect to the enti-ty is treated as a domestic corporation under section 7874(b). ‘‘(m) S
PECIAL RULES FOR UNITED STATES  S
HAREHOLDERS WHICH AREREALESTATE IN-
VESTMENT TRUSTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a real estate invest-ment trust is a United States shareholder in 1 or more deferred foreign income corpora-tions— ‘‘(A) any amount required to be taken into account under section 951(a)(1) by reason of this section shall not be taken into account as gross income of the real estate investment trust for purposes of applying paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 856(c) to any taxable year for which such amount is taken into account under section 951(a)(1), and ‘‘(B) if the real estate investment trust elects the application of this subparagraph, notwithstanding subsection (a), any amount required to be taken into account under sec-tion 951(a)(1) by reason of this section shall, in lieu of the taxable year in which it would otherwise be included in gross income (for purposes of the computation of real estate investment trust taxable income under sec-tion 857(b)), be included in gross income as follows: ‘‘(i) 8 percent of such amount in the case of each of the taxable years in the 5-taxable year period beginning with the taxable year in which such amount would otherwise be in-cluded. ‘‘(ii) 15 percent of such amount in the case of the 1st taxable year following such period. ‘‘(iii) 20 percent of such amount in the case of the 2nd taxable year following such pe-riod. ‘‘(iv) 25 percent of such amount in the case of the 3rd taxable year following such period. ‘‘(2) R
ULES FOR TRUSTS ELECTING DEFERRED  
INCLUSION .— ‘‘(A) E
LECTION .—Any election under para-graph (1)(B) shall be made not later than the due date for the first taxable year in the 5- taxable year period described in clause (i) of paragraph (1)(B) and shall be made in such manner as the Secretary shall provide. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULES .—If an election under paragraph (1)(B) is in effect with respect to any real estate investment trust, the fol-lowing rules shall apply: ‘‘(i) A
PPLICATION OF PARTICIPATION EXEMP -
TION.—For purposes of subsection (c)(1)— ‘‘(I) the aggregate amount to which sub-paragraph (A) or (B) of subsection (c)(1) ap-plies shall be determined without regard to the election, ‘‘(II) each such aggregate amount shall be allocated to each taxable year described in paragraph (1)(B) in the same proportion as the amount included in the gross income of such United States shareholder under sec-tion 951(a)(1) by reason of this section is allo-cated to each such taxable year. ‘‘(III) NO INSTALLMENT PAYMENTS .—The real estate investment trust may not make an election under subsection (g) for any tax-able year described in paragraph (1)(B). ‘‘(ii) A
CCELERATION OF INCLUSION .—If there is a liquidation or sale of substantially all the assets of the real estate investment trust (including in a title 11 or similar case), a ces-sation of business by such trust, or any simi-lar circumstance, then any amount not yet included in gross income under paragraph (1)(B) shall be included in gross income as of the day before the date of the event and the unpaid portion of any tax liability with re-spect to such inclusion shall be due on the date of such event (or in the case of a title 11 or similar case, the day before the petition is filed). ‘‘(n) E
LECTION NOT TO APPLY NETOPER-
ATING LOSSDEDUCTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a United States share-holder of a deferred foreign income corpora-tion elects the application of this subsection for the taxable year described in subsection (a), then the amount described in paragraph (2) shall not be taken into account— ‘‘(A) in determining the amount of the net operating loss deduction under section 172 of such shareholder for such taxable year, or ‘‘(B) in determining the amount of taxable income for such taxable year which may be reduced by net operating loss carryovers or carrybacks to such taxable year under sec-tion 172. ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT DESCRIBED .—The amount de-scribed in this paragraph is the sum of— ‘‘(A) the amount required to be taken into account under section 951(a)(1) by reason of this section (determined after the applica-tion of subsection (c)), plus ‘‘(B) in the case of a domestic corporation which chooses to have the benefits of subpart A of part III of subchapter N for the taxable year, the taxes deemed to be paid by such corporation under subsections (a) and (b) of section 960 for such taxable year with respect to the amount described in subparagraph (A) which are treated as a dividends under sec-tion 78. ‘‘(3) E
LECTION .—Any election under this subsection shall be made not later than the due date (including extensions) for filing the return of tax for the taxable year and shall be made in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe. ‘‘(o) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section or to pre-vent the avoidance of the purposes of this section, including through a reduction in earnings and profits through changes in enti-ty classification, changes in accounting methods, or otherwise.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subpart F of part III of sub-chapter N of chapter 1 is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 965 and in-serting the following: ‘‘Sec. 965. Treatment of deferred foreign in-come upon transition to par-ticipation exemption system of taxation.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7458 November 29, 2017 
Subpart B—Rules Related to Passive and Mobile Income CHAPTER 1—TAXATION OF FOREIGN-DE-RIVED INTANGIBLE INCOME AND GLOB-AL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED INCOME 
SEC. 14201. CURRENT YEAR INCLUSION OF GLOB-AL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED INCOME BY UNITED STATES SHAREHOLDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by in-serting after section 951 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 951A. GLOBAL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED IN-COME INCLUDED IN GROSS INCOME OF UNITED STATES SHAREHOLDERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each person who is a United States shareholder of any controlled foreign corporation for any taxable year of such United States shareholder shall include in gross income such shareholder’s global in-tangible low-taxed income for such taxable year. ‘‘(b) G
LOBAL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED IN-
COME .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘global intan-gible low-taxed income’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder for any taxable year of such United States share-holder, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) such shareholder’s net CFC tested in-come for such taxable year, over ‘‘(B) such shareholder’s net deemed tan-gible income return for such taxable year. ‘‘(2) N
ET DEEMED TANGIBLE INCOME RE -
TURN .—The term ‘net deemed tangible in-come return’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder for any taxable year, an amount equal to 10 percent of the aggregate of such shareholder’s pro rata share of the qualified business asset invest-ment of each controlled foreign corporation with respect to which such shareholder is a United States shareholder for such taxable year (determined for each taxable year of each such controlled foreign corporation which ends in or with such taxable year of such United States shareholder). ‘‘(c) N
ETCFC T ESTED INCOME .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘net CFC test-ed income’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder for any taxable year of such United States shareholder, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the aggregate of such shareholder’s pro rata share of the tested income of each controlled foreign corporation with respect to which such shareholder is a United States shareholder for such taxable year of such United States shareholder (determined for each taxable year of such controlled foreign corporation which ends in or with such tax-able year of such United States shareholder), over ‘‘(B) the aggregate of such shareholder’s pro rata share of the tested loss of each con-trolled foreign corporation with respect to which such shareholder is a United States shareholder for such taxable year of such United States shareholder (determined for each taxable year of such controlled foreign corporation which ends in or with such tax-able year of such United States shareholder). ‘‘(2) T
ESTED INCOME ; TESTED LOSS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(A) T
ESTED INCOME .—The term ‘tested in-come’ means, with respect to any controlled foreign corporation for any taxable year of such controlled foreign corporation, the ex-cess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the gross income of such corporation determined without regard to— ‘‘(I) any item of income described in sec-tion 952(b), ‘‘(II) any gross income taken into account in determining the subpart F income of such corporation, ‘‘(III) any gross income excluded from the foreign base company income (as defined in section 954) and the insurance income (as de-fined in section 953) of such corporation by reason of section 954(b)(4), ‘‘(IV) any dividend received from a related person (as defined in section 954(d)(3)), and ‘‘(V) any foreign oil and gas extraction in-come (as defined in section 907(c)(1)) of such corporation, over ‘‘(ii) the deductions (including taxes) prop-erly allocable to such gross income under rules similar to the rules of section 954(b)(5). ‘‘(B) TESTED LOSS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘tested loss’ means, with respect to any controlled for-eign corporation for any taxable year of such controlled foreign corporation, the excess (if any) of the amount described in subpara-graph (A)(ii) over the amount described in subparagraph (A)(i). ‘‘(ii) C
OORDINATION WITH SUBPART F TO DENY  
DOUBLE BENEFIT OF LOSSES .—Section 952(c)(1)(A) shall be applied by increasing the earnings and profits of the controlled foreign corporation by the tested loss of such cor-poration. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED BUSINESS ASSET INVEST -
MENT .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified busi-ness asset investment’ means, with respect to any corporation for any taxable year of such controlled foreign corporation, the av-erage of the aggregate of the corporation’s adjusted bases as of the close of each quarter of such taxable year in specified tangible property — ‘‘(A) used in a trade or business of the cor-poration, and ‘‘(B) of a type with respect to which a de-duction is allowable under section 167. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIED TANGIBLE PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘specified tan-gible property’ means, except as provided in subparagraph (B), any tangible property used in the production of tested income. ‘‘(B) D
UAL USE PROPERTY .—In the case of property used both in the production of test-ed income and income which is not tested in-come, such property shall be treated as spec-ified tangible property in the same propor-tion that the gross income described in sub-section (c)(1)(A) produced with respect to such property bears to the total gross in-come produced with respect to such prop-erty. ‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATION OF ADJUSTED BASIS .— For purposes of this subsection, notwith-standing any provision of this title (or any other provision of law) which is enacted after the date of the enactment of this section, the adjusted basis in any property shall be deter-mined using the alternative depreciation system under section 168(g). ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as the Secretary determines appropriate to pre-vent the avoidance of the purposes of this subsection, including regulations or other guidance which provide for the treatment of property if— ‘‘(A) such property is transferred, or held, temporarily, or ‘‘(B) the avoidance of the purposes of this paragraph is a factor in the transfer or hold-ing of such property. ‘‘(e) D
ETERMINATION OF PRORATA SHARE , 
ETC.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The pro rata shares re-ferred to in subsections (b), (c)(1)(A), and (c)(1)(B), respectively, shall be determined under the rules of section 951(a)(2) in the same manner as such section applies to sub-part F income and shall be taken into ac-count in the taxable year of the United States shareholder in which or with which the taxable year of the controlled foreign corporation ends. ‘‘(2) TREATMENT AS UNITED STATES SHARE -
HOLDER .—For purposes of paragraph (1), a person shall be treated as a United States shareholder of a controlled foreign corpora-tion for any taxable year only if such person owns (within the meaning of section 958(a)) stock in such foreign corporation on the last day, in such year, on which such foreign cor-poration is a controlled foreign corporation. ‘‘(3) T
REATMENT AS CONTROLLED FOREIGN  
CORPORATION .—A foreign corporation shall be treated as a controlled foreign corporation for any taxable year if such foreign corpora-tion is a controlled foreign corporation at any time during such taxable year. ‘‘(f) T
REATMENT AS SUBPART F INCOME FOR  C
ERTAIN PURPOSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATION .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), any global intangible low- taxed income included in gross income under subsection (a) shall be treated in the same manner as an amount included under section 951(a)(1)(A) for purposes of applying sections 168(h)(2)(B), 535(b)(10), 851(b), 904(h)(1), 959, 961, 962(c), 962(d), 993(a)(1)(E), 996(f)(1), 1248(b)(1), 1248(d)(1), 6501(e)(1)(C), 6654(d)(2)(D), and 6655(e)(4). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary shall pro-vide rules for the application of subpara-graph (A) to other provisions of this title in any case in which the determination of sub-part F income is required to be made at the level of the controlled foreign corporation. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF GLOBAL INTANGIBLE  
LOW-TAXED INCOME TO CONTROLLED FOREIGN  
CORPORATIONS .—For purposes of the sections referred to in paragraph (1), with respect to any controlled foreign corporation any pro rata amount from which is taken into ac-count in determining the global intangible low-taxed income included in gross income of a United States shareholder under sub-section (a), the portion of such global intan-gible low-taxed income which is treated as being with respect to such controlled foreign corporation is— ‘‘(A) in the case of a controlled foreign cor-poration with no tested income, zero, and ‘‘(B) in the case of a controlled foreign cor-poration with tested income, the portion of such global intangible low-taxed income which bears the same ratio to such global in-tangible low-taxed income as— ‘‘(i) such United States shareholder’s pro rata amount of the tested income of such controlled foreign corporation, bears to ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount described in subsection (c)(1)(A) with respect to such United States shareholder.’’. (b) F
OREIGN TAXCREDIT .— (1) A
PPLICATION OF DEEMED PAID FOREIGN  
TAX CREDIT .—Section 960 is amended adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) D
EEMED PAIDCREDIT FOR TAXES PROP-
ERLY ATTRIBUTABLE TO TESTED INCOME .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-part, if any amount is includible in the gross income of a domestic corporation under sec-tion 951A, such domestic corporation shall be deemed to have paid foreign income taxes equal to 80 percent of the product of— ‘‘(A) such domestic corporation’s inclusion percentage, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the aggregate tested foreign income taxes paid or accrued by controlled foreign corporations. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSION PERCENTAGE .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘inclusion percent-age’ means, with respect to any domestic corporation, the ratio (expressed as a per-centage) of— ‘‘(A) such corporation’s global intangible low-taxed income (as defined in section 951A(b)), divided by ‘‘(B) the aggregate amount described in section 951A(c)(1)(A) with respect to such corporation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7459 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(3) T ESTED FOREIGN INCOME TAXES .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘tested foreign income taxes’ means, with respect to any domestic corporation which is a United States shareholder of a controlled foreign corporation, the foreign income taxes paid or accrued by such foreign corporation which are properly attributable to the tested in-come of such foreign corporation taken into account by such domestic corporation under section 951A.’’. (2) A
PPLICATION OF FOREIGN TAX CREDIT LIM -
ITATION .— (A) S
EPARATE BASKET FOR GLOBAL INTAN -
GIBLE LOW -TAXED INCOME .—Section 904(d)(1) is amended by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), re-spectively, and by inserting before subpara-graph (B) (as so redesignated) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(A) any amount includible in gross in-come under section 951A (other than passive category income),’’. (B) E
XCLUSION FROM GENERAL CATEGORY IN -
COME .—Section 904(d)(2)(A)(ii) is amended by inserting ‘‘income described in paragraph (1)(A) and’’ before ‘‘passive category in-come’’. (C) N
O CARRYOVER OR CARRYBACK OF EXCESS  
TAXES .—Section 904(c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This subsection shall not apply to taxes paid or accrued with respect to amounts described in subsection (d)(1)(A).’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subpart F of part III of sub-chapter N of chapter 1 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 951 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 951A. Global intangible low-taxed in-come included in gross income of United States share-holders.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. 
SEC. 14202. DEDUCTION FOR FOREIGN-DERIVED INTANGIBLE INCOME AND GLOBAL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 250. FOREIGN-DERIVED INTANGIBLE IN-COME AND GLOBAL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED INCOME. 
‘‘(a) A LLOWANCE OF DEDUCTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a domestic corporation for any taxable year, there shall be allowed as a deduction an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(A) 37.5 percent of the foreign-derived in-tangible income of such domestic corpora-tion for such taxable year, plus ‘‘(B) 50 percent of the global intangible low-taxed income amount (if any) which is included in the gross income of such domes-tic corporation under section 951A for such taxable year. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION BASED ON TAXABLE IN -
COME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If, for any taxable year— ‘‘(i) the sum of the foreign-derived intan-gible income and the global intangible low- taxed income amount otherwise taken into account by the domestic corporation under paragraph (1), exceeds ‘‘(ii) the taxable income of the domestic corporation (determined without regard to this section), then the amount of the foreign-derived in-tangible income and the global intangible low-taxed income amount so taken into ac-count shall be reduced as provided in sub-paragraph (B). ‘‘(B) REDUCTION .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A)— ‘‘(i) foreign-derived intangible income shall be reduced by an amount which bears the same ratio to the excess described in sub-paragraph (A) as such foreign-derived intan-gible income bears to the sum described in subparagraph (A)(i), and ‘‘(ii) the global intangible low-taxed in-come amount shall be reduced by the re-mainder of such excess. ‘‘(3) R
EDUCTION IN DEDUCTION FOR TAXABLE  
YEARS AFTER 2025 .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2025, para-graph (1) shall be applied by substituting— ‘‘(A) ‘21.875 percent’ for ‘37.5 percent’ in subparagraph (A), and ‘‘(B) ‘37.5 percent’ for ‘50 percent’ in sub-paragraph (B). ‘‘(b) F
OREIGN -DERIVED INTANGIBLE IN-
COME .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The foreign-derived in-tangible income of any domestic corporation is the amount which bears the same ratio to the deemed intangible income of such cor-poration as— ‘‘(A) the foreign-derived deduction eligible income of such corporation, bears to ‘‘(B) the deduction eligible income of such corporation. ‘‘(2) D
EEMED INTANGIBLE INCOME .—For pur- poses of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘deemed intan-gible income’ means the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the deduction eligible income of the domestic corporation, over ‘‘(ii) the deemed tangible income return of the corporation. ‘‘(B) D
EEMED TANGIBLE INCOME RETURN .— The term ‘deemed tangible income return’ means, with respect to any corporation, an amount equal to 10 percent of the corpora-tion’s qualified business asset investment (as defined in section 951A(d), determined by substituting ‘deduction eligible income’ for ‘tested income’ in paragraph (2) thereof). ‘‘(3) D
EDUCTION ELIGIBLE INCOME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘deduction eli-gible income’ means, with respect to any do-mestic corporation, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) gross income of such corporation de-termined without regard to— ‘‘(I) the subpart F income of such corpora-tion determined under section 951, ‘‘(II) the global intangible low-taxed in-come determined under section 951A, ‘‘(III) any financial services income (as de-fined in section 904(d)(2)(D)) of such corpora-tion which is not described in clause (ii), ‘‘(IV) any dividend received from a cor-poration which is a controlled foreign cor-poration of such domestic corporation, ‘‘(V) any domestic oil and gas extraction income of such corporation, and ‘‘(VI) any foreign branch income (as de-fined in section 904(d)(2)(J)), over ‘‘(ii) the deductions (including taxes) prop-erly allocable to such gross income under rules similar to the rules of section 954(b)(5). ‘‘(B) D
OMESTIC OIL AND GAS EXTRACTION IN -
COME .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘domestic oil and gas extraction in-come’ means income described in section 907(c)(1), determined by substituting ‘within the United States’ for ‘without the United States’. ‘‘(4) F
OREIGN -DERIVED DEDUCTION ELIGIBLE  
INCOME .—The term ‘foreign-derived deduc-tion eligible income’ means, with respect to any taxpayer for any taxable year, any de-duction eligible income of such taxpayer which is derived in connection with— ‘‘(A) property— ‘‘(i) which is sold by the taxpayer to any person who is not a United States person, and ‘‘(ii) which the taxpayer establishes to the satisfaction of the Secretary is for a foreign use, or ‘‘(B) services provided by the taxpayer which the taxpayer establishes to the satis-faction of the Secretary are provided to any person, or with respect to property, not lo-cated within the United States. ‘‘(5) RULES RELATING TO FOREIGN USE PROP -
ERTY OR SERVICES .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) F
OREIGN USE .—The term ‘foreign use’ means any use, consumption, or disposition which is not within the United States. ‘‘(B) P
ROPERTY OR SERVICES PROVIDED TO  
DOMESTIC INTERMEDIARIES .— ‘‘(i) P
ROPERTY .—If a taxpayer sells prop-erty to another person (other than a related party) for further manufacture or other modification within the United States, such property shall not be treated as sold for a foreign use even if such other person subse-quently uses such property for a foreign use. ‘‘(ii) S
ERVICES .—If a taxpayer provides services to another person (other than a re-lated party) located within the United States, such services shall not be treated as described in paragraph (4)(B) even if such other person uses such services in providing services which are so described. ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULES WITH RESPECT TO RE -
LATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS .— ‘‘(i) S
ALES TO RELATED PARTIES .—If prop- erty is sold to a related party who is not a United States person, such sale shall not be treated as for a foreign use unless such prop-erty is sold by the related party to another person who is an unrelated party who is not a United States person and the taxpayer es-tablishes to the satisfaction of the Secretary that such property is for a foreign use. ‘‘(ii) S
ERVICE PROVIDED TO RELATED PAR -
TIES.—If a service is provided to a related party who is not located in the United States, such service shall be not be treated described in subparagraph (A)(ii) unless the taxpayer established to the satisfaction of the Secretary that such service is not sub-stantially similar to services provided by such related party to persons located within the United States. ‘‘(D) R
ELATED PARTY .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘related party’ means any member of an affiliated group as defined in section 1504(a), determined— ‘‘(i) by substituting ‘more than 50 percent’ for ‘at least 80 percent’ each place it appears, and ‘‘(ii) without regard to paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 1504(b). Any person (other than a corporation) shall be treated as a member of such group if such person is controlled by members of such group (including any entity treated as a member of such group by reason of this sen-tence) or controls any such member. For purposes of the preceding sentence, control shall be determined under the rules of sec-tion 954(d)(3). ‘‘(E) S
OLD.—For purposes of this sub-section, the terms ‘sold’, ‘sells’, and ‘sale’ shall include any lease, license, exchange, or other disposition. ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 172(d), as amended by section 13011, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(10) D
EDUCTION FOR FOREIGN -DERIVED IN -
TANGIBLE INCOME .—The deduction under sec-tion 250 shall not be allowed.’’. (2) Section 246(b)(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘and subsection (a) and (b) of section 245’’ the first place it appears and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7460 November 29, 2017 
inserting ‘‘, subsection (a) and (b) of section 245, and section 250’’, (B) by striking ‘‘and subsection (a) and (b) of section 245’’ the second place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) and (b) of sec-tion 245, and 250’’. (3) Section 469(i)(3)(F)(iii) is amended by striking ‘‘and 222’’ and inserting ‘‘222, and 250’’. (4) The table of sections for part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 250. Foreign-derived intangible income and global intangible low-taxed income.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14203. SPECIAL RULES FOR TRANSFERS OF INTANGIBLE PROPERTY FROM CON-TROLLED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS TO UNITED STATES SHAREHOLDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 966. TRANSFERS OF INTANGIBLE PROP-ERTY TO UNITED STATES SHARE-HOLDERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of any dis-tribution of intangible property which is held by a controlled foreign corporation on the date of enactment of this section and which is described in subsection (b)— ‘‘(1) for purposes of part I of subchapter C and any other provision of this title specified by the Secretary, the fair market value of such property on the date of such distribu-tion shall be treated as not exceeding the ad-justed basis of such property immediately before such distribution, and ‘‘(2) if the distribution is to a United States shareholder and is not a dividend— ‘‘(A) the United States shareholder’s ad-justed basis in the stock of the controlled foreign corporation with respect to which such distribution is made shall be increased by the amount (if any) of such distribution which would (but for this subsection) be in-cludible in gross income, and ‘‘(B) the adjusted basis of such property in the hands of such United States shareholder immediately after such distribution shall be such adjusted basis immediately before such distribution reduced by the amount of the increase described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(b) D
ISTRIBUTION .—A distribution is de-scribed in this section if the distribution is— ‘‘(1) received by a domestic corporation from a controlled foreign corporation with respect to which such corporation is a United States shareholder, and ‘‘(2) made by the controlled foreign cor-poration before the last day of the third tax-able year of the controlled foreign corpora-tion beginning after December 31, 2017. ‘‘(c) I
NTANGIBLE PROPERTY .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘intangible prop-erty’ has the meaning given such term by section 936(h)(3)(B) or which is computer software described in section 197(e)(3)(B).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 197(f)(2)(B)(i) is amended by in-serting ‘‘966(a),’’ after ‘‘731,’’. (2) The table of sections for subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 966. Transfers of intangible property to United States share-holders.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distribu-tions made in taxable years of foreign cor-porations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States share-holders in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corporations end. CHAPTER 2—OTHER MODIFICATIONS OF SUBPART F PROVISIONS SEC. 14211. ELIMINATION OF INCLUSION OF FOR-EIGN BASE COMPANY OIL RELATED INCOME. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Subsection (a) of section 954 is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (2), (2) by striking the comma at the end of paragraph (3) and inserting a period, and (3) by striking paragraph (5). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 952(c)(1)(B)(iii) is amended by striking subclause (I) and redesignating sub-clauses (II) through (V) as subclauses (I) through (IV), respectively. (2) Section 954(b) is amended— (A) by striking the second sentence of paragraph (4), (B) by striking ‘‘the foreign base company services income, and the foreign base com-pany oil related income’’ in paragraph (5) and inserting ‘‘and the foreign base company services income’’, and (C) by striking paragraph (6). (3) Section 954 is amended by striking sub-section (g). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders with or within which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. 
SEC. 14212. INFLATION ADJUSTMENT OF DE MINI-MIS EXCEPTION FOR FOREIGN BASE COMPANY INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 954(b)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2017, the dollar amount in subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. Any increase determined under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $50,000.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. 
SEC. 14213. REPEAL OF INCLUSION BASED ON WITHDRAWAL OF PREVIOUSLY EX-CLUDED SUBPART F INCOME FROM QUALIFIED INVESTMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 955. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1)(A) Section 951(a)(1)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) his pro rata share (determined under paragraph (2)) of the corporation’s subpart F income for such year, and’’. (B) Section 851(b) is amended by striking ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)(i)’’ in the flush language at the end and inserting ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)’’. (C) Section 952(c)(1)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)(i)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)’’. (D) Section 953(c)(1)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)(i)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)’’. (2) Section 951(a) is amended by striking paragraph (3). (3) Section 953(d)(4)(B)(iv)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘or amounts referred to in clause (ii) or (iii) of section 951(a)(1)(A)’’. (4) Section 964(b) is amended by striking ‘‘, 955,’’. (5) Section 970 is amended by striking sub-section (b). (6) The table of sections for subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 955. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. 
SEC. 14214. MODIFICATION OF STOCK ATTRIBU-TION RULES FOR DETERMINING STATUS AS A CONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 958(b) is amend-ed— (1) by striking paragraph (4), and (2) by striking ‘‘Paragraphs (1) and (4)’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘Paragraph (1)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to— (1) the last taxable year of foreign corpora-tions beginning before January 1, 2018, and each subsequent taxable year of such foreign corporations, and (2) taxable years of United States share-holders in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corporations end. 
SEC. 14215. MODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF UNITED STATES SHAREHOLDER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 951(b) is amended by inserting ‘‘, or 10 percent or more of the total value of shares of all classes of stock of such foreign corporation’’ after ‘‘such for-eign corporation’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders with or within which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. 
SEC. 14216. ELIMINATION OF REQUIREMENT THAT CORPORATION MUST BE CON-TROLLED FOR 30 DAYS BEFORE SUB-PART F INCLUSIONS APPLY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 951(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘for an uninterrupted period of 30 days or more’’ and inserting ‘‘at any time’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders with or within which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. 
SEC. 14217. LOOK-THRU RULE FOR RELATED CONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORA-TIONS MADE PERMANENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (6) of section 954(c) is amended by striking subparagraph (C). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. 
SEC. 14218. CORPORATIONS ELIGIBLE FOR DE-DUCTION FOR DIVIDENDS FROM CONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORA-TIONS EXEMPT FROM SUBPART F IN-CLUSION FOR INVESTMENT IN UNITED STATES PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 956(a) is amended by inserting ‘‘(other than a corporation)’’ after ‘‘United States shareholder’’ in the matter preceding paragraph (1). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years of controlled foreign corporations end-ing after December 31, 2017, and to taxable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7461 November 29, 2017 
years of United States shareholders with or within which such taxable years of con-trolled foreign corporations end. CHAPTER 3—PREVENTION OF BASE EROSION 
SEC. 14221. DENIAL OF DEDUCTION FOR INTER-EST EXPENSE OF UNITED STATES SHAREHOLDERS WHICH ARE MEM-BERS OF WORLDWIDE AFFILIATED GROUPS WITH EXCESS DOMESTIC INDEBTEDNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 163 is amended by redesignating subsection (n) as subsection (o) and by inserting after subsection (m) the following new subsection: ‘‘(n) D
ISALLOWANCE OF DEDUCTION FOR IN-
TEREST EXPENSE OF UNITED STATES SHARE -
HOLDERS WHICH AREMEMBERS OF WORLDWIDE  A
FFILIATED GROUPS WITHEXCESS DOMESTIC  I
NDEBTEDNESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any domes-tic corporation which is a member of a worldwide affiliated group, the deduction al-lowed under this chapter for interest paid or accrued by such domestic corporation during the taxable year shall be reduced by the product of— ‘‘(A) the net interest expense of such do-mestic corporation, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the debt-to-equity differential per-centage of such worldwide affiliated group. ‘‘(2) C
ARRYFORWARD .—Any amount dis-allowed under paragraph (1) for any taxable year shall be treated as interest paid or ac-crued in the succeeding taxable year. ‘‘(3) D
EBT-TO-EQUITY DIFFERENTIAL PER -
CENTAGE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘debt-to-equity differential percentage’ means, with respect to any worldwide affiliated group, the percentage which the excess domestic indebtedness of such group bears to the total indebtedness of the domestic corporations which are mem-bers of such group. ‘‘(B) E
XCESS DOMESTIC INDEBTEDNESS .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘ex-cess domestic indebtedness’ means, with re-spect to any worldwide affiliated group, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the total indebtedness of the domestic corporations which are members of such group, over ‘‘(ii) 110 percent of the amount which the total indebtedness of such domestic corpora-tions would be if the ratio of such indebted-ness to the total equity of such domestic cor-porations equaled the ratio which— ‘‘(I) the total indebtedness of such group, bears to ‘‘(II) the total equity of such group. ‘‘(C) T
OTAL EQUITY .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (B), the term ‘total equity’ means, with respect to one or more corporations, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the money and all other assets of such corporations, over ‘‘(ii) the total indebtedness of such cor-porations. ‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULES FOR DETERMINING DEBT  
AND EQUITY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(I) the amount taken into account with respect to any asset shall be the adjusted basis thereof for purposes of determining gain, ‘‘(II) the amount taken into account with respect to any indebtedness with original issue discount shall be its issue price plus the portion of the original issue discount previously accrued as determined under the rules of section 1272 (determined without re-gard to subsection (a)(7) or (b)(4) thereof), and ‘‘(III) there shall be such other adjust-ments as the Secretary shall by regulations prescribe. ‘‘(ii) INTRAGROUP DEBT AND EQUITY INTER -
ESTS DISREGARDED .—For purposes of this paragraph, the total indebtedness, and the assets, of any group of corporations shall be determined by treating all members of such group as one corporation. ‘‘(iii) D
ETERMINATION OF ASSETS OF DOMES -
TIC GROUP .—For purposes of this paragraph, the assets of the domestic corporations which are members of any worldwide affili-ated group shall be determined by dis-regarding any interest held by any such do-mestic corporation in any foreign corpora-tion which is a member of such group. ‘‘(4) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) W
ORLDWIDE AFFILIATED GROUP .—The term ‘worldwide affiliated group’ means a group consisting of the includible members of an affiliated group, as defined in section 1504(a), determined— ‘‘(i) by substituting ‘more than 50 percent’ for ‘at least 80 percent’ each place it appears in such section, and ‘‘(ii) without regard to paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) of section 1504(b). ‘‘(B) N
ET INTEREST EXPENSE .—The term ‘net interest expense’ means the excess (if any) of ‘‘(i) the interest paid or accrued by the tax-payer during the taxable year, over ‘‘(ii) the amount of interest includible in the gross income of such taxpayer for such taxable year. The Secretary shall by regulations provide for adjustments in determining the amount of net interest expense if necessary. ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT OF AFFILIATED GROUP .—For purposes of this subsection, all members of the same affiliated group (within the mean-ing of section 1504(a) applied by substituting ‘more than 50 percent’ for ‘at least 80 per-cent’ each place it appears) shall be treated as one taxpayer. ‘‘(6) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be appropriate to carry out the pur-poses of this subsection, including regula-tions or other guidance— ‘‘(A) to prevent the avoidance of the pur-poses of this subsection, ‘‘(B) providing such adjustments in the case of corporations which are members of an affiliated group as may be appropriate to carry out the purposes of this subsection, ‘‘(C) providing for the coordination of this subsection with section 884, ‘‘(D) providing for the reallocation of shares of partnership indebtedness, or dis-tributive shares of the partnership’s interest income or interest expense, and ‘‘(E) providing for the coordination with the limitation under subsection (j).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14222. LIMITATIONS ON INCOME SHIFTING THROUGH INTANGIBLE PROPERTY TRANSFERS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF INTANGIBLE ASSET.—Sec- tion 936(h)(3)(B) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (v), (2) by striking clause (vi) and inserting the following: ‘‘(vi) any goodwill, going concern value, or workforce in place (including its composi-tion and terms and conditions (contractual or otherwise) of its employment); or ‘‘(vii) any other item the value or potential value of which is not attributable to tangible property or the services of any individual.’’, and (3) by striking the flush language after clause (vii), as added by paragraph (2). (b) C
LARIFICATION OF ALLOWABLE VALU-
ATION METHODS .— (1) FOREIGN CORPORATIONS .—Section 367(d)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—For pur- poses of the last sentence of subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall require— ‘‘(i) the valuation of transfers of intangible property, including intangible property transferred with other property or services, on an aggregate basis, or ‘‘(ii) the valuation of such a transfer on the basis of the realistic alternatives to such a transfer, if the Secretary determines that such basis is the most reliable means of valuation of such transfers.’’. (2) A
LLOCATION AMONG TAXPAYERS .—Sec- tion 482 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of this section, the Secretary shall require the valuation of transfers of intangible property (including intangible property transferred with other property or services) on an aggregate basis or the valuation of such a transfer on the basis of the realistic alternatives to such a transfer, if the Secretary determines that such basis is the most reliable means of valu-ation of such transfers.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to transfers in tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) N
O INFERENCE .—Nothing in the amend-ment made by subsection (a) shall be con-strued to create any inference with respect to the application of section 936(h)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or the author-ity of the Secretary of the Treasury to pro-vide regulations for such application, with respect to taxable years beginning before January 1, 2018. 
SEC. 14223. CERTAIN RELATED PARTY AMOUNTS PAID OR ACCRUED IN HYBRID TRANSACTIONS OR WITH HYBRID ENTITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part IX of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after section 267 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 267A. CERTAIN RELATED PARTY AMOUNTS PAID OR ACCRUED IN HYBRID TRANSACTIONS OR WITH HYBRID ENTITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—No deduction shall be al-lowed under this chapter for any disqualified related party amount paid or accrued pursu-ant to a hybrid transaction or by, or to, a hybrid entity. ‘‘(b) D
ISQUALIFIED RELATED PARTY  A
MOUNT .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) D
ISQUALIFIED RELATED PARTY  
AMOUNT .—The term ‘disqualified related party amount’ means any interest or royalty paid or accrued to a related party to the ex-tent that— ‘‘(A) such amount is not included in the in-come of such related party under the tax law of the country of which such related party is a resident for tax purposes or is subject to tax, or ‘‘(B) such related party is allowed a deduc-tion with respect to such amount under the tax law of such country. Such term shall not include any payment to the extent such payment is included in the gross income of a United States shareholder under section 951(a). ‘‘(2) R
ELATED PARTY .—The term ‘related party’ means a related person as defined in section 954(d)(3), except that such section shall be applied with respect to the person making the payment described in paragraph (1) in lieu of the controlled foreign corpora-tion otherwise referred to in such section. ‘‘(c) H
YBRID TRANSACTION .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘hybrid transaction’ means any transaction, series of trans-actions, agreement, or instrument one or more payments with respect to which are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7462 November 29, 2017 
treated as interest or royalties for purposes of this chapter and which are not so treated for purposes the tax law of the foreign coun-try of which the recipient of such payment is resident for tax purposes or is subject to tax. ‘‘(d) H
YBRID ENTITY .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘hybrid entity’ means any entity which is either— ‘‘(1) treated as fiscally transparent for pur-poses of this chapter but not so treated for purposes of the tax law of the foreign coun-try of which the entity is resident for tax purposes or is subject to tax, or ‘‘(2) treated as fiscally transparent for pur-poses of such tax law but not so treated for purposes of this chapter. ‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section, including regu-lations or other guidance providing for— ‘‘(1) rules for treating certain conduit ar-rangements which involve a hybrid trans-action or a hybrid entity as subject to sub-section (a), ‘‘(2) rules for the application of this section to foreign branches, ‘‘(3) rules for treating certain structured transactions as subject to subsection (a), ‘‘(4) rules for treating a tax preference as an exclusion from income for purposes of ap-plying subsection (b)(1) if such tax pref-erence has the effect of reducing the gen-erally applicable statutory rate by 25 percent or more, ‘‘(5) rules for treating the entire amount of interest or royalty paid or accrued to a re-lated party as a disqualified related party amount if such amount is subject to a par-ticipation exemption system or other system which provides for the exclusion or deduc-tion of a substantial portion of such amount, ‘‘(6) rules for determining the tax residence of a foreign entity if the entity is otherwise considered a resident of more than one coun-try or of no country, ‘‘(7) exceptions from subsection (a) with re-spect to— ‘‘(A) cases in which the disqualified related party amount is taxed under the laws of a foreign country other than the country of which the related party is a resident for tax purposes, and ‘‘(B) other cases which the Secretary deter-mines do not present a risk of eroding the Federal tax base, ‘‘(8) requirements for record keeping and information reporting in addition to any re-quirements imposed by section 6038A.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part IX of subchapter B of chap-ter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 267 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 267A. Certain related party amounts paid or accrued in hybrid trans-actions or with hybrid enti-ties.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14224. TERMINATION OF SPECIAL RULES FOR DOMESTIC INTERNATIONAL SALES CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part IV of subchapter N of chapter 1 (relating to domestic inter-national sales corporations) is amended by adding at the end the following new subpart: ‘‘Subpart C—Termination ‘‘Sec. 998. Termination of domestic inter-national sales corporation pro-visions. 
‘‘SEC. 998. TERMINATION OF DOMESTIC INTER-NATIONAL SALES CORPORATION PROVISIONS. 
‘‘(a) T ERMINATION OF ELECTION .—Any elec- tion under section 992(b) in effect for a cor-poration’s last taxable year beginning in 2018 shall be terminated effective for such cor-poration’s next succeeding taxable year. ‘‘(b) NONEWELECTION .—No election may be made under section 992(b) for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2018. ‘‘(c) E
FFECT OF TERMINATION .—A share- holder of a corporation whose election is ter-minated by reason of subsection (a) shall be deemed to have received a distribution to which section 995(b)(2) applies for the first taxable year for which the termination is ef-fective. Such distribution (or any actual dis-tribution after termination to the extent paid out of the corporation’s accumulated DISC income) shall not be treated as quali-fied dividend income (within the meaning of section 1(h)(11)(B)).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for part IV of subchapter N of chap-ter 1 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘
SUBPART C —TERMINATION ’’. 
SEC. 14225. SHAREHOLDERS OF SURROGATE FOR-EIGN CORPORATIONS NOT ELIGIBLE FOR REDUCED RATE ON DIVIDENDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1(h)(11)(C)(iii) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall not include any for-eign corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘shall not include— ‘‘(I) any foreign corporation’’, (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘, and’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(II) any corporation which is a surrogate foreign corporation (as defined in section 7874(a)(2)(B)) other than a foreign corpora-tion which is treated as a domestic corpora-tion under section 7874(b).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to dividends paid in taxable years beginning after Decem-ber 31, 2017. Subpart C—Modifications Related to Foreign Tax Credit System 
SEC. 14301. REPEAL OF SECTION 902 INDIRECT FOREIGN TAX CREDITS; DETERMINA-TION OF SECTION 960 CREDIT ON CURRENT YEAR BASIS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SECTION 902 I NDIRECT FOR-
EIGN TAXCREDITS .—Subpart A of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 902. (b) D
ETERMINATION OF SECTION 960 C REDIT  
ONCURRENT YEAR BASIS.—Section 960, as amended by section 14201, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (c), by redesig-nating subsection (b) as subsection (c), by striking all that precedes subsection (c) (as so redesignated) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 960. DEEMED PAID CREDIT FOR SUBPART F INCLUSIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-part, if there is included in the gross income of a domestic corporation any item of in-come under section 951(a)(1) with respect to any controlled foreign corporation with re-spect to which such domestic corporation is a United States shareholder, such domestic corporation shall be deemed to have paid so much of such foreign corporation’s foreign income taxes as are properly attributable to such item of income. ‘‘(b) S
PECIAL RULES FOR DISTRIBUTIONS  F
ROM PREVIOUSLY TAXED EARNINGS AND  P
ROFITS .—For purposes of this subpart— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If any portion of a dis-tribution from a controlled foreign corpora-tion to a domestic corporation which is a United States shareholder with respect to such controlled foreign corporation is ex-cluded from gross income under section 959(a), such domestic corporation shall be deemed to have paid so much of such foreign corporation’s foreign income taxes as— ‘‘(A) are properly attributable to such por-tion, and ‘‘(B) have not been deemed to have to been paid by such domestic corporation under this section for the taxable year or any prior tax-able year. ‘‘(2) TIERED CONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORA -
TIONS .—If section 959(b) applies to any por-tion of a distribution from a controlled for-eign corporation to another controlled for-eign corporation, such controlled foreign corporation shall be deemed to have paid so much of such other controlled foreign cor-poration’s foreign income taxes as— ‘‘(A) are properly attributable to such por-tion, and ‘‘(B) have not been deemed to have been paid by a domestic corporation under this section for any prior taxable year.’’, (2) and by adding after subsection (d) (as added by section 14201) the following new subsections: ‘‘(e) F
OREIGN INCOME TAXES .—The term ‘foreign income taxes’ means any income, war profits, or excess profits taxes paid or accrued to any foreign country or possession of the United States. ‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 78, as amended by section 14201, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 78. GROSS UP FOR DEEMED PAID FOREIGN TAX CREDIT. 
‘‘If a domestic corporation chooses to have the benefits of subpart A of part III of sub-chapter N (relating to foreign tax credit) for any taxable year— ‘‘(1) an amount equal to the taxes deemed to be paid by such corporation under sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 960 for such taxable year shall be treated for purposes of this title (other than section 960) as an item of income required to be included in the gross income of such domestic corporation under section 951(a), and ‘‘(2) an amount equal to the aggregate test-ed foreign income taxes deemed paid by such corporation under section 960(d) (determined without regard to the phrase ‘80 percent of’ in paragraph (1) thereof) shall be treated for purposes of this title (other than section 960) as an addition to the global intangible low- taxed income of such domestic corporation under section 951A(a) for such taxable year.’’. (2) Paragraph (4) of section 245(a) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(4) P
OST-1986 UNDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS .— The term ‘post-1986 undistributed earnings’ means the amount of the earnings and prof-its of the foreign corporation (computed in accordance with sections 964(a) and 986) ac-cumulated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 1986— ‘‘(A) as of the close of the taxable year of the foreign corporation in which the divi-dend is distributed, and ‘‘(B) without diminution by reason of divi-dends distributed during such taxable year.’’. (3) Section 245(a)(10)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘902, 907, and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘907 and 960’’. (4) Sections 535(b)(1) and 545(b)(1) are each amended by striking ‘‘section 902(a) or 960(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (5) Section 814(f)(1) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (B), and (B) by striking all that precedes ‘‘No in-come’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) T
REATMENT OF FOREIGN TAXES .—’’. (6) Section 865(h)(1)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘902, 907,’’ and inserting ‘‘907’’. (7) Section 901(a) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 902 and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7463 November 29, 2017 
(8) Section 901(e)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘but is not limited to—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘that portion’’ and inserting ‘‘but is not limited to that portion’’. (9) Section 901(f) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 902 and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (10) Section 901(j)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘902 or’’. (11) Section 901(j)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 902 and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (12) Section 901(k)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, 902,’’. (13) Section 901(k)(6) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘902 or’’. (14) Section 901(m)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘relevant foreign assets—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘relevant foreign as-sets shall not be taken into account in deter-mining the credit allowed under subsection (a).’’. (15) Section 904(d)(6)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘902, 907,’’ and inserting ‘‘907’’. (16) Section 904(h)(10)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 902, 907, and 960’’ and in-serting ‘‘sections 907 and 960’’. (17) Section 904(k) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(k) C
ROSS REFERENCES .—For increase of limitation under subsection (a) for taxes paid with respect to amounts received which were included in the gross income of the tax-payer for a prior taxable year as a United States shareholder with respect to a con-trolled foreign corporation, see section 960(c).’’. (18) Section 905(c)(1) is amended by strik-ing the last sentence. (19) Section 905(c)(2)(B)(i) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) shall be taken into account for the taxable year to which such taxes relate, and’’. (20) Section 906(a) is amended by striking ‘‘(or deemed, under section 902, paid or ac-crued during the taxable year)’’. (21) Section 906(b) is amended by striking paragraphs (4) and (5). (22) Section 907(b)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘902 or’’. (23) Section 907(c)(3) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (A) and redes-ignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as sub-paragraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and (B) by striking ‘‘section 960(a)’’ in subpara-graph (A) (as so redesignated) and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (24) Section 907(c)(5) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘902 or’’. (25) Section 907(f)(2)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘902 or’’. (26) Section 908(a) is amended by striking ‘‘902 or’’. (27) Section 909(b) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 902 corporation’’ in the matter preceding paragraph (1) and in-serting ‘‘specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation (as defined in section 245A(b))’’, (B) by striking ‘‘902 or’’ in paragraph (1), (C) by striking ‘‘by such section 902 cor-poration’’ and all that follows in the matter following paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘by such specified 10-percent owned foreign cor-poration or a domestic corporation which is a United States shareholder with respect to such specified 10-percent owned foreign cor-poration.’’, and (D) by striking ‘‘S
ECTION 902 C ORPORA -
TIONS ’’ in the heading thereof and inserting ‘‘S
PECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN COR-
PORATIONS ’’. (28) Section 909(d) is amended by striking paragraph (5). (29) Section 958(a)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘960(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘960’’. (30) Section 959(d) is amended by striking ‘‘Except as provided in section 960(a)(3), any’’ and inserting ‘‘Any’’. (31) Section 959(e) is amended by striking ‘‘section 960(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960(c)’’. (32) Section 1291(g)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘any distribution—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘but only if’’ and inserting ‘‘any distribution, any withholding tax im-posed with respect to such distribution, but only if’’. (33) Section 6038(c)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 902 (relating to foreign tax credit for corporate stockholder in foreign corporation) and 960 (relating to special rules for foreign tax credit)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 960’’. (34) Section 6038(c)(4) is amended by strik-ing subparagraph (C). (35) The table of sections for subpart A of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 902. (36) The table of sections for subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 960 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 960. Deemed paid credit for subpart F inclusions.’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. 
SEC. 14302. SEPARATE FOREIGN TAX CREDIT LIM-ITATION BASKET FOR FOREIGN BRANCH INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 904(d)(1), as amended by section 14201, is amended by re-designating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively, and by inserting after subparagraph (A) the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) foreign branch income,’’. (b) F
OREIGN BRANCH INCOME .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 904(d)(2) is amend-ed by inserting after subparagraph (I) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(J) F
OREIGN BRANCH INCOME .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘foreign branch income’ means the business profits of such United States person which are attributable to 1 or more qualified business units (as de-fined in section 989(a)) in 1 or more foreign countries. For purposes of the preceding sen-tence, the amount of business profits attrib-utable to a qualified business unit shall be determined under rules established by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—Such term shall not in-clude any income which is passive category income.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 904(d)(2)(A)(ii), as amended by section 14201, is amended by striking ‘‘income described in paragraph (1)(A) and’’ and inserting ‘‘income described in paragraph (1)(A), foreign branch income, and’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14303. ACCELERATION OF ELECTION TO AL-LOCATE INTEREST, ETC., ON A WORLDWIDE BASIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 864(f)(6) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2020’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14304. SOURCE OF INCOME FROM SALES OF INVENTORY DETERMINED SOLELY ON BASIS OF PRODUCTION ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 863(b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Gains, profits, and income from the sale or ex-change of inventory property described in paragraph (2) shall be allocated and appor-tioned between sources within and without the United States solely on the basis of the production activities with respect to the property.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART II—INBOUND TRANSACTIONS 
SEC. 14401. BASE EROSION AND ANTI-ABUSE TAX. 
(a) I MPOSITION OF TAX.—Subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ‘‘PART VII—BASE EROSION AND ANTI- ABUSE TAX ‘‘Sec. 59A. Tax on base erosion payments of taxpayers with substantial gross receipts. 
‘‘SEC. 59A. TAX ON BASE EROSION PAYMENTS OF TAXPAYERS WITH SUBSTANTIAL GROSS RECEIPTS. 
‘‘(a) I MPOSITION OF TAX.—There is hereby imposed on each applicable taxpayer for any taxable year a tax equal to the base erosion minimum tax amount for the taxable year. Such tax shall be in addition to any other tax imposed by this subtitle. ‘‘(b) B
ASE EROSION MINIMUM TAX A
MOUNT .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the term ‘base erosion min-imum tax amount’ means, with respect to any applicable taxpayer for any taxable year, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) an amount equal to 10 percent of the modified taxable income of such taxpayer for the taxable year, over ‘‘(B) an amount equal to the regular tax li-ability (as defined in section 26(b)) of the taxpayer for the taxable year, reduced (but not below zero) by the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the credits allowed under this chapter against such regular tax liability, over ‘‘(ii) the credit allowed under section 38 for the taxable year which is properly allocable to the research credit determined under sec-tion 41(a). ‘‘(2) M
ODIFICATIONS FOR TAXABLE YEARS BE -
GINNING AFTER 2025 .—In the case of any tax-able year beginning after December 31, 2025, paragraph (1) shall be applied— ‘‘(A) by substituting ‘12.5 percent’ for ‘10 percent’ in subparagraph (A) thereof, and ‘‘(B) by reducing (but not below zero) the regular tax liability (as defined in section 26(b)) for purposes of subparagraph (B) there-of by the aggregate amount of the credits al-lowed under this chapter against such reg-ular tax liability rather than the excess de-scribed in such subparagraph. ‘‘(c) M
ODIFIED TAXABLE INCOME .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘modified tax-able income’ means the taxable income of the taxpayer computed under this chapter for the taxable year, determined without re-gard to— ‘‘(A) any base erosion tax benefit with re-spect to any base erosion payment, or ‘‘(B) the base erosion percentage of any net operating loss deduction allowed under sec-tion 172 for the taxable year. ‘‘(2) B
ASE EROSION TAX BENEFIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘base erosion tax benefit’ means— ‘‘(i) any deduction described in subsection (d)(1) which is allowed under this chapter for the taxable year with respect to any base erosion payment, ‘‘(ii) in the case of a base erosion payment described in subsection (d)(2), any deduction allowed under this chapter for the taxable year for depreciation (or amortization in lieu of depreciation) with respect to the property acquired with such payment, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7464 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(iii) in the case of a base erosion payment described in subsection (d)(3), any reduction in gross receipts with respect to such pay-ment in computing gross income of the tax-payer for the taxable year for purposes of this chapter. ‘‘(B) T
AX BENEFITS DISREGARDED IF TAX  
WITHHELD ON BASE EROSION PAYMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), any base erosion tax benefit at-tributable to any base erosion payment— ‘‘(I) on which tax is imposed by section 871 or 881, and ‘‘(II) with respect to which tax has been de-ducted and withheld under section 1441 or 1442, shall not be taken into account in computing modified taxable income under paragraph (1)(A) or the base erosion percentage under paragraph (4). ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—The amount not taken into account in computing modified taxable income by reason of clause (i) shall be re-duced under rules similar to the rules under section 163(j)(5)(B) (as in effect before the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act). ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULES FOR DETERMINING INTER -
EST FOR WHICH DEDUCTION ALLOWED .—For pur- poses of applying paragraph (1), in the case of a taxpayer to which subsection (j) or (n) of section 163 applies for the taxable year, the reduction in the amount of interest for which a deduction is allowed by reason of such subsection shall be treated as allocable first to interest paid or accrued to persons who are not related parties with respect to the taxpayer and then to such related par-ties. ‘‘(4) B
ASE EROSION PERCENTAGE .—For pur- poses of paragraph (1)(B)— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘base erosion percentage’ means, for any taxable year, the percentage determined by dividing— ‘‘(i) the aggregate amount of base erosion tax benefits of the taxpayer for the taxable year, by ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount of the deduc-tions allowable to the taxpayer under this chapter for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULES .—The amount under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be determined— ‘‘(i) by taking into account base erosion tax benefits described in clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (2)(A), and ‘‘(ii) by not taking into account any deduc-tion allowed under section 172, 245A, or 250 for the taxable year. ‘‘(d) B
ASEEROSION PAYMENT .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘base erosion payment’ means any amount paid or accrued by the taxpayer to a foreign person which is a related party of the taxpayer and with re-spect to which a deduction is allowable under this chapter. ‘‘(2) P
URCHASE OF DEPRECIABLE PROPERTY .— Such term shall also include any amount paid or accrued by the taxpayer to a foreign person which is a related party of the tax-payer in connection with the acquisition by the taxpayer from such person of property of a character subject to the allowance of de-preciation (or amortization in lieu of depre-ciation). ‘‘(3) C
ERTAIN PAYMENTS TO EXPATRIATED EN -
TITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Such term shall also in-clude any amount paid or accrued by the taxpayer with respect to a person described in subparagraph (B) which results in a reduc-tion of the gross receipts of the taxpayer. ‘‘(B) P
ERSON DESCRIBED .—A person is de-scribed in this subparagraph if such person is a— ‘‘(i) surrogate foreign corporation which is a related party of the taxpayer, but only if such person first became a surrogate foreign corporation after November 9, 2017, or ‘‘(ii) foreign person which is a member of the same expanded affiliated group as the surrogate foreign corporation. ‘‘(C) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) S
URROGATE FOREIGN CORPORATION .— The term ‘surrogate foreign corporation’ has the meaning given such term by section 7874(a)(2) but does not include a foreign cor-poration treated as a domestic corporation under section 7874(b). ‘‘(ii) E
XPANDED AFFILIATED GROUP .—The term ‘expanded affiliated group’ has the meaning given such term by section 7874(c)(1). ‘‘(4) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN AMOUNTS WITH  
RESPECT TO SERVICES .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any amount paid or accrued by a taxpayer for services if— ‘‘(A) such services are services which meet the requirements for eligibility for use of the services cost method under section 482 (de-termined without regard to the requirement that the services not contribute significantly to fundamental risks of business success or failure), and ‘‘(B) such amount constitutes the total services cost with no markup. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICABLE TAXPAYER .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘applicable taxpayer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, a taxpayer— ‘‘(A) which is a corporation other than a regulated investment company, a real estate investment trust, or an S corporation, ‘‘(B) the average annual gross receipts of which for the 3-taxable-year period ending with the preceding taxable year are at least $500,000,000, and ‘‘(C) the base erosion percentage (as deter-mined under subsection (c)(4)) of which for the taxable year is 4 percent or higher. ‘‘(2) G
ROSS RECEIPTS .— ‘‘(A) S
PECIAL RULE FOR FOREIGN PERSONS .— In the case of a foreign person the gross re-ceipts of which are taken into account for purposes of paragraph (1)(B), only gross re-ceipts which are taken into account in deter-mining income which is effectively con-nected with the conduct of a trade or busi-ness within the United States shall be taken into account. In the case of a taxpayer which is a foreign person, the preceding sentence shall not apply to the gross receipts of any United States person which are aggregated with the taxpayer’s gross receipts by reason of paragraph (3). ‘‘(B) O
THER RULES MADE APPLICABLE .— Rules similar to the rules of subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) of section 448(c)(3) shall apply in determining gross receipts for pur-poses of this section. ‘‘(3) A
GGREGATION RULES .—All persons treated as a single employer under sub-section (a) of section 52 shall be treated as 1 person for purposes of this subsection and subsection (c)(4), except that in applying sec-tion 1563 for purposes of section 52, the ex-ception for foreign corporations under sec-tion 1563(b)(2)(C) shall be disregarded. ‘‘(f) F
OREIGN PERSON .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘foreign person’ has the meaning given such term by section 6038A(c)(3). ‘‘(g) R
ELATED PARTY .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘related party’ means, with respect to any applicable tax-payer— ‘‘(A) any 25-percent owner of the taxpayer, ‘‘(B) any person who is related (within the meaning of section 267(b) or 707(b)(1)) to the taxpayer or any 25-percent owner of the tax-payer, and ‘‘(C) any other person who is related (with-in the meaning of section 482) to the tax-payer. ‘‘(2) 25-PERCENT OWNER .—The term ‘25-per-cent owner’ means, with respect to any cor-poration, any person who owns at least 25 percent of— ‘‘(A) the total voting power of all classes of stock of a corporation entitled to vote, or ‘‘(B) the total value of all classes of stock of such corporation. ‘‘(3) S
ECTION 318 TO APPLY .—Section 318 shall apply for purposes of paragraphs (1) and (2), except that— ‘‘(A) ‘10 percent’ shall be substituted for ‘50 percent’ in section 318(a)(2)(C), and ‘‘(B) subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of sec-tion 318(a)(3) shall not be applied so as to consider a United States person as owning stock which is owned by a person who is not a United States person. ‘‘(h) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section, including regulations providing for such adjustments to the application of this section as are nec-essary to prevent the avoidance of the pur-poses of this section, including through— ‘‘(1) the use of unrelated persons, conduit transactions, or other intermediaries, or ‘‘(2) transactions or arrangements de-signed, in whole or in part— ‘‘(A) to characterize payments otherwise subject to this section as payments not sub-ject to this section, or ‘‘(B) to substitute payments not subject to this section for payments otherwise subject to this section.’’. (b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS AND PEN-
ALTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 6038A is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of sub-section (a), the information described in this subsection is such information as the Sec-retary prescribes by regulations relating to— ‘‘(A) the name, principal place of business, nature of business, and country or countries in which organized or resident, of each per-son which— ‘‘(i) is a related party to the reporting cor-poration, and ‘‘(ii) had any transaction with the report-ing corporation during its taxable year, ‘‘(B) the manner in which the reporting corporation is related to each person referred to in subparagraph (A), and ‘‘(C) transactions between the reporting corporation and each foreign person which is a related party to the reporting corporation. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING  
BASE EROSION PAYMENTS .—For purposes of subsection (a) and section 6038C, if the re-porting corporation or the foreign corpora-tion to whom section 6038C applies is an ap-plicable taxpayer, the information described in this subsection shall include— ‘‘(A) such information as the Secretary de-termines necessary to determine the base erosion minimum tax amount, base erosion payments, and base erosion tax benefits of the taxpayer for purposes of section 59A for the taxable year, and ‘‘(B) such other information as the Sec-retary determines necessary to carry out such section. For purposes of this paragraph, any term used in this paragraph which is also used in section 59A shall have the same meaning as when used in such section.’’. (2) I
NCREASE IN PENALTY .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 6038A(d) are each amended by striking ‘‘$10,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000’’. (c) D
ISALLOWANCE OF CREDITS AGAINST  B
ASEEROSION TAX.—Paragraph (2) of section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7465 November 29, 2017 
26(b) is amended by inserting after subpara-graph (A) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) section 59A (relating to base erosion and anti-abuse tax),’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The table of parts for subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by adding after the item relating to part VI the following new item: ‘‘Part VII. Base erosion and anti-abuse tax’’. (2) Paragraph (1) of section 882(a), as amended by this Act, is amended by insert-ing ‘‘ or 59A,’’ after ‘‘section 11,’’. (3) Subparagraph (A) of section 6425(c)(1), as amended by sections 12001 and 13001, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) the sum of— ‘‘(i) the tax imposed by section 11, or sub-chapter L of chapter 1, whichever is applica-ble, plus ‘‘(ii) the tax imposed by section 59A, over’’. (4)(A) Subparagraph (A) of section 6655(g)(1), as amended by sections 12001 and 13001, is amended by striking ‘‘plus’’ at the end of clause (i), by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii), and by inserting after clause (i) the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) the tax imposed by section 59A, plus’’. (B) Subparagraphs (A)(i) and (B)(i) of sec-tion 6655(e)(2), as amended by section 13001, are each amended by inserting ‘‘and modified taxable income’’ after ‘‘taxable income’’. (C) Subparagraph (B) of section 6655(e)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) M
ODIFIED TAXABLE INCOME .—The term ‘modified taxable income’ has the meaning given such term by section 59A(c)(1).’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to base ero-sion payments (as defined in section 59A(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by this section) paid or accrued in tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART III—OTHER PROVISIONS 
SEC. 14501. TAXATION OF PASSENGER CRUISE GROSS INCOME OF FOREIGN COR-PORATIONS AND NONRESIDENT ALIEN INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 882 is amended by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g) and by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) T
REATMENT OF PASSENGER CRUISE  G
ROSS INCOME .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this title, the effectively connected passenger cruise gross income of a foreign corporation shall be treated as gross income which is ef-fectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States. ‘‘(2) E
FFECTIVELY CONNECTED PASSENGER  
CRUISE GROSS INCOME .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘effectively connected passenger cruise gross income’ means, with respect to the operation of any ship in a cov-ered voyage, the United States territorial waters percentage of the gross income (de-termined without regard to section 883(a)(1)) derived from such operation, including any amount received with respect to the provi-sion of any on- or off-board activities, serv-ices, or sales, with respect to passengers in-cidental to such operation (or with respect to any agreement with any person with re-spect to the provision of any such activities, services, or sales). ‘‘(3) U
NITED STATES TERRITORIAL WATERS  
PERCENTAGE .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘United States territorial waters percentage’ means, with respect to the operation of any ship in any covered voyage, the ratio (expressed as a per-centage) of— ‘‘(i) the number of days during such voyage such ship was operated in the territorial waters of the United States, divided by ‘‘(ii) the total number of days of such voy-age. ‘‘(B) CALENDAR DAY RULE .—If a ship— ‘‘(i) is operated in a covered voyage, or ‘‘(ii) is operated in the territorial waters of the United States during a covered voyage, for any portion of a calendar day, such ship shall be treated as having operated in a cov-ered voyage, or as having operated in such territorial waters, respectively, for the en-tirety of such day. ‘‘(C) T
ERRITORIAL WATERS .—The territorial waters of the United States shall be treated as consisting of those waters which are— ‘‘(i) within the international boundary line between the United States and any contig-uous foreign country, or ‘‘(ii) within 12 nautical miles from low tide on the coastline of the United States. ‘‘(4) C
OVERED VOYAGE .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘covered voy-age’ has the meaning given such term by sec-tion 4472(1). ‘‘(B) A
NTI-ABUSE RULE .—Except as other-wise provided by the Secretary, if passengers embark a ship in the United States and more than 10 percent of such passengers disembark in the United States, the operation of such ship at all times between such events shall be treated as a covered voyage. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall preclude any operation of a ship (including any operation of a ship before or after such events) which would otherwise be treated as part of a cov-ered voyage from being so treated. ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT OF OTHERWISE EFFECTIVELY  
CONNECTED INCOME .—Gross income which would, without regard to this subsection, be gross income which is effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States— ‘‘(A) shall be so treated, and ‘‘(B) shall not be taken into account as gross income under paragraph (2).’’. (b) A
PPLICATION TO NONRESIDENT ALIEN IN-
DIVIDUALS .—Section 871 is amended by redes-ignating subsection (n) as subsection (o) and by inserting after subsection (m) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(n) T
REATMENT OF PASSENGER CRUISE  G
ROSS INCOME .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this title, the effectively connected passenger cruise gross income of a nonresident alien in-dividual shall be treated as gross income which is effectively connected with the con-duct of a trade or business in the United States. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS .—Terms used in this sub-section which are also used in section 882(f) shall have the same meaning as when used in such section, except that section 882(f)(2) shall be applied by substituting ‘section 872(b)(1)’ for ‘section 883(a)(1)’. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF OTHERWISE EFFEC -
TIVELY CONNECTED INCOME .—Rules similar to the rules of section 882(f)(5) shall apply for purposes of this subsection.’’. (c) C
OORDINATION WITHRECIPROCAL EXEMP -
TIONS FOR SHIPPING INCOME .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 883(a)(1) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘Gross income’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in section 882(f), gross income’’. (2) N
ONRESIDENT ALIEN INDIVIDUALS .—Sec- tion 872(b)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘Gross income’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in section 871(n), gross income’’. (d) C
OORDINATION WITH TAX ON GROSS T
RANSPORTATION INCOME .—Section 887(b)(4) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new flush text: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply to any United States source gross transpor-tation income which is effectively connected passenger cruise gross income (within the meaning of section 871(n) or 882(f)).’’. (e) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14502. RESTRICTION ON INSURANCE BUSI-NESS EXCEPTION TO PASSIVE FOR-EIGN INVESTMENT COMPANY RULES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1297(b)(2)(B) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) derived in the active conduct of an in-surance business by a qualifying insurance corporation (as defined in subsection (f)),’’. (b) Q
UALIFYING INSURANCE CORPORATION  D
EFINED .—Section 1297 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) Q
UALIFYING INSURANCE CORPORATION .— For purposes of subsection (b)(2)(B)— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualifying in-surance corporation’ means, with respect to any taxable year, a foreign corporation— ‘‘(A) which would be subject to tax under subchapter L if such corporation were a do-mestic corporation, and ‘‘(B) the applicable insurance liabilities of which constitute more than 25 percent of its total assets, determined on the basis of such liabilities and assets as reported on the cor-poration’s applicable financial statement for the last year ending with or within the tax-able year. ‘‘(2) A
LTERNATIVE FACTS AND CIR -
CUMSTANCES TEST FOR CERTAIN CORPORA -
TIONS .—If a corporation fails to qualify as a qualified insurance corporation under para-graph (1) solely because the percentage de-termined under paragraph (1)(B) is 25 percent or less, a United States person that owns stock in such corporation may elect to treat such stock as stock of a qualifying insurance corporation if— ‘‘(A) the percentage so determined for the corporation is at least 10 percent, and ‘‘(B) under regulations provided by the Secretary, based on the applicable facts and circumstances— ‘‘(i) the corporation is predominantly en-gaged in an insurance business, and ‘‘(ii) such failure is due solely to runoff-re-lated or rating-related circumstances involv-ing such insurance business. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE INSURANCE LIABILITIES .— For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘applicable in-surance liabilities’ means, with respect to any life or property and casualty insurance business— ‘‘(i) loss and loss adjustment expenses, and ‘‘(ii) reserves (other than deficiency, con-tingency, or unearned premium reserves) for life and health insurance risks and life and health insurance claims with respect to con-tracts providing coverage for mortality or morbidity risks. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF LIABIL -
ITIES .—Any amount determined under clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) shall not ex-ceed the lesser of such amount— ‘‘(i) as reported to the applicable insurance regulatory body in the applicable financial statement described in paragraph (4)(A) (or, if less, the amount required by applicable law or regulation), or ‘‘(ii) as determined under regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) O
THER DEFINITIONS AND RULES .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICABLE FINANCIAL STATEMENT .— The term ‘applicable financial statement’ means a statement for financial reporting purposes which— ‘‘(i) is made on the basis of generally ac-cepted accounting principles, ‘‘(ii) is made on the basis of international financial reporting standards, but only if there is no statement that meets the re-quirement of clause (i), or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7466 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(iii) except as otherwise provided by the Secretary in regulations, is the annual state-ment which is required to be filed with the applicable insurance regulatory body, but only if there is no statement which meets the requirements of clause (i) or (ii). ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABLE INSURANCE REGULATORY  
BODY .—The term ‘applicable insurance regu-latory body’ means, with respect to any in-surance business, the entity established by law to license, authorize, or regulate such business and to which the statement de-scribed in subparagraph (A) is provided.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14503. REPEAL OF FAIR MARKET VALUE METHOD OF INTEREST EXPENSE AP-PORTIONMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 864(e) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) G
ROSS INCOME AND FAIR MARKET VALUE  
METHODS MAY NOT BE USED FOR INTEREST .— All allocations and apportionments of inter-est expense shall be determined using the ad-justed bases of assets rather than on the basis of the fair market value of the assets or gross income.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14504. MODIFICATION TO SOURCE RULES IN-VOLVING POSSESSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b)(2) of Sec-tion 937 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘, but only to the extent such income is attributable to an of-fice or fixed place of business within the United States (determined under the rules of Section 864(c)(5))’’ before the period at the end. (b) S
OURCE RULES FOR PERSONAL PROPERTY  S
ALES .—Subsection (j)(3) of section 865 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘932,’’ after ‘‘931,’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 14505. REPEAL OF EXCLUSION APPLICABLE TO CERTAIN PASSENGER AIRCRAFT OPERATED BY A FOREIGN CORPORA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 883 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Gross income’’ in sub-section (a)(2) and inserting ‘‘Except as pro-vided in subsection (d), gross income’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) E
XCEPTION FOR AIRCRAFT OPERATED BY  F
OREIGN CORPORATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a)(2) shall not apply to any corporation operating a passenger airline if— ‘‘(A) the corporation is organized in a for-eign country the residents of which are not eligible for a reduced rate of tax or an ex-emption from tax under section 881 or 882, and ‘‘(B) such foreign country has fewer than 2 arrivals and departures, per week, from pas-senger airline carriers which— ‘‘(i) are organized under the laws of the United States or any State, and ‘‘(ii) have annual gross operational reve-nues of more than $1,000,000,000. For purposes of subparagraph (B), an aircraft that lands in one country and subsequently departs from that country shall be treated as having engaged in 1 arrival and departure. ‘‘(2) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any calendar year beginning after 2018, the dollar amount in subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subpara-graph (A)(ii) thereof. Any increase determined under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1,000,000.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. Subtitle E—Revenue Dependent Proposals 
SEC. 15001. REPEAL OF INCREASED LIMITATION ON NET OPERATING LOSSES. 
Section 172(a)(2), as amended by section 13302, is amended by striking ‘‘(80 percent, in the case of taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2022)’’. 
SEC. 15002. REPEAL OF LIMITATION ON DEDUC-TION FOR MEALS PROVIDED AT THE CONVENIENCE OF THE EMPLOYER. 
Section 274, as amended by section 13304, is amended by striking subsection (o) and re-designating subsection (p) as subsection (o). 
SEC. 15003. REPEAL OF REDUCED DEDUCTION FOR GLOBAL INTANGIBLE LOW- TAXED INCOME AND FOREIGN-DE-RIVED INTANGIBLE INCOME. 
Section 250(a), as added by section 14202, is amended by striking paragraph (3). 
SEC. 15004. REPEAL OF MODIFICATIONS TO THE BASE EROSION AND ANTI-ABUSE TAX. 
Section 59A(b), as added by section 14401, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) B
ASE EROSION MINIMUM TAX A
MOUNT .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘base erosion minimum tax amount’ means, with respect to any applicable tax-payer for any taxable year, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(1) an amount equal to 10 percent of the modified taxable income of such taxpayer for the taxable year, over ‘‘(2) an amount equal to the regular tax li-ability (as defined in section 26(b)) of the taxpayer for the taxable year, reduced (but not below zero) by the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the credits allowed under this chapter against such regular tax liability, over ‘‘(B) the credit allowed under section 38 for the taxable year which is properly allocable to the research credit determined under sec-tion 41(a).’’. 
SEC. 15005. REPEAL OF AMORTIZATION OF RE-SEARCH AND EXPERIMENTAL EX-PENDITURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 174, as amended by section 13206, is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 174. RESEARCH AND EXPERIMENTAL EX-PENDITURES. 
‘‘(a) T REATMENT AS EXPENSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A taxpayer may treat re-search or experimental expenditures which are paid or incurred by him during the tax-able year in connection with his trade or business as expenses which are not charge-able to capital account. The expenditures so treated shall be allowed as a deduction. ‘‘(2) W
HEN METHOD MAY BE ADOPTED .— ‘‘(A) W
ITHOUT CONSENT .—A taxpayer may, without the consent of the Secretary, adopt the method provided in this subsection for his first taxable year for which expenditures described in paragraph (1) are paid or in-curred. ‘‘(B) W
ITH CONSENT .—A taxpayer may, with the consent of the Secretary, adopt at any time the method provided in this subsection. ‘‘(3) S
COPE.—The method adopted under this subsection shall apply to all expendi-tures described in paragraph (1). The method adopted shall be adhered to in computing taxable income for the taxable year and for all subsequent taxable years unless, with the approval of the Secretary, a change to a dif-ferent method is authorized with respect to part or all of such expenditures. ‘‘(b) A
MORTIZATION OF CERTAIN RESEARCH  
ANDEXPERIMENTAL EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—At the election of the taxpayer, made in accordance with regula-tions prescribed by the Secretary, research or experimental expenditures which are— ‘‘(A) paid or incurred by the taxpayer in connection with his trade or business, ‘‘(B) not treated as expenses under sub-section (a), and ‘‘(C) chargeable to capital account but not chargeable to property of a character which is subject to the allowance under section 167 (relating to allowance for depreciation, etc.) or section 611 (relating to allowance for de-pletion), may be treated as deferred expenses. In com-puting taxable income, such deferred ex-penses shall be allowed as a deduction rat-ably over such period of not less than 60 months as may be selected by the taxpayer (beginning with the month in which the tax-payer first realizes benefits from such ex-penditures). Such deferred expenses are ex-penditures properly chargeable to capital ac-count for purposes of section 1016(a)(1) (relat-ing to adjustments to basis of property). ‘‘(2) TIME FOR AND SCOPE OF ELECTION .—The election provided by paragraph (1) may be made for any taxable year, but only if made not later than the time prescribed by law for filing the return for such taxable year (in-cluding extensions thereof). The method so elected, and the period selected by the tax-payer, shall be adhered to in computing tax-able income for the taxable year for which the election is made and for all subsequent taxable years unless, with the approval of the Secretary, a change to a different meth-od (or to a different period) is authorized with respect to part or all of such expendi-tures. The election shall not apply to any ex-penditure paid or incurred during any tax-able year before the taxable year for which the taxpayer makes the election. ‘‘(c) L
AND AND OTHER PROPERTY .—This sec- tion shall not apply to any expenditure for the acquisition or improvement of land, or for the acquisition or improvement of prop-erty to be used in connection with the re-search or experimentation and of a character which is subject to the allowance under sec-tion 167 (relating to allowance for deprecia-tion, etc.) or section 611 (relating to allow-ance for depletion); but for purposes of this section allowances under section 167, and al-lowances under section 611, shall be consid-ered as expenditures. ‘‘(d) E
XPLORATION EXPENDITURES .—This section shall not apply to any expenditure paid or incurred for the purpose of ascertaining the existence, location, extent, or quality of any deposit of ore or other min-eral (including oil and gas). ‘‘(e) O
NLYREASONABLE RESEARCH EXPENDI -
TURES ELIGIBLE .—This section shall apply to a research or experimental expenditure only to the extent that the amount thereof is rea-sonable under the circumstances. ‘‘(f) C
ROSS REFERENCES .— ‘‘(1) For adjustments to basis of property for amounts allowed as deductions as de-ferred expenses under subsection (b), see sec-tion 1016(a)(14). ‘‘(2) For election of 10-year amortization of expenditures allowable as a deduction under subsection (a), see section 59(e).’’. (b) C
HANGE IN METHOD OF ACCOUNTING .— The amendments made by subsection (a) shall be treated as a change in method of ac-counting for purposes of section 481 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and— (1) such change shall be treated as initi-ated by the taxpayer, (2) such change shall be treated as made with the consent of the Secretary, and (3) such change shall be applied only on a cut-off basis for any research or experi-mental expenditures paid or incurred in tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2025, and no adjustments under section 481(a) shall be made. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7467 November 29, 2017 
(c) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 41(d)(1)(A), as amended by sec-tion 13206, is amended by striking ‘‘specified research or experimental expenditures under section 174’’ and inserting ‘‘expenses under section 174’’. (2) Subsection (c) of section 280C, as amended by section 13206, is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively, and (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No deduction shall be al-lowed for that portion of the qualified re-search expenses (as defined in section 41(b)) or basic research expenses (as defined in sec-tion 41(e)(2)) otherwise allowable as a deduc-tion for the taxable year which is equal to the amount of the credit determined for such taxable year under section 41(a). ‘‘(2) S
IMILAR RULE WHERE TAXPAYER CAP -
ITALIZES RATHER THAN DEDUCTS EXPENSES .— If— ‘‘(A) the amount of the credit determined for the taxable year under section 41(a)(1), exceeds ‘‘(B) the amount allowable as a deduction for such taxable year for qualified research expenses or basic research expenses (deter-mined without regard to paragraph (1)), the amount chargeable to capital account for the taxable year for such expenses shall be reduced by the amount of such excess.’’, and (C) in paragraph (3)(A)(i), as redesignated by subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2)’’. (3) The table of sections for part VI of sub-chapter B of chapter 1, as amended by sec-tion 13206, is amended by striking the item related to section 174 and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 174. Research and experimental ex-penditures.’’. 
SEC. 15006. REPORTING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart B of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61, as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6050Z. TRANSACTION AFFECTING REVENUE DEPENDENT PROPOSALS. 
‘‘(a) R ESEARCH AND EXPERIMENTAL EXPEND -
ITURES .—Any taxpayer who makes research and experimental expenditures (within the meaning of section 174) during a taxable year shall make a return according to the forms and regulations prescribed by the Secretary, setting forth the aggregate amount of such expenditures. ‘‘(b) F
OREIGN RELATED PARTY PAYMENTS .— Any taxpayer who makes a payment to a for-eign person which is a related party (as such terms are defined in section 59A) of the tax-payer during the taxable year shall make a return according to the forms and regula-tions prescribed by the Secretary, setting forth— ‘‘(1) the amount of such payments by type and separately stated, and ‘‘(2) any amount paid which results in a re-duction of gross receipts to the taxpayer. ‘‘(c) F
OREIGN -DERIVED INTANGIBLE IN-
COME .—Any taxpayer who has foreign-de-rived intangible income (as defined in sec-tion 250(b)) for a taxable year shall make a return according to the forms and regula-tions prescribed by the Secretary, setting forth— ‘‘(1) the aggregate amount of such income, ‘‘(2) the amount of foreign-derived deduc-tion eligible income (as defined in section 250(b)(4)), and ‘‘(3) a certification that any income de-scribed in paragraph (2) does not relate to the sale of products for any use, consump-tion, or disposition within the United States.’’. (b) PENALTY .—Section 6652, as amended by section 13603, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(q) F
AILURE TO FILEWITHRESPECT TO  T
RANSACTIONS AFFECTING REVENUE DEPEND -
ENTPROPOSALS .—In the case of any failure to make a return required under section 6050Z containing the information required by such section on the date prescribed therefor (determined with regard to any extension of time for filing), unless it is shown that such failure is due to reasonable cause, there shall be paid (on notice and demand by the Sec-retary and in the same manner as tax) by the person failing to file such return, an amount equal to $1,000 for each day during which such failure continues, but the total amount imposed under this subsection with respect to any return shall not exceed $250,000.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2024. 
SEC. 15007. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The amendments made by this subtitle shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2025. (b) R
EVENUE REQUIREMENT .—Notwith- standing subsection (a), the amendments made by this subtitle shall not take effect unless— (1) the excess of— (A) the cumulative aggregate on-budget Federal revenue from all sources for the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on September 30, 2026, (as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury based on amounts reported in the Financial Report of the United States), over (B) $27,487,000,000,000, is greater than or equal to (2) $900,000,000,000. TITLE II 
SEC. 20001. OIL AND GAS PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OASTAL PLAIN .—The term ‘‘Coastal Plain’’ means the area identified as the 1002 Area on the plates prepared by the United States Geological Survey entitled ‘‘ANWR Map – Plate 1’’ and ‘‘ANWR Map – Plate 2’’, dated October 24, 2017, and on file with the United States Geological Survey and the Of-fice of the Solicitor of the Department of the Interior. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Bureau of Land Management. (b) O
IL AND GASPROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1003 of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3143) is repealed. (2) E
STABLISHMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish and administer a competitive oil and gas program for the leasing, development, production, and transportation of oil and gas in and from the Coastal Plain. (B) P
URPOSES .—Section 303(2)(B) of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conserva-tion Act (Public Law 96–487; 94 Stat. 2390) is amended— (i) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) to provide for an oil and gas program on the Coastal Plain.’’. (3) M
ANAGEMENT .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this section, the Secretary shall manage the oil and gas program on the Coastal Plain in accordance with the Naval Petroleum Reserves Production Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) (including regula-tions). (4) R
OYALTIES .—Notwithstanding the Min-eral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), the royalty rate for leases issued pursuant to this section shall be 16.67 percent. (5) RECEIPTS .—Notwithstanding the Min-eral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), of the amount of adjusted bonus, rental, and roy-alty receipts derived from the oil and gas program and operations on Federal land au-thorized under this section— (A) 50 percent shall be paid to the State of Alaska; and (B) the balance shall be deposited into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. (c) 2 L
EASE SALES WITHIN 10 Y EARS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall conduct not fewer than 2 lease sales area-wide under the oil and gas program under this section by not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (B) S
ALE ACREAGES ; SCHEDULE .— (i) A
CREAGES .—The Secretary shall offer for lease under the oil and gas program under this section— (I) not fewer than 400,000 acres area-wide in each lease sale; and (II) those areas that have the highest po-tential for the discovery of hydrocarbons. (ii) S
CHEDULE .—The Secretary shall offer— (I) the initial lease sale under the oil and gas program under this section not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act; and (II) a second lease sale under the oil and gas program under this section not later than 7 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) R
IGHTS -OF-WAY.—The Secretary shall issue any rights-of-way or easements across the Coastal Plain for the exploration, devel-opment, production, or transportation nec-essary to carry out this section. (3) S
URFACE DEVELOPMENT .—In admin-istering this section, the Secretary shall au-thorize up to 2,000 surface acres of Federal land on the Coastal Plain to be covered by production and support facilities (including airstrips and any area covered by gravel berms or piers for support of pipelines) dur-ing the term of the leases under the oil and gas program under this section. 
SEC. 20002. LIMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF DIS-TRIBUTED QUALIFIED OUTER CON-TINENTAL SHELF REVENUES. 
Section 105(f)(1) of the Gulf of Mexico En-ergy Security Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 1331 note; Public Law 109–432) is amended by striking ‘‘exceed $500,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2055.’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘exceed— ‘‘(A) $500,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019; ‘‘(B) $650,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021; and ‘‘(C) $500,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2022 through 2055.’’. 
SEC. 20003. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE DRAWDOWN AND SALE. 
(a) D RAWDOWN AND SALE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary of En-ergy shall draw down and sell from the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve 5,000,000 barrels of crude oil during the period of fiscal years 2026 through 2027. (2) D
EPOSIT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED FROM  
SALE .—Amounts received from a sale under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the gen-eral fund of the Treasury during the fiscal year in which the sale occurs. (b) E
MERGENCY PROTECTION .—The Sec-retary of Energy shall not draw down and sell crude oil under subsection (a) in a quan-tity that would limit the authority to sell petroleum products under subsection (h) of section 161 of the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241) in the full quantity authorized by that subsection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7468 November 29, 2017 
(c) L IMITATION .—The Secretary of Energy shall not drawdown or conduct sales of crude oil under subsection (a) after the date on which a total of $325,000,000 has been depos-ited in the general fund of the Treasury from sales authorized under that subsection. 
SA 1619. Mr. DAINES (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part IV of subtitle A of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 11033. DISTRIBUTIONS FROM 529S FOR REG-ISTERED APPRENTICESHIP PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 529(e)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) C
ERTAIN EXPENSES ASSOCIATED WITH  
REGISTERED APPRENTICESHIP PROGRAMS .—The term ‘qualified higher education expenses’ shall include books, supplies, and equipment required for the enrollment or attendance of a designated beneficiary in an apprenticeship program registered and certified with the Secretary of Labor under section 1 of the Na-tional Apprenticeship Act (29 U.S.C. 50).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to contribu-tions made and distributions paid after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SA 1620. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 186, line 6, insert ‘‘provided such trade or business includes the provision of electrical energy,’’ after ‘‘pipeline,’’. 
SA 1621. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lllll. OPTION FOR STATE REGULATION OF HYDRAULIC FRACTURING. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section, the term ‘‘Federal land’’ means— (1) public lands (as defined in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702)); and (2) land under the jurisdiction of the Bu-reau of Reclamation. (b) O
PTION OF STATE REGULATION .—On pay- ment to the Secretary of the Interior of a fee of $1,000 per well, the operator of a well on any Federal land within the boundaries of the State may opt into the State regulatory scheme under which the State shall have the sole authority to promulgate or enforce any regulation, guidance, or permit requirement relating to the treatment of the well by the application of fluids under pressure to which propping agents may or may not be added for the expressly designed purpose of initiating or propagating fractures in a target geologic formation in order to enhance production of oil, natural gas, or geothermal production activities. SA 1622. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. K
ENNEDY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 1llll. FLOOR PLAN FINANCING. 
(a) A PPLICATION OF INTEREST LIMITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 163(j), as amended by section 13301, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘plus’’ at the end of subparagraph (A), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (B) and in-serting ‘‘, plus’’, and by inserting after sub-paragraph (B) the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(C) the floor plan financing interest of such taxpayer for such taxable year.’’, and (B) in paragraph (4)(C)(i)(II), by inserting ‘‘, reduced by the floor plan financing inter-est,’’ after ‘‘business interest of the partner-ship’’, and (C) by redesignating paragraph (9) as para-graph (10) and inserting after paragraph (8) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) F
LOOR PLAN FINANCING INTEREST DE -
FINED .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘floor plan fi-nancing interest’ means interest paid or ac-crued on floor plan financing indebtedness. ‘‘(B) F
LOOR PLAN FINANCING INDEBTED -
NESS.—The term ‘floor plan financing indebt-edness’ means indebtedness— ‘‘(i) used to finance the acquisition of motor vehicles held for sale or lease, and ‘‘(ii) secured by the inventory so acquired. ‘‘(C) M
OTOR VEHICLE .—The term ‘motor ve-hicle’ means a motor vehicle that is any of the following: ‘‘(i) An automobile. ‘‘(ii) A truck. ‘‘(iii) A recreational vehicle. ‘‘(iv) A motorcycle. ‘‘(v) Any self-propelled vehicle designed for transporting persons or property on a public street, highway, or road. ‘‘(vi) A boat. ‘‘(vii) Farm machinery or equipment.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. (b) E
XCEPTION FROM 100 P ERCENT EXPENS -
ING.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (6) of section 168(k), as added by section 13201(a)(4), is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘shall not include any property’’ and inserting ‘‘shall not include— ‘‘(A) any property’’, and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) any property used in a trade or busi-ness that has had floor plan financing in-debtedness (as defined in paragraph (9) of section 163(j)), if the floor plan financing in-terest related to such indebtedness was taken into account under paragraph (1)(C) of such section.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to prop-erty placed in service after September 27, 2017, in taxable years ending after such date. SA 1623. Mr. PAUL (for himself and Mr. W
ICKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and in-tended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the following: PART IV—REPEAL OF FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
SEC. 14601. REPEAL OF WITHHOLDING AND RE-PORTING WITH RESPECT TO CER-TAIN FOREIGN ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 4 is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS FOR RULES  
FOR ELECTRONICALLY FILED RETURNS .—Sec- tion 6011(e)(4) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, as in effect on January 1, 2017’’ after ‘‘(as defined in section 1471(d)(5)’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘or 1474(a)’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT RELATED TO  S
UBSTITUTE DIVIDENDS .—Section 871(m) is amended by striking ‘‘chapters 3 and 4’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘chapter 3’’. (d) O
THER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 6414 s amended by striking ‘‘or 4’’. (2) Paragraph (1) of section 6501(b) is amended by striking ‘‘4,’’. (3) Paragraph (2) of section 6501(b) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘4,’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘
AND WITHOLDING TAXES ’’ in the heading and inserting ‘‘
TAXES AND TAX  
IMPOSED BY CHAPTER 3 ’’. (4) Paragraph (3) of section 6513(b) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘or 4’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘or 1474(b)’’. (5) Section 6513(c) is amended by striking ‘‘4,’’. (6) Section 6611(e)(4) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or 4’’. (7) Paragraph (1) of section 6724(d) is amended by striking ‘‘under chapter 4 or’’. (8) Paragraph (2) of section 6724(d) is amended by striking ‘‘or 4’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to payments made after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 14602. REPEAL OF INFORMATION REPORT-ING WITH RESPECT TO FOREIGN FI-NANCIAL ASSETS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart A of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 is amended by striking section 6038D. (b) R
EPEAL OF MODIFICATION OF STATUTE OF  L
IMITATIONS FOR SIGNIFICANT OMISSION OF IN-
COME IN CONNECTION WITHFOREIGN ASSETS .— (1) Paragraph (1) of section 6501(e) is amended by striking subparagraph (A) and by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively. (2) Subparagraph (A) of section 6501(e), as redesignated by paragraph (1), is amended by striking all that precedes clause (i) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) G
ENERAL RULE .—If the taxpayer omits from gross income an amount properly in-cluded therein which is in excess of 25 per-cent of the amount of gross income stated in the return, the tax may be assessed, or a pro-ceeding in court for the collection of such tax may be begun without assessment, at any time within 6 years after the return was filed. For purposes of this subparagraph—’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.028 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7469 November 29, 2017 
(3) Paragraph (2) of section 6229(c) is amended by striking ‘‘and such amount is described in clause (i) or (ii) of section 6501(e)(1)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘which is in ex-cess of 25 percent of the amount of gross in-come stated in its return’’. (4) Paragraph (8) of section 6501(c) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘pursuant to an election under section 1295(b) or’’, (B) by striking ‘‘1298(f)’’, and (C) by striking ‘‘6038D,’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subpart A of part III of sub-chapter A of chapter 61 is amended by strik-ing the item related to section 6038D. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) R
ETURNS .—The amendments made by subsection (b) shall apply to returns filed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 14603. REPEAL OF PENALTIES FOR UNDER-PAYMENTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO UN-DISCLOSED FOREIGN FINANCIAL AS-SETS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6662 is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph (7) and redesignating paragraph (8) as para-graph (7), and (2) by striking subsection (j) and redesig-nating subsection (k) as subsection (j). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 14604. REPEAL OF REPORTING OF ACTIVI-TIES WITH RESPECT TO PASSIVE FOREIGN INVESTMENT COMPANIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1298 is amended by striking subsection (f) and by redesig-nating subsection (g) as subsection (f). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1291(e) is amended by striking ‘‘and (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘, (d), and (f)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 14605. REPEAL OF REPORTING REQUIRE-MENT FOR UNITED STATES OWNERS OF FOREIGN TRUSTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 6048(b) is amended by striking ‘‘shall submit such information as the Secretary may pre-scribe with respect to such trust for such year and’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 14606. REPEAL OF MINIMUM PENALTY WITH RESPECT TO FAILURE TO REPORT ON CERTAIN FOREIGN TRUSTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6677(a) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘the greater of $10,000 or’’, and (2) by striking the last sentence and insert-ing the following: ‘‘In no event shall the pen-alty under this subsection with respect to any failure exceed the gross reportable amount.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to notices and returns required to be filed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1624. Mr. HOEVEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the end of subpart A of part V of sub-title C of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 13405. EXTENSION OF REFINED COAL PRO-DUCTION TAX CREDIT. 
(a) E XTENSION OF PERIOD DURING WHICH RE-
FINED COAL CANBEPRODUCED .—Section 45(e)(8) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) E
XTENSION OF CREDIT PERIOD FOR CER -
TAIN REFINED COAL FACILITIES .—In the case of a refined coal production facility which does not produce steel industry fuel and which is placed in service before January 1, 2012, clauses (i) and (ii)(II) of subparagraph (A) shall each be applied by substituting ‘20-year period’ for ‘10-year period’.’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF PERIOD DURING WHICH RE-
FINED COALFACILITIES CANBEQUALIFIED .— Subparagraph (B) of section 45(d)(8) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘placed in service after’’ and inserting ‘‘placed in service— ‘‘(i) after’’, (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘, or’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2021.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to coal pro-duced and sold after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, in taxable years ending after date. 
SA 1625. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. D
AINES , and Mr. W ICKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 submitted by Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. SECURE GEOLOGICAL STORAGE OF CARBON DIOXIDE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 45Q(d) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) S
ECURE GEOLOGICAL STORAGE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than Decem-ber 31, 2018, the Secretary shall establish reg-ulations for determining adequate security measures for the geological storage of car-bon dioxide under paragraph (1)(B) or (2)(C) of subsection (a) such that the carbon diox-ide does not escape into the atmosphere. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The regulations es-tablished pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall provide that— ‘‘(i) for purposes of paragraph (1)(B) of sub-section (a), carbon dioxide shall be consid-ered disposed of in secure geological storage if such carbon dioxide is stored in compli-ance with rules promulgated by the Environ-mental Protection Agency under subpart RR of part 98 of title 40, Code of Federal Regula-tions (as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this paragraph), under the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) and rules under the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.) which are applicable to carbon diox-ide disposed of in secure geological storage and not used as a tertiary injectant in a qualified enhanced oil or natural gas recov-ery project, and ‘‘(ii) for purposes of paragraph (2)(C) of sub-section (a), carbon dioxide shall be consid-ered disposed of in secure geological storage if such carbon dioxide is stored in compli-ance with rules promulgated by the Environ-mental Protection Agency which are appli-cable to carbon dioxide used as a tertiary injectant in a qualified enhanced oil or nat-ural gas recovery project under— ‘‘(I) subpart UU of part 98 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of the enactment of this paragraph), under the Clean Air Act, and ‘‘(II) subpart C of part 146 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of the enactment of this paragraph), under the Safe Drinking Water Act, to the extent such rules are applicable to Class II wells.’’. (b) QUALIFIED ENHANCED OIL OR NATURAL  G
ASRECOVERY PROJECT .—Paragraph (4) of section 45Q(d) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘by substituting’’ and in-serting ‘‘determined— ‘‘(A) by substituting—’’, (2) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and (3) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(B) without regard to subparagraph (A)(iii) thereof.’’. 
SA 1626. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 submitted by Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PERMANENT EXTENSION OF INDIAN COAL PRODUCTION TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45(e)(10)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘per ton of Indian coal—’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘per ton of Indian coal— ‘‘(i) produced by the taxpayer at an Indian coal production facility, and ‘‘(ii) sold (either directly by the taxpayer or after sale or transfer to one or more re-lated persons) to an unrelated person.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to coal pro-duced and sold after January 1, 2017. 
SA 1627. Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. I
NHOFE , and Mr. R OBERTS ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 sub-mitted by Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
In section 11011, after subsection (a), insert the following: (b) A
PPLICATION TO PUBLICLY TRADED  P
ARTNERSHIPS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 199A(b)(1)(B), as added by subsection (a), is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and qualified cooperative dividends’’ and inserting ‘‘, qualified cooperative divi-dends, and qualified publicly traded partner-ship income’’. (2) Q
UALIFIED PUBLICLY TRADED PARTNER -
SHIP INCOME .—Section 199A(e), as added by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) Q
UALIFIED PUBLICLY TRADED PARTNER -
SHIP INCOME .—The term ‘qualified publicly traded partnership income’ means, with re-spect to any taxpayer, the sum of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.029 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7470 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(A) the net amount of such taxpayer’s al-locable share of each qualified item of in-come, gain, deduction, and loss (as defined in subsection (c)(3) and determined after the application of subsection (c)(4)) from a pub-licly traded partnership (as defined in sec-tion 7704(a)) which is not treated as a cor-poration under section 7704(c), plus ‘‘(B) any gain recognized by such taxpayer upon disposition of its interest in such part-nership to the extent such gain is treated as an amount realized from the sale or ex-change of property other than a capital asset under section 751(a).’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 199A(c)(1), as added by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Such term shall not include any qualified publicly traded partnership in-come.’’. 
SA 1628. Mr. CORNYN (for himself and Mr. C
ASSIDY ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 submitted by Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subpart C of part I of subtitle D, insert the following: 
SEC. 14305. EXTENSION OF CARRYOVER PERIOD FOR FOREIGN TAXES PAID IN QUALI-FIED TAXABLE YEARS WITH OVER-ALL DOMESTIC LOSS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 904(c) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘Any amount’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any amount’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) E
XTENSION OF CARRYOVER PERIOD FOR  
FOREIGN TAXES PAID IN QUALIFIED TAXABLE  
YEARS WITH OVERALL DOMESTIC LOSS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a taxpayer had an overall domestic loss for any qualified tax-able year beginning after December 31, 2006, and before January 1, 2018, then, notwith-standing the 10-year carryover period under paragraph (1), the taxpayer may carryover any related excess foreign taxes with respect to such qualified taxable year to any suc-ceeding taxable year beginning after such pe-riod and before January 1, 2028, to the extent such taxes were not deemed paid or accrued under this subsection in a prior taxable year. ‘‘(B) R
ELATED EXCESS FOREIGN TAXES .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘related excess foreign taxes’ means, with respect to any qualified taxable year described in para-graph (1), an amount equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(i) the sum of the foreign taxes paid or ac-crued to foreign countries or possessions of the United States with respect to such tax-able year, plus the amount of any such for-eign taxes carried to such year under para-graph (1), or ‘‘(ii) the product of— ‘‘(I) the taxpayer’s overall domestic loss with respect to such taxable year, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the proportion determined under sub-section (a) for such taxable year. For purposes of this subparagraph, foreign oil and gas taxes (as defined in section 907(b)(2)) shall be taken into account for a qualified taxable year to the extent that the overall domestic loss for such taxable year offset combined foreign oil and gas income (as defined in section 907(b)(1)). ‘‘(C) D
EFINITIONS .—Any term used in this paragraph which is also used in subsection (g) shall have the same meaning as when used in such subsection.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to carryovers from taxable years beginning be-fore January 1, 2018, to taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1629. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 submitted by Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part VIII of subtitle C of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 13709. NONPROFIT COMMUNITY DEVELOP-MENT ACTIVITIES IN REMOTE NA-TIVE VILLAGES. — 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of sub-chapter F of chapter 1 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, any activity substantially related to participation and investment in fisheries in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Is-lands Management Area (as defined in sec-tion 205 of the American Fisheries Act (16 U.S.C. 1851 note)) carried on by an entity identified in section 305(i)(1)(D) of the Mag-nuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1855(i)(1)(D)) (as in effect on the date of enactment of this section) shall be considered substantially re-lated to the exercise or performance of the purpose constituting the basis of such enti-ty’s exemption under section 501(a) of such Code if the conduct of such activity is in fur-therance of 1 or more of the purposes speci-fied in section 305(i)(1)(A) of such Act. For purposes of this paragraph, activities sub-stantially related to participation or invest-ment in fisheries include the harvesting, processing, transportation, sales, and mar-keting of fish and fish products of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area. (b) A
PPLICATION TO CERTAIN WHOLLY OWNED  S
UBSIDIARIES .—If the assets of a trade or business relating to an activity described in subsection (a) of any subsidiary wholly owned by an entity identified in section 305(i)(1)(D) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1855(i)(1)(D)) are transferred to such entity (including in liquidation of such subsidiary) not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act— (1) no gain or income resulting from such transfer shall be recognized to either such subsidiary or such entity under such Code, and (2) all income derived from such subsidiary from such transferred trade or business shall be exempt from taxation under such Code. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall be effective during the existence of the western Alaska community development quota pro-gram established by Section 305(i)(1) of the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1855(i)(1)), as amended. 
SA 1630. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 submitted by Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 13821 and insert the fol-lowing: SEC. 13821. MODIFICATION OF TAX TREATMENT OF ALASKA NATIVE CORPORATIONS AND SETTLEMENT TRUSTS. 
(a) E XCLUSION FOR ANCSA P AYMENTS AS-
SIGNED TO ALASKA NATIVE SETTLEMENT  T
RUSTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before sec-tion 140 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 139G. ASSIGNMENTS TO ALASKA NATIVE SETTLEMENT TRUSTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a Native Corporation, gross income shall not include the value of any payments that would other-wise be made, or treated as being made, to such Native Corporation pursuant to, or as required by, any provision of the Alaska Na-tive Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), including any payment that would oth-erwise be made to a Village Corporation pur-suant to section 7(j) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1606(j)), provided that any such payments— ‘‘(1) are assigned in writing to a Settle-ment Trust, and ‘‘(2) were not received by such Native Cor-poration prior to the assignment described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) I
NCLUSION IN GROSS INCOME .—In the case of a Settlement Trust which has been assigned payments described in subsection (a), gross income shall include such pay-ments when received by such Settlement Trust pursuant to the assignment and shall have the same character as if such payments were received by the Native Corporation. ‘‘(c) A
MOUNT AND SCOPE OF ASSIGNMENT .— The amount and scope of any assignment under subsection (a) shall be described with reasonable particularity and may either be in a percentage of one or more such pay-ments or in a fixed dollar amount. ‘‘(d) D
URATION OF ASSIGNMENT ; R
EVOCABILITY .—Any assignment under sub-section (a) shall specify— ‘‘(1) a duration either in perpetuity or for a period of time, and ‘‘(2) whether such assignment is revocable. ‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION ON DEDUCTION .—Notwith- standing section 247, no deduction shall be allowed to a Native Corporation for purposes of any amounts described in subsection (a). ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the terms ‘Native Corporation’ and ‘Settlement Trust’ have the same meaning given such terms under section 646(h).’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part III of subchapter B of chap-ter 1 is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 140 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 139G. Assignments to Alaska Native Settlement Trusts.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2016. (b) D
EDUCTION OF CONTRIBUTIONS TO ALAS-
KANATIVE SETTLEMENT TRUSTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before section 248 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 247. CONTRIBUTIONS TO ALASKA NATIVE SETTLEMENT TRUSTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a Native Corporation, there shall be allowed a deduc-tion for any contributions made by such Na-tive Corporation to a Settlement Trust (re-gardless of whether an election under section 646 is in effect for such Settlement Trust) for which the Native Corporation has made an annual election under subsection (e). ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT OF DEDUCTION .—The amount of the deduction under subsection (a) shall be equal to— ‘‘(1) in the case of a cash contribution (re-gardless of the method of payment, including currency, coins, money order, or check), the amount of such contribution, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.033 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7471 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(2) in the case of a contribution not de-scribed in paragraph (1), the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the Native Corporation’s adjusted basis in the property contributed, or ‘‘(B) the fair market value of the property contributed. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION AND CARRYOVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the deduction allowed under subsection (a) for any taxable year shall not exceed the taxable income (as determined without re-gard to such deduction) of the Native Cor-poration for the taxable year in which the contribution was made. ‘‘(2) C
ARRYOVER .—If the aggregate amount of contributions described in subsection (a) for any taxable year exceeds the limitation under paragraph (1), such excess shall be treated as a contribution described in sub-section (a) in each of the 15 succeeding years in order of time. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the terms ‘Native Corporation’ and ‘Settlement Trust’ have the same meaning given such terms under section 646(h). ‘‘(e) M
ANNER OF MAKING ELECTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each taxable year, a Native Corporation may elect to have this section apply for such taxable year on the in-come tax return or an amendment or supple-ment to the return of the Native Corpora-tion, with such election to have effect solely for such taxable year. ‘‘(2) R
EVOCATION .—Any election made by a Native Corporation pursuant to this sub-section may be revoked pursuant to a timely filed amendment or supplement to the in-come tax return of such Native Corporation. ‘‘(f) A
DDITIONAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) E
ARNINGS AND PROFITS .—Notwith- standing section 646(d)(2), in the case of a Native Corporation which claims a deduction under this section for any taxable year, the earnings and profits of such Native Corpora-tion for such taxable year shall be reduced by the amount of such deduction. ‘‘(2) G
AIN OR LOSS .—No gain or loss shall be recognized by the Native Corporation with respect to a contribution of property for which a deduction is allowed under this sec-tion. ‘‘(3) I
NCOME .—Subject to subsection (g), a Settlement Trust shall include in income the amount of any deduction allowed under this section in the taxable year in which the Set-tlement Trust actually receives such con-tribution. ‘‘(4) P
ERIOD .—The holding period under sec-tion 1223 of the Settlement Trust shall in-clude the period the property was held by the Native Corporation. ‘‘(5) B
ASIS.—The basis that a Settlement Trust has for which a deduction is allowed under this section shall be equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the adjusted basis of the Native Cor-poration in such property immediately be-fore such contribution, or ‘‘(B) the fair market value of the property immediately before such contribution. ‘‘(6) P
ROHIBITION .—No deduction shall be allowed under this section with respect to any contributions made to a Settlement Trust which are in violation of subsection (a)(2) or (c)(2) of section 39 of the Alaska Na-tive Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1629e). ‘‘(g) E
LECTION BY SETTLEMENT TRUST TO D
EFER INCOME RECOGNITION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a contribu-tion which consists of property other than cash, a Settlement Trust may elect to defer recognition of any income related to such property until the sale or exchange of such property, in whole or in part, by the Settle-ment Trust. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT .—In the case of property described in paragraph (1), any income or gain realized on the sale or exchange of such property shall be treated as— ‘‘(A) for such amount of the income or gain as is equal to or less than the amount of in-come which would be included in income at the time of contribution under subsection (f)(3) but for the taxpayer’s election under this subsection, ordinary income, and ‘‘(B) for any amounts of the income or gain which are in excess of the amount of income which would be included in income at the time of contribution under subsection (f)(3) but for the taxpayer’s election under this subsection, having the same character as if this subsection did not apply. ‘‘(3) ELECTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For each taxable year, a Settlement Trust may elect to apply this subsection for any property described in paragraph (1) which was contributed during such year. Any property to which the elec-tion applies shall be identified and described with reasonable particularity on the income tax return or an amendment or supplement to the return of the Settlement Trust, with such election to have effect solely for such taxable year. ‘‘(B) R
EVOCATION .—Any election made by a Settlement Trust pursuant to this sub-section may be revoked pursuant to a timely filed amendment or supplement to the in-come tax return of such Settlement Trust. ‘‘(C) C
ERTAIN DISPOSITIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any prop-erty for which an election is in effect under this subsection and which is disposed of within the first taxable year subsequent to the taxable year in which such property was contributed to the Settlement Trust— ‘‘(I) this section shall be applied as if the election under this subsection had not been made, ‘‘(II) any income or gain which would have been included in the year of contribution under subsection (f)(3) but for the taxpayer’s election under this subsection shall be in-cluded in income for the taxable year of such contribution, and ‘‘(III) the Settlement Trust shall pay any increase in tax resulting from such inclu-sion, including any applicable interest, and increased by 10 percent of the amount of such increase with interest. ‘‘(ii) A
SSESSMENT .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 6501(a), any amount described in sub-clause (III) of clause (i) may be assessed, or a proceeding in court with respect to such amount may be initiated without assess-ment, within 4 years after the date on which the return making the election under this subsection for such property was filed.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 248 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 247. Contributions to Alaska Native Settlement Trusts.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to taxable years for which the period of limitation on refund or credit under section 6511 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 has not expired. (B) O
NE-YEAR WAIVER OF STATUTE OF LIMI -
TATIONS .—If the period of limitation on a credit or refund resulting from the amend-ments made by paragraph (1) expires before the end of the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, refund or credit of such overpayment (to the extent at-tributable to such amendments) may, never-theless, be made or allowed if claim therefor is filed before the close of such 1-year period. (c) I
NFORMATION REPORTING FOR DEDUCT -
IBLE CONTRIBUTIONS TO ALASKA NATIVE SET-
TLEMENT TRUSTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 6039H is amend-ed— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
SPON -
SORING ’’, and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) D
EDUCTIBLE CONTRIBUTIONS BY NATIVE  C
ORPORATIONS TO ALASKA NATIVE SETTLE -
MENT TRUSTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any Native Corporation (as defined in subsection (m) of section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602(m))) which has made a contribu-tion to a Settlement Trust (as defined in subsection (t) of such section) to which an election under subsection (e) of section 247 applies shall provide such Settlement Trust with a statement regarding such election not later than January 31 of the calendar year subsequent to the calendar year in which the contribution was made. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENT OF STATEMENT .—The state-ment described in paragraph (1) shall in-clude— ‘‘(A) the total amount of contributions to which the election under subsection (e) of section 247 applies, ‘‘(B) for each contribution, whether such contribution was in cash, ‘‘(C) for each contribution which consists of property other than cash, the date that such property was acquired by the Native Corporation and the adjusted basis and fair market value of such property on the date such property was contributed to the Settle-ment Trust, ‘‘(D) the date on which each contribution was made to the Settlement Trust, and ‘‘(E) such information as the Secretary de-termines to be necessary or appropriate for the identification of each contribution and the accurate inclusion of income relating to such contributions by the Settlement Trust.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item re-lating to section 6039H in the table of sec-tions for subpart A of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 6039H. Information With Respect to Alaska Native Settlement Trusts and Native Corpora-tions.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SA 1631. Mr. ROBERTS (for himself, Mr. T
HUNE , and Mr. G RASSLEY ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page ll, strike lines lll through ll, and insert the following: ‘‘(C) E
LECTING FARMING BUSINESS .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘electing farming business’ means— ‘‘(i) a farming business (as defined in sec-tion 263A(e)(4)) which makes an election under this subparagraph, or ‘‘(ii) any trade or business of a specified ag-ricultural or horticultural cooperative (as defined in section 199A(g)(2)) with respect to which the cooperative makes an election under this subparagraph. Any such election shall be made at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe, and, once made, shall be irrev-ocable.’’. 
SA 1632. Mr. ROBERTS submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.032 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7472 November 29, 2017 
reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subpart B of part V of sub-title C of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 13417. TREATMENT OF VETERANS’ PREF-ERENCE AS NOT VIOLATING GEN-ERAL PUBLIC USE REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (C) of sec-tion 42(g)(9) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(C) who are veterans of the Armed Forces.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to buildings placed in service before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 13418. INCREASE IN CREDIT FOR CERTAIN RURAL HOUSING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 42(d)(5)(B) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(vi) C
ERTAIN NEW BUILDINGS IN RURAL  
AREAS .—For purposes of clause (i), a building described in subsection (b)(1)(B)(i) which is located in a rural area (as defined in section 520 of the Housing Act of 1949) shall be treat-ed in the same manner as a new building lo-cated in a difficult development area which is designated for purposes of this subpara-graph.’’. (b) O
FFSET .—Section 42(d)(5)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘130 percent’’ both places it appears in subclauses (I) and (II) and inserting ‘‘125 percent’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to buildings placed in service after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 1633. Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. S COTT, Mr. S
HELBY , and Mr. S TRANGE ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. MODIFICATIONS OF CREDIT FOR PRODUCTION FROM ADVANCED NU-CLEAR POWER FACILITIES. 
(a) T REATMENT OF UNUTILIZED LIMITATION  A
MOUNTS .—Section 45J(b) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘or any amendment to’’ after ‘‘enactment of’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) A
LLOCATION OF UNUTILIZED LIMITA -
TION.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any unutilized national megawatt capacity limitation shall be allo-cated by the Secretary under paragraph (3) as rapidly as is practicable after December 31, 2020— ‘‘(i) first to facilities placed in service on or before such date to the extent that such facilities did not receive an allocation equal to their full nameplate capacity; and ‘‘(ii) then to facilities placed in service after such date in the order in which such fa-cilities are placed in service. ‘‘(B) U
NUTILIZED NATIONAL MEGAWATT CA -
PACITY LIMITATION .—The term ‘unutilized na-tional megawatt capacity limitation’ means the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) 6,000 megawatts, over ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount of national megawatt capacity limitation allocated by the Secretary before January 1, 2021, reduced by any amount of such limitation which was allocated to a facility which was not placed in service before such date. ‘‘(C) COORDINATION WITH OTHER PROVI -
SIONS .—In the case of any unutilized national megawatt capacity limitation allocated by the Secretary pursuant to this paragraph— ‘‘(i) such allocation shall be treated for purposes of this section in the same manner as an allocation of national megawatt capac-ity limitation; and ‘‘(ii) subsection (d)(1)(B) shall not apply to any facility which receives such alloca-tion.’’. (b) T
RANSFER OF CREDIT BY CERTAIN PUBLIC  E
NTITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 45J is amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (f); and (B) by inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) T
RANSFER OF CREDIT BY CERTAIN PUB-
LICENTITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If, with respect to a cred-it under subsection (a) for any taxable year— ‘‘(A) the taxpayer would be a qualified pub-lic entity; and ‘‘(B) such entity elects the application of this paragraph for such taxable year with re-spect to all (or any portion specified in such election) of such credit, the eligible project partner specified in such election (and not the qualified public entity) shall be treated as the taxpayer for purposes of this title with respect to such credit (or such portion thereof). ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) Q
UALIFIED PUBLIC ENTITY .—The term ‘qualified public entity’ means— ‘‘(i) a Federal, State, or local government entity, or any political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality thereof; ‘‘(ii) a mutual or cooperative electric com-pany described in section 501(c)(12) or section 1381(a)(2); or ‘‘(iii) a not-for-profit electric utility which has or had received a loan or loan guarantee under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE PROJECT PARTNER .—The term ‘eligible project partner’ means— ‘‘(i) any person responsible for, or partici-pating in, the design or construction of the advanced nuclear power facility to which the credit under subsection (a) relates; ‘‘(ii) any person who participates in the provision of the nuclear steam supply system to the advanced nuclear power facility to which the credit under subsection (a) relates; ‘‘(iii) any person who participates in the provision of nuclear fuel to the advanced nu-clear power facility to which the credit under subsection (a) relates; ‘‘(iv) any person who has an ownership in-terest in such facility; or ‘‘(v) any financial institution which pro-vides financing for the construction or oper-ation of the advanced nuclear power facility to which the credit under sub-section (a) re-lates. ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATION TO PARTNERSHIPS .—In the case of a credit under subsection (a) which is determined at the partnership level— ‘‘(i) for purposes of paragraph (1)(A), a qualified public entity shall be treated as the taxpayer with respect to such entity’s dis-tributive share of such credit; and ‘‘(ii) the term ‘eligible project partner’ shall include any partner of the partnership. ‘‘(B) T
AXABLE YEAR IN WHICH CREDIT TAKEN  
INTO ACCOUNT .—In the case of any credit (or portion thereof) with respect to which an election is made under paragraph (1), such credit shall be taken into account in the first taxable year of the eligible project part-ner ending with, or after, the qualified public entity’s taxable year with respect to which the credit was determined. ‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF TRANSFER UNDER PRI -
VATE USE RULES .—For purposes of section 141(b)(1), any benefit derived by an eligible project partner in connection with an elec-tion under this subsection shall not be taken into account as a private business use.’’. (2) SPECIAL RULE FOR PROCEEDS OF TRANS -
FERS FOR MUTUAL OR COOPERATIVE ELECTRIC  
COMPANIES .—Section 501(c)(12) is amended by adding at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(I) In the case of a mutual or cooperative electric company described in this paragraph or an organization described in section 1381(a)(2), income received or accrued in con-nection with an election under section 45J(e)(1) shall be treated as an amount col-lected from members for the sole purpose of meeting losses and expenses.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— (1) T
REATMENT OF UNUTILIZED LIMITATION  
AMOUNTS .—The amendment made by sub-section (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) T
RANSFER OF CREDIT BY CERTAIN PUBLIC  
ENTITIES .—The amendments made by sub-section (b) shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1634. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 submitted by Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part VIII of subtitle A of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 11082. TAXPAYER REFUND PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall implement a program under which taxpayers who have paid a penalty under section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2013, and before January 1, 2016, receive 1 payment in refund of all such penalties paid, without regard to whether or not an amended return is filed. Such payment shall be made not later than April 15, 2018. (b) W
AIVER OF STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .— Solely for purposes of claiming the refund under subsection (a), the period prescribed by section 6511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to any payment of a penalty under section 5000A shall be ex-tended until the date prescribed by law (in-cluding extensions) for filing the return of tax for the taxable year that includes De-cember 31, 2017. 
SA 1635. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 submitted by Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part III of subtitle D of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 14lll. MODIFICATIONS TO RULES RELAT-ING TO INVERTED CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 7874 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) I
NVERTED CORPORATIONS TREATED AS  D
OMESTIC CORPORATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 7701(a)(4), a foreign corporation shall be treated for purposes of this title as a domes-tic corporation if— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.032 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7473 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(A) such corporation would be a surrogate foreign corporation if subsection (a)(2) were applied by substituting ‘80 percent’ for ‘60 percent’, or ‘‘(B) such corporation is an inverted do-mestic corporation. ‘‘(2) I
NVERTED DOMESTIC CORPORATION .—For purposes of this subsection, a foreign cor-poration shall be treated as an inverted do-mestic corporation if, pursuant to a plan (or a series of related transactions)— ‘‘(A) the entity completes after May 8, 2014, the direct or indirect acquisition of— ‘‘(i) substantially all of the properties held directly or indirectly by a domestic corpora-tion, or ‘‘(ii) substantially all of the assets of, or substantially all of the properties consti-tuting a trade or business of, a domestic partnership, and ‘‘(B) after the acquisition, either— ‘‘(i) more than 50 percent of the stock (by vote or value) of the entity is held— ‘‘(I) in the case of an acquisition with re-spect to a domestic corporation, by former shareholders of the domestic corporation by reason of holding stock in the domestic cor-poration, or ‘‘(II) in the case of an acquisition with re-spect to a domestic partnership, by former partners of the domestic partnership by rea-son of holding a capital or profits interest in the domestic partnership, or ‘‘(ii) the management and control of the expanded affiliated group which includes the entity occurs, directly or indirectly, pri-marily within the United States, and such expanded affiliated group has significant do-mestic business activities. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CORPORATIONS WITH  
SUBSTANTIAL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES IN FOREIGN  
COUNTRY OF ORGANIZATION .—A foreign cor-poration described in paragraph (2) shall not be treated as an inverted domestic corpora-tion if after the acquisition the expanded af-filiated group which includes the entity has substantial business activities in the foreign country in which or under the law of which the entity is created or organized when com-pared to the total business activities of such expanded affiliated group. For purposes of subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii) and the preceding sentence, the term ‘substantial business ac-tivities’ shall have the meaning given such term under regulations in effect on January 18, 2017, except that the Secretary may issue regulations increasing the threshold percent in any of the tests under such regulations for determining if business activities constitute substantial business activities for purposes of this paragraph. ‘‘(4) M
ANAGEMENT AND CONTROL .—For pur- poses of paragraph (2)(B)(ii)— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pre-scribe regulations for purposes of deter-mining cases in which the management and control of an expanded affiliated group is to be treated as occurring, directly or indi-rectly, primarily within the United States. The regulations prescribed under the pre-ceding sentence shall apply to periods after May 8, 2014. ‘‘(B) E
XECUTIVE OFFICERS AND SENIOR MAN -
AGEMENT .—Such regulations shall provide that the management and control of an ex-panded affiliated group shall be treated as occurring, directly or indirectly, primarily within the United States if substantially all of the executive officers and senior manage-ment of the expanded affiliated group who exercise day-to-day responsibility for mak-ing decisions involving strategic, financial, and operational policies of the expanded af-filiated group are based or primarily located within the United States. Individuals who in fact exercise such day-to-day responsibilities shall be treated as executive officers and senior management regardless of their title. ‘‘(5) SIGNIFICANT DOMESTIC BUSINESS ACTIVI -
TIES.—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B)(ii), an expanded affiliated group has significant domestic business activities if at least 25 percent of— ‘‘(A) the employees of the group are based in the United States, ‘‘(B) the employee compensation incurred by the group is incurred with respect to em-ployees based in the United States, ‘‘(C) the assets of the group are located in the United States, or ‘‘(D) the income of the group is derived in the United States, determined in the same manner as such de-terminations are made for purposes of deter-mining substantial business activities under regulations referred to in paragraph (3) as in effect on January 18, 2017, but applied by treating all references in such regulations to ‘foreign country’ and ‘relevant foreign coun-try’ as references to ‘the United States’. The Secretary may issue regulations decreasing the threshold percent in any of the tests under such regulations for determining if business activities constitute significant do-mestic business activities for purposes of this paragraph.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Clause (i) of section 7874(a)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘after March 4, 2003,’’ and inserting ‘‘after March 4, 2003, and before May 8, 2014,’’. (2) Subsection (c) of section 7874 is amend-ed— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)(i)’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or (b)(2)(A)’’ after ‘‘(a)(2)(B)(i)’’ in subparagraph (B); (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or (b)(2)(B)(i), as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘(a)(2)(B)(ii)’’; (C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a)(2)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-sections (a)(2)(B)(ii) and (b)(2)(B)(i)’’; and (D) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘or in-verted domestic corporation, as the case may be,’’ after ‘‘surrogate foreign corporation’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after May 8, 2014. 
SA 1636. Mr. DURBIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 submitted by Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI ) and intended to be proposed to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part III of subtitle A of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 11030. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF WORK OPPORTUNITY CREDIT FOR CERTAIN YOUTH EMPLOYEES. 
(a) E XPANSION OF CREDIT FOR SUMMER  Y
OUTH .— (1) C
REDIT ALLOWED FOR YEAR -ROUND EM -
PLOYMENT .—Section 51(d)(7)(A) is amended— (A) by striking clauses (i) and (iii) and re-designating clauses (ii) and (iv) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively; (B) in clause (i) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘(or if later, on May 1 of the cal-endar year involved),’’ and inserting ‘‘, and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) who will be employed for not more than 20 hours per week during any period be-tween September 16 and April 30 in which such individual is regularly attending any secondary school.’’. (2) INCREASE IN CREDIT AMOUNT .—Section 51(d)(7) is amended by striking subparagraph (B) and by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B). (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Subparagraph (F) of section 51(d)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘summer’’. (B) Paragraph (7) of section 51(d) is amend-ed— (i) by striking ‘‘summer’’ each place it ap-pears in subparagraphs (A); (ii) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)(iv)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A)(ii)’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘
SUMMER ’’ in the heading thereof. (b) C
REDIT FOR AT-RISKYOUTH .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 51(d) is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (I), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (J) and inserting ‘‘, or’’ , and by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(K) an at-risk youth.’’. (2) A
T-RISK YOUTH .—Paragraph (14) of sec-tion 51(d) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(14) A
T-RISK YOUTH .—The term ‘at-risk youth’ means any individual who is certified by the designated local agency— ‘‘(A) as— ‘‘(i) having attained age 16 but not age 25 on the hiring date, ‘‘(ii) as not regularly attending any sec-ondary, technical, or post-secondary school during the 6-month period preceding the hir-ing date, ‘‘(iii) as not regularly employed during such 6-month period, and ‘‘(iv) as not readily employable by reason of lacking a sufficient number of basic skills, or ‘‘(B) as— ‘‘(i) having attained age 16 but not age 21 on the hiring date, and ‘‘(ii) an eligible foster child (as defined in section 152(f)(1)(C)) who was in foster care during the 12-month period ending on the hiring date.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to individ-uals who begin work for the employer after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1637. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. H
OEVEN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 254, to amend the Native American Programs Act of 1974 to pro-vide flexibility and reauthorization to ensure the survival and continuing vi-tality of Native American languages; as follows: 
On page 2, strike lines 21 and 22 and insert the following: amended by striking ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘$13,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SA 1638. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. H
OEVEN ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 669, to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to assess sanita-tion and safety conditions at Bureau of Indian Affairs facilities that were con-structed to provide affected Columbia River Treaty tribes access to tradi-tional fishing grounds and expend funds on construction of facilities and structures to improve those conditions, and for other purposes; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.038 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7474 November 29, 2017 
SEC. 3. STUDY OF ASSESSMENT AND IMPROVE-MENT ACTIVITIES. 
The Comptroller General of the United States, in consultation with the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate, shall— (1) conduct a study to evaluate whether the sanitation and safety conditions on lands held by the United States for the benefit of the affected Columbia River Treaty tribes (as defined in section 2) have improved as a result of the activities authorized in section 2; and (2) prepare and submit to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report containing the re-sults of that study. 
SA 1639. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. EXCEPTION FOR EXPENDITURES IN CONNECTION WITH CERTAIN CAN-NABIS RELATED TRADES OR BUSI-NESSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 280E of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘
DRUGS ’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘No deduction’’ and inserting ‘‘
DRUGS  ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL RULE.—Except as provided in subsection (b), no deduction’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN CANNABIS RE-
LATED TRADES OR BUSINESSES .— ‘‘(1) E
XCLUSION FROM TRAFFICKING .—Those activities undertaken in connection with a qualified cannabis trade or business shall not be considered trafficking in controlled sub-stances for purposes of subsection (a). ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) C
ANNABIS RELATED TRADE OR BUSI -
NESS.—The term ‘cannabis related trade or business’ means a trade or business that earns cannabis related income. ‘‘(B) C
ANNABIS RELATED INCOME .—The term ‘cannabis related income’ means any income earned from the manufacture, production, cultivation, processing, refinement, trans-portation and delivery, distribution, testing, use, sale, or exchange of cannabis or can-nabis-derived materials. ‘‘(C) Q
UALIFIED CANNABIS RELATED TRADE  
OR BUSINESS .—The term ‘qualified cannabis related trade or business’ means a cannabis related trade or business that meets the fol-lowing requirements: ‘‘(i) The activities giving rise to the can-nabis related income of the trade or business are properly regulated under the laws of the State in which they are conducted. ‘‘(ii) No cannabis or cannabis-derived ma-terials owned by the trade or business are sold, exchanged, provided free of charge, gift-ed, donated, sampled, embedded in the sale of another item, embedded within the provi-sion of a service, or otherwise transferred in a manner that does not give rise to cannabis related income. ‘‘(iii) None of the activities of the trade or business are trafficking in controlled sub-stances other than cannabis or cannabis-de-rived materials regulated under State law. ‘‘(iv) To the extent that the cannabis re-lated trade or business was in existence prior to the date of enactment of this subsection, the person who held or controlled a license described in paragraph (3)(A) in taxable years ending before such date of enactment has not had a cannabis license revoked by State licensing authorities. ‘‘(3) PROPERLY REGULATED .—The term ‘properly regulated’ means, with respect to a qualified cannabis related trade or business, the following: ‘‘(A) Persons engaged in the activities giv-ing rise to the cannabis related gross re-ceipts are licensed by the State in which they conduct such activities and such license is subject to periodic renewal. ‘‘(B) State licensing rules impose limita-tions on the production and distribution of cannabis and items derived from cannabis. ‘‘(C) State licensing rules restrict the dis-tribution of cannabis and items derived from cannabis to minors, including— ‘‘(i) a minimum age on legal purchases of 18; and ‘‘(ii) restrictions on advertising, marketing ,and promotional activities that are at least as stringent as those imposed on alcohol products in the State. ‘‘(D) Sufficient books and records are em-ployed by the cannabis related trade or busi-ness— ‘‘(i) to enable the seed to sale identifica-tion of all the cannabis or cannabis derived materials owned or used in connection with the manufacturing, production, growth, processing, refinement, distribution, testing, use, sale, or exchange activities of the can-nabis related trade or business; and ‘‘(ii) to enable the association of the in-come of the cannabis trade or business with the cannabis or cannabis derived materials identified in accordance with clause (i). ‘‘(E) Personal use exemptions to the State licensing requirements, if any, contain limi-tations similar to those contained in section 5053(e), applied— ‘‘(i) by limiting the definition of any per-missible transfer to another person, whether by sale, exchange, gift, sharing, concurrent use, or otherwise, to transfers between the persons who constitute family members within the meaning of section 267(c)(4) and who are not minors; and ‘‘(ii) by substituting 8 plants for 200 gallons in each place it appears for applying a house-hold limitation involving more than 1 adult and 4 plants for 100 gallons in each place it appears for applying a household limitation involving only 1 adult. ‘‘(F) State licensing rules limit caregiver, agency, designation arrangements, coopera-tive agreements, or any other arrangement involving cannabis or cannabis derived mate-rials purporting not to involve a trade or business to 8 plants per patient or person per calendar year. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION TO PERSONS ENGAGED IN  
MORE THAN ONE TRADE OR BUSINESS .—The ac- tivities of all persons who are related parties within the meaning of section 52 shall be taken into account in applying this sub-section.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to taxable years ending after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1640. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 307, line 6, strike ‘‘an organiza-tion’’ and insert ‘‘an organization (other than the United States Olympic Committee, any organizing committee or affiliated enti-ty for an Olympic or Paralympic Games, world championship, regional championship, or United States Olympic and Paralympic sport national championship hosted in the United States, and any organization estab-lished pursuant to the Ted Stevens Olympic and Amateur Sports Act (36 U.S.C. 220501 et seq.))’’. SA 1641. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to ti-tles II and V of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 11022 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 11022. INCREASE IN AND MODIFICATION OF CHILD TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS  2018 T
HROUGH 2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, this section shall be applied as provided in paragraphs (2) through (8). ‘‘(2) C
REDIT AMOUNT .—Subsection (a) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,000’ for ‘$1,000’. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—In lieu of the amount de-termined under subsection (b)(2), the thresh-old amount shall be— ‘‘(A) in the case of a joint return, $500,000, and ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who is not married or a married individual filing a sepa-rate return, $250,000. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION OF QUALIFYING CHILD .— Paragraph (1) of subsection (c) shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘18’ for ‘17’. ‘‘(5) P
ARTIAL CREDIT ALLOWED FOR CERTAIN  
OTHER DEPENDENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The credit determined under subsection (a) (after the application of paragraph (2)) shall be increased by $500 for each dependent of the taxpayer (as defined in section 152) other than a qualifying child de-scribed in subsection (c) (after the applica-tion of paragraph (4)). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN NONCITIZENS .— Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with re-spect to any individual who would not be a dependent if subparagraph (A) of section 152(b)(3) were applied without regard to all that follows ‘resident of the United States’. ‘‘(6) P
ORTION OF CREDIT REFUNDABLE .—Sub- section (d)(1)(B)(i) shall be applied by sub-stituting— ‘‘(A) ‘15.3 percent’ for ‘15 percent’, and ‘‘(B) ‘$0’ for ‘$3,000’. ‘‘(7) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after 2017, the $2,000 amount in paragraph (2) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. ‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—Any increase determined under subparagraph (A) shall be rounded to the next highest multiple of $100. ‘‘(8) S
OCIAL SECURITY NUMBER REQUIRED .— No credit shall be allowed under subsection (d) to a taxpayer with respect to any quali-fying child unless the taxpayer includes the social security number of such child on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.036 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7475 November 29, 2017 
return of tax for the taxable year. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the term ‘so-cial security number’ means a social secu-rity number issued to an individual by the Social Security Administration, but only if the social security number is issued to a cit-izen of the United States or is issued pursu-ant to subclause (I) (or that portion of sub-clause (III) that relates to subclause (I)) of section 205(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act.’’. (b) I
NCREASE IN CORPORATE TAXRATE.— Subsection (b) of section 11, as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘22 per-cent’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1642. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to ti-tles II and V of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 11022 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 11022. INCREASE IN AND MODIFICATION OF CHILD TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS  2018 T
HROUGH 2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, this section shall be applied as provided in paragraphs (2) through (8). ‘‘(2) C
REDIT AMOUNT .—Subsection (a) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,000’ for ‘$1,000’. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—In lieu of the amount de-termined under subsection (b)(2), the thresh-old amount shall be— ‘‘(A) in the case of a joint return, $500,000, and ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who is not married or a married individual filing a sepa-rate return, $250,000. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION OF QUALIFYING CHILD .— Paragraph (1) of subsection (c) shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘18’ for ‘17’. ‘‘(5) P
ARTIAL CREDIT ALLOWED FOR CERTAIN  
OTHER DEPENDENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The credit determined under subsection (a) (after the application of paragraph (2)) shall be increased by $500 for each dependent of the taxpayer (as defined in section 152) other than a qualifying child de-scribed in subsection (c) (after the applica-tion of paragraph (4)). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN NONCITIZENS .— Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with re-spect to any individual who would not be a dependent if subparagraph (A) of section 152(b)(3) were applied without regard to all that follows ‘resident of the United States’. ‘‘(6) P
ORTION OF CREDIT REFUNDABLE .—In lieu of subsection (d), the following provi-sions shall apply for purposes of the credit allowable under this section: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The aggregate credits allowed to a taxpayer under subpart C shall be increased by the lesser of— ‘‘(i) the credit which would be allowed under this section without regard to this paragraph and the limitation under section 26(a), or ‘‘(ii) the amount by which the aggregate amount of credits allowed by this subpart (determined without regard to this para-graph) would increase if the limitation im-posed by section 26(a) were increased by an amount equal to the sum of the taxpayer’s payroll taxes for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) PAYROLL TAXES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), the term ‘payroll taxes’ means, with respect to any taxpayer for any taxable year, the amount of the taxes imposed by— ‘‘(I) section 1401 on the self-employment in-come of the taxpayer for the taxable year, ‘‘(II) section 3101 on wages received by the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, ‘‘(III) section 3111 on wages paid by an em-ployer with respect to employment of the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, ‘‘(IV) sections 3201(a) and 3211(a) on com-pensation received by the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, and ‘‘(V) section 3221(a) on compensation paid by an employer with respect to services ren-dered by the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. ‘‘(ii) C
OORDINATION WITH SPECIAL REFUND OF  
PAYROLL TAXES .—The term ‘payroll taxes’ shall not include any taxes to the extent the taxpayer is entitled to a special refund of such taxes under section 6413(c). ‘‘(iii) S
PECIAL RULE .—Any amounts paid pursuant to an agreement under section 3121(l) (relating to agreements entered into by American employers with respect to for-eign affiliates) which are equivalent to the taxes referred to in subclause (II) or (III) of clause (i) shall be treated as taxes referred to in such clause. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION FOR TAXPAYERS EXCLUDING  
FOREIGN EARNED INCOME .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any taxpayer for any tax-able year if such taxpayer elects to exclude any amount from gross income under section 911 for such taxable year. ‘‘(7) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after 2017, the $2,000 amount in paragraph (2) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. ‘‘(B) R
OUNDING .—Any increase determined under subparagraph (A) shall be rounded to the next highest multiple of $100. ‘‘(8) S
OCIAL SECURITY NUMBER REQUIRED .— No credit shall be allowed under subsection (d) to a taxpayer with respect to any quali-fying child unless the taxpayer includes the social security number of such child on the return of tax for the taxable year. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the term ‘so-cial security number’ means a social secu-rity number issued to an individual by the Social Security Administration, but only if the social security number is issued to a cit-izen of the United States or is issued pursu-ant to subclause (I) (or that portion of sub-clause (III) that relates to subclause (I)) of section 205(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act.’’. (b) I
NCREASE IN CORPORATE TAXRATE.— Subsection (b) of section 11, as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘22 per-cent’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1643. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. D
URBIN , and Mrs. F EINSTEIN ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PATRIOT EMPLOYER TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1, as amended by section 13404 of this Act, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 45T. PATRIOT EMPLOYER TAX CREDIT. 
‘‘(a) D ETERMINATION OF AMOUNT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 38, the Patriot employer credit determined under this section with respect to any tax-payer who is a Patriot employer for any tax-able year shall be equal to 10 percent of the qualified wages paid or incurred by the Pa-triot employer. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The amount of qualified wages which may be taken into account under paragraph (1) with respect to any em-ployee for any taxable year shall not exceed $15,000. ‘‘(b) P
ATRIOT EMPLOYER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of sub-section (a), the term ‘Patriot employer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, any taxpayer— ‘‘(A) which— ‘‘(i) maintains its headquarters in the United States if the taxpayer (or any prede-cessor) has ever been headquartered in the United States, and ‘‘(ii) is not (and no predecessor of which is) an expatriated entity (as defined in section 7874(a)(2)) for the taxable year or any pre-ceding taxable year ending after March 4, 2003, ‘‘(B) with respect to which no assessable payment has been imposed under section 4980H with respect to any month occurring during the taxable year, ‘‘(C) provides employees with— ‘‘(i) paid sick leave, or ‘‘(ii) paid family and medical leave, and ‘‘(D) in the case of— ‘‘(i) a taxpayer which employs an average of more than 50 employees on business days during the taxable year, which— ‘‘(I) provides compensation for at least 90 percent of its employees for services pro-vided by such employees during the taxable year at an hourly rate (or equivalent there-of) not less than an amount equal to 218 per-cent of the Federal poverty level for an indi-vidual for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins divided by 1,750, ‘‘(II) meets the retirement plan require-ments of subsection (c) with respect to at least 90 percent of its employees providing services during the taxable year who are not highly compensated employees, and ‘‘(III) meets the additional requirements of subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2), or ‘‘(ii) any other taxpayer, which meets the requirements of either subclause (I) or (II) of clause (i) for the taxable year. ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR LARGE  
EMPLOYERS .— ‘‘(A) U
NITED STATES EMPLOYMENT .—The re- quirements of this subparagraph are met for any taxable year if— ‘‘(i) in any case in which the taxpayer in-creases the number of employees performing substantially all of their services for the tax-able year outside the United States, the tax-payer either— ‘‘(I) increases the number of employees performing substantially all of their services inside the United States by an amount not less than the increase in such number for employees outside the United States, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.036 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7476 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(II) has a percentage increase in such em-ployees inside the United States which is not less than the percentage increase in such em-ployees outside the United States, ‘‘(ii) in any case in which the taxpayer de-creases the number of employees performing substantially all of their services for the tax-able year inside the United States, the tax-payer either— ‘‘(I) decreases the number of employees performing substantially all of their services outside the United States by an amount not less than the decrease in such number for employees inside the United States, or ‘‘(II) has a percentage decrease in employ-ees outside the United States which is not less than the percentage decrease in such employees inside the United States, and ‘‘(iii) there is not a decrease in the number of employees performing substantially all of their services for the taxable year inside the United States by reason of the taxpayer con-tracting out such services to persons who are not employees of the taxpayer. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF INDIVIDUALS IN THE UNI -
FORMED SERVICES AND THE DISABLED .—The re- quirements of this subparagraph are met for any taxable year if— ‘‘(i) the taxpayer provides differential wage payments (as defined in section 3401(h)(2)) to each employee described in section 3401(h)(2)(A) for any period during the tax-able year in an amount not less than the dif-ference between the wages which would have been received from the employer during such period and the amount of pay and allowances which the employee receives for service in the uniformed services during such period, and ‘‘(ii) the taxpayer has in place at all times during the taxable year a written policy for the recruitment of employees who have served in the uniformed services or who are disabled. ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULES FOR APPLYING THE MIN -
IMUM WAGE AND RETIREMENT PLAN REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(A) M
INIMUM WAGE .—In determining whether the minimum wage requirements of paragraph (1)(D)(i)(I) are met with respect to 90 percent of a taxpayer’s employees for any taxable year— ‘‘(i) a taxpayer may elect to exclude from such determination apprentices or learners that an employer may exclude under the reg-ulations under section 14(a) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, and ‘‘(ii) if a taxpayer meets the requirements of paragraph (2)(B)(i) with respect to pro-viding differential wage payments to any employee for any period (without regard to whether such requirements apply to the tax-payer), the hourly rate (or equivalent there-of) for such payments shall be determined on the basis of the wages which would have been paid by the employer during such period if the employee had not been providing service in the uniformed services. ‘‘(B) R
ETIREMENT PLAN .—In determining whether the retirement plan requirements of paragraph (1)(D)(i)(II) are met with respect to 90 percent of a taxpayer’s employees for any taxable year, a taxpayer may elect to exclude from such determination— ‘‘(i) employees not meeting the age or serv-ice requirements under section 410(a)(1) (or such lower age or service requirements as the employer provides), and ‘‘(ii) employees described in section 410(b)(3). ‘‘(c) R
ETIREMENT PLANREQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The requirements of this subsection are met for any taxable year with respect to an employee of the taxpayer who is not a highly compensated employee if the employee is eligible to participate in 1 or more applicable eligible retirement plans maintained by the employer for a plan year ending with or within the taxable year. ‘‘(2) APPLICABLE ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT  
PLAN .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘applicable eligible retirement plan’ means an eligible retirement plan which, with respect to the plan year described in paragraph (1), is either— ‘‘(A) a defined contribution plan which— ‘‘(i) requires the employer to make non-elective contributions of at least 5 percent of the compensation of the employee, or ‘‘(ii) both— ‘‘(I) includes an eligible automatic con-tribution arrangement (as defined in section 414(w)(3)) under which the uniform percent-age described in section 414(w)(3)(B) is at least 5 percent, and ‘‘(II) requires the employer to make matching contributions of 100 percent of the elective deferrals (as defined in section 414(u)(2)(C)) of the employee to the extent such deferrals do not exceed the percentage specified by the plan (not less than 5 percent) of the employee’s compensation, or ‘‘(B) a defined benefit plan— ‘‘(i) with respect to which the accrued ben-efit of the employee derived from employer contributions, when expressed as an annual retirement benefit, is not less than the prod-uct of— ‘‘(I) the lesser of 2 percent multiplied by the employee’s years of service (determined under the rules of paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) of section 411(a)) with the employer or 20 per-cent, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the employee’s final average pay, or ‘‘(ii) which is an applicable defined benefit plan (as defined in section 411(a)(13)(B))— ‘‘(I) which meets the interest credit re-quirements of section 411(b)(5)(B)(i) with re-spect to the plan year, and ‘‘(II) under which the employee receives a pay credit for the plan year which is not less than 5 percent of compensation. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) E
LIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLAN .—The term ‘eligible retirement plan’ has the mean-ing given such term by section 402(c)(8)(B), except that in the case of an account or an-nuity described in clause (i) or (ii) thereof, such term shall only include an account or annuity which is a simplified employee pen-sion (as defined in section 408(k)). ‘‘(B) F
INAL AVERAGE PAY .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B)(i)(II), final average pay shall be determined using the period of con-secutive years (not exceeding 5) during which the employee had the greatest compensation from the taxpayer. ‘‘(C) A
LTERNATIVE PLAN DESIGNS .—The Sec- retary may prescribe regulations for a tax-payer to meet the requirements of this sub-section through a combination of defined contribution plans or defined benefit plans described in paragraph (1) or through a com-bination of both such types of plans. ‘‘(D) P
LANS MUST MEET REQUIREMENTS WITH -
OUT TAKING INTO ACCOUNT SOCIAL SECURITY  
AND SIMILAR CONTRIBUTIONS AND BENEFITS .—A rule similar to the rule of section 416(e) shall apply. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED WAGES AND COMPENSA -
TION.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified wages’ means wages (as defined in section 51(c), determined without regard to para-graph (4) thereof) paid or incurred by the Pa-triot employer during the taxable year to employees— ‘‘(A) who perform substantially all of their services for such Patriot employer inside the United States, and ‘‘(B) with respect to whom— ‘‘(i) in the case of a Patriot employer which employs an average of more than 50 employees on business days during the tax-able year, the requirements of subclauses (I) and (II) of subsection (b)(1)(D)(i) are met, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of any other Patriot em-ployer, the requirements of either subclause (I) or (II) of subsection (b)(1)(D)(i) are met. ‘‘(2) SPECIAL RULES FOR AGRICULTURAL  
LABOR AND RAILWAY LABOR .—Rules similar to the rules of section 51(h) shall apply. ‘‘(3) C
OMPENSATION .—For purposes of sub-sections (b)(1)(D)(i)(I) and (c), the term ‘com-pensation’ has the same meaning as qualified wages, except that section 51(c)(2) shall be disregarded in determining the amount of such wages. ‘‘(e) A
GGREGATION RULES .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—All persons treated as a single employer under subsection (a) or (b) of section 52 shall be treated as a single tax-payer. ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CERTAIN REQUIRE -
MENTS .—For purposes of applying paragraphs (1)(A) and (2)(A) of subsection (b)— ‘‘(A) the determination under subsections (a) and (b) of section 52 for purposes of para-graph (1) shall be made without regard to section 1563(b)(2)(C) (relating to exclusion of foreign corporations), and ‘‘(B) if any person treated as a single tax-payer under this subsection (after applica-tion of subparagraph (A)), or any predecessor of such person, was an expatriated entity (as defined in section 7874(a)(2)) for any taxable year ending after March 4, 2003, then all per-sons treated as a single taxpayer with such person shall be treated as expatriated enti-ties. ‘‘(f) E
LECTION TOHAVE CREDIT NOT A
PPLY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A taxpayer may elect to have this section not apply for any taxable year. ‘‘(2) T
IME FOR MAKING ELECTION .—An elec- tion under paragraph (1) for any taxable year may be made (or revoked) at any time before the expiration of the 3-year period beginning on the last date prescribed by law for filing the return for such taxable year (determined without regard to extensions). ‘‘(3) M
ANNER OF MAKING ELECTION .—An election under paragraph (1) (or revocation thereof) shall be made in such manner as the Secretary may by regulations prescribe.’’. (b) A
LLOWANCE AS GENERAL BUSINESS CRED-
IT.—Section 38(b), as amended by section 13404 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘plus’’ at the end of paragraph (36), by strik-ing the period at the end of paragraph (37) and inserting ‘‘, plus’’, and by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(38) in the case of a Patriot employer (as defined in section 45T(b)) for any taxable year, the Patriot employer credit deter-mined under section 45T(a).’’. (c) D
ENIAL OF DOUBLE BENEFIT .—Sub- section (a) of section 280C, as amended by section 13404 of this Act, is amended by in-serting ‘‘45T(a),’’ after ‘‘45S(a)’’. (d) A
DJUSTMENT TO CORPORATE TAXRATE.— Section 11(b), as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided under paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2017. (2) C
ORPORATE TAX RATE .—The amendment made by subsection (d) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SA 1644. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.037 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7477 November 29, 2017 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. STRENGTHENING THE EARNED IN-COME TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) I
NCREASED CREDIT FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH  
NO QUALIFYING CHILDREN .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The table in subpara-graph (A) of section 32(b)(2) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘$4,220’’ in the second col-umn and inserting ‘‘$9,230’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘$5,280’’ in the last column and inserting ‘‘$10,900’’. (B) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENTS .—Subpara- graph (B) of section 32(j)(1) is amended— (i) in clause (i)— (I) by inserting ‘‘(except as provided in clause (iii))’’ after ‘‘(b)(2)(A)’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) in the case of the $9,230 and $10,900 amounts in the table in subsection (b)(2)(A), by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) of such section 1.’’. (2) C
REDIT INCREASE AND REDUCTION IN  
PHASEOUT FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH NO CHIL -
DREN .—The table contained in section 32(b)(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘7.65’’ in the second column of the fourth row and inserting ‘‘15.3’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘7.65’’ in the third column of the fourth row and inserting ‘‘15.3’’. (3) C
REDIT ALLOWED FOR CERTAIN CHILDLESS  
INDIVIDUALS OVER AGE 21 .—Subclause (II) of section 32(c)(1)(A)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘age 25’’ and inserting ‘‘age 21’’. (4) E
FFECTIVE DATES .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. (b) A
DJUSTMENT TO CORPORATE TAXRATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 11(b), as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘22 per-cent’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SA 1645. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PERMANENTLY EXTEND LOWER THRESHOLD FOR MEDICAL EXPENSE DEDUCTION FOR INDIVIDUALS AGE 65 OR OLDER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) S
PECIAL RULE .—Subsection (f) of section 213 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘and ending before January 1, 2017,’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘
FOR 2013, 2014, 2015, AND 2016’’ in the heading. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. (b) A
DJUSTMENT TO CORPORATE TAXRATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 11(b), as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘21 per-cent’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SA 1646. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. ENERGY CREDIT AND NEW CLEAN RE-NEWABLE ENERGY BONDS FOR QUALIFIED BIOGAS PROPERTY AND QUALIFIED MANURE RESOURCE RE-COVERY PROPERTY. 
(a) E NERGY CREDIT FOR QUALIFIED BIOGAS  P
ROPERTY AND QUALIFIED MANURE RESOURCE  R
ECOVERY PROPERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 48(a)(3)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (vi) and by adding at the end the fol-lowing new clauses: ‘‘(viii) qualified biogas property, or ‘‘(ix) qualified manure resource recovery property,’’. (2) 30-
PERCENT CREDIT .—Section 48(a)(2)(A)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subclause (III), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subclause (IV), and by adding at the end the following new subclauses: ‘‘(V) qualified biogas property, and ‘‘(VI) qualified manure resource recovery property, and’’. (3) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 48(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graphs: ‘‘(5) Q
UALIFIED BIOGAS PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified biogas property’ means property comprising a system which— ‘‘(i) uses anaerobic digesters, or other bio-logical, chemical, thermal, or mechanical processes (alone or in combination), to con-vert biomass (as defined in section 45K(c)(3)) into a gas which consists of not less than 52 percent methane, and ‘‘(ii) captures such gas for use as a fuel. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN CLEANING AND  
CONDITIONING EQUIPMENT .—Such term shall include any property which cleans and condi-tions the gas referred to in subparagraph (A) for use as a fuel. ‘‘(C) T
ERMINATION .—No credit shall be de-termined under this section with respect to any qualified biogas property for any period after December 31, 2021. ‘‘(6) Q
UALIFIED MANURE RESOURCE RECOVERY  
PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified ma-nure resource recovery property’ means property comprising a system which uses physical, biological, chemical, thermal, or mechanical processes to recover the nutri-ents nitrogen and phosphorus from a non- treated digestate or animal manure by re-ducing or separating at least 50 percent of the concentration of such nutrients, exclud-ing any reductions during the incineration, storage, composting, or field application of the non-treated digestate or animal manure. ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN PROCESSING  
EQUIPMENT .—Such term shall include— ‘‘(i) any property which is used to recover the nutrients referred to in subparagraph (A), such as— ‘‘(I) biological reactors, ‘‘(II) crystallizers, ‘‘(III) reverse osmosis membranes and other water purifiers, ‘‘(IV) evaporators, ‘‘(V) distillers, ‘‘(VI) decanter centrifuges, and ‘‘(VII) equipment that facilitates the proc-ess of dissolved air flotation, ammonia strip-ping, gasification, or ozonation, and ‘‘(ii) any thermal drier which treats the nutrients recovered by the processes referred to in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) T
ERMINATION .—No credit shall be de-termined under this section with respect to any qualified manure resource recovery property for any period after December 31, 2021.’’. (4) DENIAL OF DOUBLE BENEFIT FOR QUALI -
FIED BIOGAS PROPERTY .—Section 45(e) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(12) C
OORDINATION WITH ENERGY CREDIT  
FOR QUALIFIED BIOGAS PROPERTY .—The term ‘qualified facility’ shall not include any fa-cility which produces electricity from gas produced by qualified biogas property (as de-fined in section 48(c)(5)) if a credit is deter-mined under section 48 with respect to such property for the taxable year or any prior taxable year.’’. (5) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to peri-ods after December 31, 2017, in taxable years ending after such date, under rules similar to the rules of section 48(m) of such Code (as in effect on the day before the date of the en-actment of the Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1990). (b) N
EWCLEAN RENEWABLE ENERGY BONDS  
FORQUALIFIED BIOGAS PROPERTY AND QUALI-
FIED MANURE RESOURCE RECOVERY PROP-
ERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 54C(d)(1) is amended by inserting ‘‘, a qualified biogas property (as defined in section 48(c)(5)), or a qualified manure resource recovery property (as defined in section 48(c)(6))’’ before ‘‘owned by’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to obli-gations issued after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (c) A
DJUSTMENT TO CORPORATE TAXRATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 11(b), as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘20.2 per-cent’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SA 1647. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 13532 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 13532. MODIFICATIONS TO QUALIFIED SMALL ISSUE BONDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) M
ANUFACTURING FACILITIES TO INCLUDE  
PRODUCTION OF INTANGIBLE PROPERTY AND  
FUNCTIONALLY RELATED FACILITIES .—Section 144(a)(12)(C) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(C) M
ANUFACTURING FACILITY .—For pur- poses of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘manufacturing facility’ means any facility which— ‘‘(I) is used in the manufacturing or pro-duction of tangible personal property (in-cluding the processing resulting in a change in the condition of such property), ‘‘(II) is used in the creation or production of intangible property which is described in section 197(d)(1)(C)(iii), or ‘‘(III) is functionally related and subordi-nate to a facility described in subclause (I) or (II) if such facility is located on the same site as the facility described in subclause (I) or (II). ‘‘(ii) C
ERTAIN FACILITIES INCLUDED .—The term ‘manufacturing facility’ includes facili-ties that are directly related and ancillary to a manufacturing facility (determined with-out regard to this clause) if— ‘‘(I) those facilities are located on the same site as the manufacturing facility, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.039 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7478 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(II) not more than 25 percent of the net proceeds of the issue are used to provide those facilities. ‘‘(iii) L
IMITATION ON OFFICE SPACE .—A rule similar to the rule of section 142(b)(2) shall apply for purposes of clause (i). ‘‘(iv) L
IMITATION ON REFUNDINGS FOR CER -
TAIN PROPERTY .—Subclauses (II) and (III) of clause (i) shall not apply to any bond issued on or before the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or to any bond issued to refund a bond issued on or before such date (other than a bond to which clause (iii) of this subparagraph (as in effect before the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act applies)), either directly or in a se-ries of refundings.’’. (2) I
NCREASE IN LIMITATIONS .—Section 144(a)(4) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ in subpara-graph (A)(i) and inserting ‘‘$30,000,000’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ in the heading and inserting ‘‘$30,000,000’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to obli-gations issued after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (b) D
ELAY OF REDUCED CORPORATE TAX R
ATE.— (1) Section 13001(c) of this Act is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (2) Section 13002(f) of this Act is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SA 1648. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. EXPANSION OF QUALIFIED ZONE ACADEMY BONDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) C
ONSTRUCTION OF A PUBLIC SCHOOL FA -
CILITY .—Subparagraph (A) of section 54E(d)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘rehabili-tating or repairing’’ and inserting ‘‘con-structing, rehabilitating, retrofitting, or re-pairing’’. (2) R
EMOVAL OF PRIVATE BUSINESS CON -
TRIBUTION REQUIREMENT .—Section 54E is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) by striking subparagraph (B); and (iii) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); (B) by striking subsection (b) and redesig-nating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively; and (C) in paragraph (1) of subsection (b) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking ‘‘and $400,000,0000’’ and in-serting ‘‘$400,000,000’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and, except as provided’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, and $1,400,000,000 for 2018 and each year thereafter.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to obli-gations issued after December 31, 2017. (b) A
DJUSTMENT TO CORPORATE TAXRATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 11(b), as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘21 per-cent’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2018. SA 1649. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. DEDUCTION FOR DONATIONS TO NON-PROFIT ADDICTION TREAT-MENT CENTERS. 
(a) D EDUCTION FROM ADJUSTED GROSS IN-
COME .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 62(a) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(22) D
ONATIONS TO NON -PROFIT ADDICTION  
TREATMENT CENTERS .—In the case of an indi-vidual who does not elect to itemize their de-ductions for the taxable year, the deduction allowed by section 170 for charitable con-tributions made to a nonprofit substance use disorder treatment facility that is licensed by a State, and which is eligible to receive reimbursement for services provided to indi-viduals enrolled in the Medicare program or a State Medicaid program.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. (b) A
DJUSTMENT TO CORPORATE TAXRATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 11(b), as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘20.5 per-cent’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SA 1650. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. DEDUCTION FOR TRADE AND BUSI-NESS EXPENSES INCURRED BY FIRE-FIGHTERS AND LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS. 
(a) D EDUCTION FROM ADJUSTED GROSS IN-
COME .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 62(a)(2) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) C
ERTAIN EXPENSES OF FIREFIGHTERS  
AND LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS .—The deduc-tions allowed by section 162 which consist of expenses paid or incurred by Federal, State, or local firefighters or law enforcement offi-cers in connection with the performance of their official duties.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. (b) A
DJUSTMENT TO CORPORATE TAXRATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 11(b), as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘20.5 per-cent’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SA 1651. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: SEC. lll. INCREASE DEDUCTION FOR INTER-EST PAID ON QUALIFIED EDU-CATION LOANS. 
(a) I NCREASE IN MAXIMUM DEDUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 221(b) is amended by striking ‘‘$2,500’’ and in-serting ‘‘$5,000’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. (b) A
DJUSTMENT TO CORPORATE TAXRATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 11(b), as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘20.5 per-cent’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SA 1652. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. IMPOSITION OF EXCISE TAX ON COR-PORATIONS WITH LOW-WAGE EM-PLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle D is amended by adding after chapter 36 the following new chapter: ‘‘CHAPTER 37—CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY TAX ‘‘Sec. 4511. Imposition of tax. 
‘‘SEC. 4511. IMPOSITION OF TAX. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of an appli-cable employer who employs a low-wage em-ployee during the calendar year, there is im-posed a tax equal to the applicable percent-age of the aggregate amount of wages paid by the applicable employer with respect to employment of all employees of the em-ployer during the calendar year. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICABLE EMPLOYER ; LOW-WAGEEM-
PLOYEE .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICABLE EMPLOYER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘applicable employer’ means, with respect to any cal-endar year, any employer who was required to make deposits of taxes under chapters 21 and 24 (or who would have been required to make such deposits if the rules of subpara-graph (C) applied for such purposes) by the close of the next day for periods aggregating more than 180 days during the preceding cal-endar year. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Such term shall not in-clude a Federal or other governmental entity or a church or qualified church organization (as such terms are defined in section 3121(w)(3)). ‘‘(C) A
GGREGATION RULES .—The rules of subsections (b), (c), (m), and (o) of section 414 shall apply for purposes of this section, ex-cept that in applying subsections (b) and (c) of such section, the phrase ‘more than 50 per-cent’ shall be substituted for the phrase ‘more than 80 percent’ each place it appears. ‘‘(2) L
OW-WAGE EMPLOYEE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘low-wage em-ployee’ means any employee who receives wages from an applicable employer during the calendar year in an amount less than 218 percent of the Federal poverty line (within the meaning of section 2110(c)(5) of the So-cial Security Act) for an individual. Rules similar to the rules of section 36B(d)(3)(B) shall apply for purposes of this subpara-graph. ‘‘(B) E
MPLOYEES EMPLOYED FOR LESS THAN  
ENTIRE YEAR .—In the case of any employee employed by an applicable taxpayer for less than the entire calendar year, the amount 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.039 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7479 November 29, 2017 
described in subparagraph (A) shall be re-duced by an amount which bears the same ratio to such amount as— ‘‘(i) the number of weeks during the cal-endar year in which such individual was not an employee of such applicable employer, bears to ‘‘(ii) 52. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For pur- poses of subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) D
ETERMINATION .—The applicable per-centage shall be determined as follows: ‘‘In the case of an applicable employer with a low-wage employee ratio of: The applicable percentage is: 
25% or less .......................................................... 25%Greater than 25% but not greater than 50% .... 50%Greater than 50%, but not greater than 75% ... 75%Greater than 75% ................................................ 100%. 
‘‘(B) L OW-WAGE EMPLOYEE RATIO .—For pur- poses of subparagraph (A), the low-wage em-ployee ratio with respect to any applicable employer is the ratio (expressed as a per-centage) of— ‘‘(i) the number of low-wage employees em-ployed by the applicable employer during the calendar year, to ‘‘(ii) the total number of individuals em-ployed by the applicable employer during such calendar year. ‘‘(2) H
EALTH AND RETIREMENT OFFSET .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an appli-cable employer who meets the requirements of subparagraph (B), the applicable percent-age shall be reduced (but not below zero) by 25 percentage points. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An applicable em-ployer meets the requirements of this sub-paragraph if such applicable employer— ‘‘(i) offers to all full-time low-wage em-ployees (and their spouse and dependents) the opportunity to enroll for all months dur-ing the calendar year in minimum essential coverage under an eligible employer spon-sored health plan (as defined in section 5000A(f)(2)) for which— ‘‘(I) the plan’s share of the allowed costs of benefits provided under the plan is not less than 60 percent of such costs, and ‘‘(II) the required contribution (within the meaning of section 5000A(e)(1)(B)) of the em-ployee does not exceed the applicable per-centage of the annual wages paid to the em-ployee by the applicable employer, and ‘‘(ii) meets the retirement plan require-ments of subsection (d) for all employees who are low-wage employees. For purposes of clause (i)(II), the applicable percentage is the percentage in effect under section 36B(c)(2)(B)(II) for the plan year. ‘‘(d) R
ETIREMENT PLANREQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The requirements of this subsection are met for any calendar year with respect to an employee of the applica-ble employer who is a low-wage employee if the employee is eligible to participate in one or more applicable eligible retirement plans maintained by the applicable employer (or any member of the group of employers treat-ed as an applicable employer under sub-section (b)(1)(C)) for a plan year ending with or within the calendar year. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT  
PLAN .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘applicable eligible retirement plan’ means an eligible retirement plan which, with respect to the plan year described in paragraph (1), is either— ‘‘(A) a defined contribution plan which re-quires the employer to make nonelective contributions of at least 5 percent of the compensation of the employee, or ‘‘(B) a defined benefit plan— ‘‘(i) with respect to which the accrued ben-efit of the employee derived from employer contributions, when expressed as an annual retirement benefit, is not less than the prod-uct of— ‘‘(I) the lesser of 2 percent multiplied by the employee’s years of service (determined under the rules of paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) of section 411(a)) with the employer or 20 per-cent, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the employee’s final average pay, or ‘‘(ii) which is an applicable defined benefit plan (as defined in section 411(a)(13)(B))— ‘‘(I) which meets the interest credit re-quirements of section 411(b)(5)(B)(i) with re-spect to the plan year, and ‘‘(II) under which the employee receives a pay credit for the plan year which is not less than 5 percent of compensation. ‘‘(3) DEFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) E
LIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLAN .—The term ‘eligible retirement plan’ has the mean-ing given such term by section 402(c)(8)(B), except that in the case of an account or an-nuity described in clause (i) or (ii) thereof, such term shall only include an account or annuity which is a simplified employee pen-sion (as defined in section 408(k)). ‘‘(B) F
INAL AVERAGE PAY .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B)(i)(II), final average pay shall be determined using the period of con-secutive years (not exceeding 5) during which the employee had the greatest compensation from the applicable employer. ‘‘(C) A
LTERNATIVE PLAN DESIGNS .—The Sec- retary may prescribe regulations for an ap-plicable employer to meet the requirements of this subsection through a combination of defined contribution plans or defined benefit plans described in paragraph (1) or through a combination of both such types of plans. ‘‘(D) P
LANS MUST MEET REQUIREMENTS WITH -
OUT TAKING INTO ACCOUNT SOCIAL SECURITY  
AND SIMILAR CONTRIBUTIONS AND BENEFITS .—A rule similar to the rule of section 416(e) shall apply. ‘‘(E) C
ERTAIN EMPLOYEES MAY BE EX -
CLUDED .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B)(ii), an employer shall not be treated as failing to meet the requirements of this sub-section with respect to employees— ‘‘(i) who have not attained the age of 21 be-fore the close of a plan year, ‘‘(ii) who have less than 1 year of service with the employer as of any day during the plan year, ‘‘(iii) who are covered under an agreement which the Secretary of Labor finds to be a collective bargaining agreement if there is evidence that the benefits covered under the plan were the subject of good faith bar-gaining between employee representatives and the employer, or ‘‘(iv) who are described in section 410(b)(3)(C) (relating to nonresident aliens working outside the United States). ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) W
AGES .—The term ‘wages’ has the meaning given such term by section 3121(a) (determined without regard to any dollar limitation contained in such section). ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF TAX .—The Secretary shall prescribe such rules as necessary for the allocation of the tax imposed by sub-section (a) among different entities treated as a single employer under subsection (b)(1)(C).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of chapters of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to chapter 36 the following new item: ‘‘C
HAPTER 37—C ORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY  T
AX’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to calendar years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. SA 1653. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 11002 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 11002. ADJUSTMENT TO CORPORATE TAX RATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11(b), as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘22 per-cent’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO  I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENTS .— (1) The following provisions, as added or amended by this Act, are each amended by striking ‘‘for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subpara-graph (A)(ii) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘cal-endar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’: (A) Section 1(j)(3)(B)(i). (B) Section 63(c)(7)(B)(ii)(II). (C) Section 199A(e)(2)(B)(ii). (D) Section 447(d)(2)(D)(ii)(II). (E) Section 448(c)(4)(B)(ii). (F) Section 461(l)(3)(B)(ii). (G) Section 883(d)(2)(B). (2) The following provisions, as added or amended by this Act, are each amended by inserting ‘‘, determined by substituting ‘cal-endar year 2016’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof’’ after ‘‘begins’’: (A) Section 24(h)(6)(B)(ii). (B) Section 954(b)(3)(D)(ii). (3) The following provisions, as added or amended by this Act, are each amended by striking ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subpara-graph (B)’’: (A) Section 642(b)(2)(C)(iii)(ii)(bb). (B) Section 3402(a)(3)(B)(ii). (C) Section 6334(d)(4)(C)(ii). (4) Section 1(f)(2)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, determined by substituting ‘1992’ for ‘2016’ in paragraph (3)(A)(ii)’’. 
SA 1654. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike sections 11049 and 11050 and and in-sert the following: 
SEC. 11002. ADJUSTMENT TO CORPORATE TAX RATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11(b), as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘21 per-cent’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SA 1655. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.042 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7480 November 29, 2017 
SEC. ll. AUTHORITY TO ISSUE GUIDANCE CLARIFYING EMPLOYMENT STATUS FOR PURPOSES OF EMPLOYMENT TAXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 25 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 3512. AUTHORITY TO ISSUE GUIDANCE CLARIFYING EMPLOYMENT STATUS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as the Secretary determines to be necessary or appropriate to clarify the proper employ-ment status of individuals for purposes of any tax imposed by this subtitle. ‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION ON RETROACTIVE ASSESS -
MENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), if— ‘‘(A) for purposes of any tax imposed by this subtitle, the taxpayer did not treat an individual as an employee for any period be-fore the reclassification date with respect to such individual, and ‘‘(B) in the case of periods after December 31, 1978, and before such reclassification date, all Federal tax returns (including informa-tion returns) required to be filed by the tax-payer with respect to such individual for such period are filed on a basis consistent with the taxpayer’s treatment of such indi-vidual as not being an employee, then, for purposes of applying such taxes for such period before such reclassification date with respect to the taxpayer, the individual shall be deemed not to be an employee unless the taxpayer had no reasonable basis for not treating such individual as an employee. ‘‘(2) P
ROFESSIONAL SERVICES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual who performs professional services, if— ‘‘(i) for purposes of any tax imposed by this subtitle, the taxpayer did not treat the indi-vidual as an employee for any period, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of periods after December 31, 1978, all Federal tax returns (including in-formation returns) required to be filed by the taxpayer with respect to such individual for such period are filed on a basis consistent with the taxpayer’s treatment of such indi-vidual as not being an employee, then, for purposes of applying such taxes for such period with respect to the taxpayer, the individual shall be deemed not be an em-ployee unless the taxpayer had no reasonable basis for not treating such individual as an employee. For purposes of this subparagraph, professional services means services per-formed in the fields of health, law, engineer-ing, architecture, accounting, actuarial science, consulting, or financial services. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION TO FULL -TIME LIFE INSUR -
ANCE SALESMEN .—For purposes of this sub-title (with the exception of chapter 21), an individual shall not excluded from the appli-cation of subparagraph (A) due solely to treatment of such individual by the taxpayer as an employee, including for purposes of tax returns, to the extent required under section 3121(d)(3)(B). ‘‘(3) S
TATUTORY STANDARDS PROVIDING ONE  
METHOD OF SATISFYING THE REQUIREMENTS OF  
PARAGRAPHS (1) AND (2) .—For purposes of paragraphs (1) and (2), a taxpayer shall in any case be treated as having a reasonable basis for not treating an individual as an em-ployee for a period if the taxpayer’s treat-ment of such individual for such period was in reasonable reliance on any of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Judicial precedent, published rulings, technical advice with respect to the tax-payer, or a letter ruling to the taxpayer. ‘‘(B) A past Internal Revenue Service audit of the taxpayer in which there was no assess-ment attributable to the treatment (for pur-poses of any tax imposed by this subtitle) of the individuals holding positions substan-tially similar to the position held by such in-dividual. ‘‘(C) Long-standing recognized practice of a significant segment of the industry in which such individual was engaged. ‘‘(4) CONSISTENCY REQUIRED IN THE CASE OF  
PRIOR TAX TREATMENT .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to the treatment of any individual (hereafter in this paragraph referred to as the reclassified individual) for purposes of any tax imposed by this subtitle for any period ending after December 31, 1978, if the taxpayer (or a predecessor) has treated any individual holding a substan-tially similar position as an employee for purposes of any tax imposed by this subtitle for any period beginning after December 31, 1977, and ending before the reclassification date with respect to such reclassified indi-vidual. ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) R
ECLASSIFICATION DATE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘reclassifica-tion date’ means, with respect to any indi-vidual, the earlier of— ‘‘(i) the first day of the first calendar quar-ter beginning more than 180 days after the date of an employee classification deter-mination with respect to such individual, or ‘‘(ii) the effective date of the first applica-ble final regulation issued by the Secretary under subsection (a) with respect to such in-dividual (or, if later, the first day of the first calendar quarter beginning more than 180 days after such regulation is issued). ‘‘(B) E
MPLOYEE CLASSIFICATION DETERMINA -
TION.—The term ‘employee classification de-termination’ means, with respect to any in-dividual, a determination by the Secretary, in connection with an audit of the taxpayer which is described in section 7436 and which commences after the date which is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, that a class of individuals holding posi-tions with such taxpayer which are substan-tially similar to the position held by such in-dividual are employees. ‘‘(C) F
IRST APPLICABLE FINAL REGULATION .— The term ‘first applicable final regulation’ means, with respect to any individual, the first final regulation (or other guidance of general applicability) which sets forth the factors for determining the employment sta-tus of a class of individuals holding positions substantially similar to the position held by such individual. ‘‘(2) E
MPLOYMENT STATUS .—The term ‘em-ployment status’ means the status of an in-dividual, under the usual common law rules applicable in determining the employer-em-ployee relationship, as an employee or as an independent contractor (or other individual who is not an employee). ‘‘(d) C
ONTINUATION OF CERTAIN SPECIAL  R
ULES .— ‘‘(1) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN SKILLED WORK -
ERS.—Subsection (b) shall not apply in the case of an individual who, pursuant to an ar-rangement between the taxpayer and an-other person, provides services for such other person as an engineer, designer, drafter, computer programmer, systems analyst, or other similarly skilled worker engaged in a similar line of work. ‘‘(2) N
OTICE OF AVAILABILITY OF SECTION .— An officer or employee of the Internal Rev-enue Service shall, before or at the com-mencement of any audit inquiry relating to the employment status of one or more indi-viduals who perform services for the tax-payer, provide the taxpayer with a written notice of the provisions of this section. ‘‘(3) R
ULES RELATING TO STATUTORY STAND -
ARDS .—For purposes of subsection (b)(3)— ‘‘(A) a taxpayer may not rely on an audit commenced after December 31, 1996, for pur-poses of subparagraph (B) thereof unless such audit included an examination for purposes of any tax imposed by this subtitle whether the individual involved (or any individual holding a position substantially similar to the position held by the individual involved) should be treated as an employee of the tax-payer, ‘‘(B) in no event shall the significant seg-ment requirement of subparagraph (C) there-of be construed to require a reasonable show-ing of the practice of more than 25 percent of the industry (determined by not taking into account the taxpayer), and ‘‘(C) in applying the long-standing recog-nized practice requirement of subparagraph (C) thereof— ‘‘(i) such requirement shall not be con-strued as requiring the practice to have con-tinued for more than 10 years, and ‘‘(ii) a practice shall not fail to be treated as long-standing merely because such prac-tice began after 1978. ‘‘(4) AVAILABILITY OF SAFE HARBORS .—Noth- ing in this section shall be construed to pro-vide that subsection (b) only applies where the individual involved is otherwise an em-ployee of the taxpayer. ‘‘(5) B
URDEN OF PROOF .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If— ‘‘(i) a taxpayer establishes a prima facie case that it was reasonable not to treat an individual as an employee for purposes of subsection (b), and ‘‘(ii) the taxpayer has fully cooperated with reasonable requests from the Secretary, then the burden of proof with respect to such treatment shall be on the Secretary. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR OTHER REASONABLE  
BASIS .—In the case of any issue involving whether the taxpayer had a reasonable basis not to treat an individual as an employee for purposes of subsection (b), subparagraph (A) shall only apply for purposes of determining whether the taxpayer meets the require-ments of subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of sub-section (b)(3). ‘‘(6) P
RESERVATION OF PRIOR PERIOD SAFE  
HARBOR .—If— ‘‘(A) an individual would (but for the treat-ment referred to in subparagraph (B)) be deemed not to be an employee of the tax-payer under subsection (b) for any prior pe-riod, and ‘‘(B) such individual is treated by the tax-payer as an employee for purposes of the taxes imposed by this subtitle for any subse-quent period, then, for purposes of applying such taxes for such prior period with respect to the tax-payer, the individual shall be deemed not to be an employee. ‘‘(7) S
UBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR POSITION .—For purposes of subsection (b) and this sub-section, the determination as to whether an individual holds a position substantially similar to a position held by another indi-vidual shall include consideration of the re-lationship between the taxpayer and such in-dividuals. ‘‘(8) T
REATMENT OF TEST ROOM SUPERVISORS  
AND PROCTORS WHO ASSIST IN THE ADMINISTRA -
TION OF COLLEGE ENTRANCE AND PLACEMENT  
EXAMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual described in subparagraph (B) who is providing services as a test proctor or room supervisor by assisting in the administration of college entrance or placement examina-tions, subsection (b) shall be applied to such services performed after December 31, 2006 (and remuneration paid for such services) without regard to paragraph (4) thereof. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY .—An individual is de-scribed in this subparagraph if the indi-vidual— ‘‘(i) is providing the services described in subsection (b) to an organization described 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.041 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7481 November 29, 2017 
in section 501(c) and exempt from tax under section 501(a), and ‘‘(ii) is not otherwise treated as an em-ployee of such organization for purposes of this subtitle. ‘‘(9) T
REATMENT OF SECURITIES BROKER  
DEALERS .—In determining for purposes of this title whether a registered representative of a securities broker-dealer is an employee (as defined in section 3121(d)), no weight shall be given to instructions from the serv-ice recipient which are imposed only in com-pliance with investor protection standards imposed by the Federal Government, any State government, or a governing body pur-suant to a delegation by a Federal or State agency. ‘‘(e) S
TATEMENTS TO INDEPENDENT CON-
TRACTORS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each person who con-tracts for the services of an independent con-tractor on a regular and ongoing basis, with-in the scope of such person’s trade or busi-ness, shall provide a written statement to such independent contractor notifying such independent contractor of the Federal tax obligations of an independent contractor, the labor and employment law protections that do not apply to independent contractors, and the right of such independent contractor to seek a status determination from the Inter-nal Revenue Service. ‘‘(2) I
NDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘inde-pendent contractor’ means any individual who is not treated as an employee by the person receiving the services referred to in paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) T
IMING OF STATEMENT .—Except as oth-erwise provided by the Secretary, the state-ment required under paragraph (1) shall be provided within a reasonable period before or after entering into the arrangement for serv-ices referred to in paragraph (1). ‘‘(4) D
EVELOPMENT OF MODEL STATEMENT .— The Secretary shall develop model materials for providing the statement required under paragraph (1).’’. (b) R
EDUCED PENALTY NOTAPPLICABLE IN  C
ASES OF NONCOMPLIANCE WITH GUIDANCE  W
ITHOUT REASONABLE BASIS.—Subsection (c) of section 3509 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘if such liability’’ and in-serting ‘‘if— ‘‘(1) such liability’’, and (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘, or ‘‘(2) such liability relates to an individual who is treated as an employee under regula-tions or other guidance issued by the Sec-retary under section 3512(a) and the taxpayer lacks a reasonable basis for treating the in-dividual as other than an employee. In the case of a taxpayer which has received a final written determination from the Inter-nal Revenue Service holding that the indi-vidual referred to in paragraph (2) (or an-other individual who holds a position with the taxpayer substantially similar to the po-sition held by such individual) is an em-ployee, such taxpayer shall be treated for purposes of paragraph (2) as lacking a rea-sonable basis for treating such individual as other than an employee with respect to peri-ods beginning on and after the first day of the first calendar quarter beginning more than 180 days after the date of such written determination unless the taxpayer estab-lishes by clear and convincing evidence that the taxpayer has a reasonable basis for such treatment.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Paragraph (2) of section 6724(d), as amended by this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (II), by striking the period at the end of subpara-graph (JJ) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by in-serting after subparagraph (JJ) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(KK) section 3512(e) (relating to state-ments to independent contractors).’’. (2) Paragraph (2) of section 7436(a) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (a) of sec-tion 530 of the Revenue Act of 1978’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 3512(b)’’. (3) The table of sections for chapter 25 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 3512. Authority to issue guidance clarifying employment sta-tus.’’. (d) TERMINATION OF SECTION 530 OF THE  R
EVENUE ACT OF 1978.—The Revenue Act of 1978 is amended by striking section 530. (e) R
EPORTS ON WORKER  M
ISCLASSIFICATION .—Beginning with the first fiscal year beginning after the date the first regulation or other guidance is issued for public comment under section 3512(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this section), the Commissioner of the Inter-nal Revenue Service shall issue the following reports: (1) A report each fiscal year on worker classification which shall include the total number of examinations of employers initi-ated because of suspected worker classifica-tion issues, the total number of examina-tions that included determinations on work-er classification issues, the amount of addi-tional tax liabilities associated with worker classification enforcement actions, the num-ber of workers reclassified as a result of these actions, the number of requests for De-termination of Worker Status (Form SS–8), and technical guidance on how to understand the data provided in the report. (2) A report each fiscal year in which new statistically valid data is compiled and in-terpreted on worker classification, prepared on the basis of information gathered during an Employment Tax Study conducted by the National Research Program (NRP) of the In-ternal Revenue Service. Such report shall provide statistical estimates of the number of employers misclassifying workers, the number of workers misclassified, the indus-tries involved, data interpretations and con-clusions, and a description of the impact of improper worker classification on the em-ployment tax gap. (f) T
ERMINATION OF SECTION 921 OF THE TAX-
PAYER RELIEF ACT OF 1997.—The Taxpayer Relief Act of 1997 is amended by striking sec-tion 921. (g) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— (1) D
ELAYED EFFECTIVE DATE OF REGULA -
TIONS AND GUIDANCE .—Any regulation or other guidance issued under section 3512(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by this section, shall not apply to services rendered before the date which is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) A
UTHORITY TO ISSUE REGULATIONS AND  
GUIDANCE IMMEDIATELY .—So much of the amendment made by subsection (d) as re-lates to subsection (b) of section 530 of the Revenue Act of 1978 shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) D
ELAYED TERMINATION OF REMAINDER OF  
SECTION 530 OF THE REVENUE ACT OF 1978 .—Ex- cept as provided in paragraph (2), the amend-ment made by subsection (d) shall apply to services rendered on or after the date which is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (4) S
TATEMENTS TO INDEPENDENT CONTRAC -
TORS .—Subsection (e) of section 3512 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by this section, and the amendments made by subsection (c)(1) of this section shall apply to arrangements for services entered into after December 31, 2017. (5) A
PPLICATION OF REDUCED PENALTY .—The amendments made by subsection (b) shall apply to any calendar year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. SA 1656. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part IX of subtitle C of title I, insert the following: Subpart C—Stop Price Gouging Act 
SEC. 13831. SHORT TITLE. 
This subpart may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Price Gouging Act’’. 
SEC. 13832. IDENTIFICATION OF PRESCRIPTION DRUG PRICE SPIKES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPLICABLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘appli-cable entity’’ means the holder of an applica-tion approved under subsection (c) or (j) of section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355) or of a license issued under subsection (a) or (k) of section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262) for a drug described in paragraph (5)(A). (2) A
VERAGE MANUFACTURER PRICE .—The term ‘‘average manufacturer price’’— (A) has the same meaning given such term under section 1927(k)(1) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–8(k)(1)); or (B) with respect to a drug for which there is no average manufacturer price as so de-fined, such term shall mean the wholesale acquisition cost of the drug. (3) C
OMMERCE .—The term ‘‘commerce’’ has the meaning given such term in section 4 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 44). (4) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Inspec-tor General’’ means the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Serv-ices. (5) P
RESCRIPTION DRUG .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘prescription drug’’ means any drug (as defined in section 201(g) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 321(g))), including a combination product whose primary mode of action is determined under section 503(g) of such Act (21 U.S.C. 353(g)) to be that of a drug, and that— (i) is subject to section 503(b)(1) of the Fed-eral Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 353(b)(1)); and (ii) is covered by a Federal health care pro-gram (as defined in section 1128B(f) of the So-cial Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7b(f))). (B) T
REATMENT OF REFORMULATED DRUGS .— For purposes of this section, a prescription drug with respect to which the Secretary of Health and Human Services has approved any minor reformulation that does not produce a meaningful therapeutic benefit, the drug that was approved prior to any such reformulation and the drug with any such re-formulation shall be considered one prescrip-tion drug. (6) P
RICE SPIKE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘price spike’’ means an increase in the average manufac-turer price in commerce of a prescription drug for which the price spike percentage is equal to or greater than applicable price in-crease allowance. (B) P
RICE SPIKE PERCENTAGE .—The price spike percentage is the percentage (if any) by which— (i) the average manufacturer price of a pre-scription drug in commerce for the calendar year; exceeds (ii) the average manufacturer price of such prescription drug in commerce for the cal-endar year preceding such year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.041 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7482 November 29, 2017 
(C) A PPLICABLE PRICE INCREASE ALLOW -
ANCE .—The applicable price increase allow-ance for any calendar year is the percentage (rounded to the nearest one-tenth of 1 per-cent) by which the medical care consumer price index detailed expenditure category for all urban consumers (United States city av-erage) for that year exceed such index for the preceding calendar year. (7) P
RICE SPIKE REVENUE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The price spike revenue for any calendar year is an amount equal to— (i) the gross price spike revenue, minus (ii) the adjustment amount. (B) G
ROSS PRICE SPIKE REVENUE .—The gross price spike revenue for any calendar year is an amount equal to the product of— (i) an amount equal to the difference be-tween clause (i) of paragraph (6)(B) and clause (ii) of such paragraph; and (ii) the total number of units of the pre-scription drug which were sold in commerce in such calendar year. (C) A
DJUSTMENT AMOUNT .—The adjustment amount is the amount, if any, of the gross price spike revenue which the Inspector Gen-eral has determined is due solely to an in-crease in the cost of the inputs necessary to manufacture the prescription drug subject to the price spike. (b) S
UBMISSION BY PHARMACEUTICAL COMPA -
NIES OF INFORMATION TO INSPECTOR GEN-
ERAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For each prescription drug, the applicable entity shall submit to the Inspector General a quarterly report that includes the following: (A) For each prescription drug of the appli-cable entity— (i) the total number of units of the pre-scription drug which were sold in commerce in the preceding calendar quarter; (ii) the average and median price per unit of such prescription drug in commerce in the preceding calendar quarter, disaggregated by month; and (iii) the gross revenues from sales of such prescription drug in commerce in the pre-ceding calendar quarter. (B) Such information related to increased input costs or public health considerations as the applicable entity may wish the Inspec-tor General to consider in making a deter-mination under clause (ii) of subsection (c)(2)(B) or an assessment in clause (iii) of such subsection for the preceding calendar quarter. (C) Such information related to any antici-pated increased input costs for the subse-quent calendar quarter as the applicable en-tity may wish the Inspector General to con-sider in making a determination under clause (ii) of subsection (c)(2)(B) or an assess-ment in clause (iii) of such subsection for such calendar quarter. (2) P
ENALTY FOR FAILURE TO SUBMIT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An applicable entity de-scribed in paragraph (1) that fails to submit information to the Inspector General regard-ing a prescription drug, as required by such paragraph, before the date specified in para-graph (3) shall be liable for a civil penalty, as determined under subparagraph (B). (B) A
MOUNT OF PENALTY .—The amount of the civil penalty shall be equal to the prod-uct of— (i) an amount, as determined appropriate by the Inspector General, which is— (I) not less than 0.5 percent of the gross revenues from sales of the prescription drug described in subparagraph (A) for the pre-ceding calendar year, and (II) not greater than 1 percent of the gross revenues from sales of such prescription drug for the preceding calendar year, and (ii) the number of days in the period be-tween— (I) the applicable date specified in para-graph (3), and (II) the date on which the Inspector Gen-eral receives the information described in paragraph (1) from the applicable entity. (3) SUBMISSION DEADLINE .—An applicable entity shall submit each quarterly report de-scribed in paragraph (1) not later than Janu-ary 17, April 18, June 15, and September 15 of each calendar year. (c) A
SSESSMENT BY INSPECTOR GENERAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the last day in February of each year, the Inspector General, in consultation with other relevant Federal agencies (including the Federal Trade Commission), shall— (A) complete an assessment of the informa-tion the Inspector General received pursuant to subsection (b)(1) with respect to sales of prescription drugs in the preceding calendar year; and (B) in the case of any prescription drug which satisfies the conditions described in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (d), submit a recommendation to the Secretary of Health and Human Services that such drug be exempted from application of the tax im-posed under section 4192 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 (as added by section 13833 of this Act) for such year. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required by paragraph (1)(A) shall include the following: (A) Identification of each price spike relat-ing to a prescription drug in the preceding calendar year. (B) For each price spike identified under subparagraph (A)— (i) a determination of the price spike rev-enue; (ii) a determination regarding the accu-racy of the information submitted by the ap-plicable entity regarding increased input costs; and (iii) an assessment of the rationale of the applicable entity for the price spike. (d) E
XEMPTION OF CERTAIN DRUGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, upon recommendation of the Inspector General pursuant to sub-section (c)(1)(B), may exempt any prescrip-tion drug which has been subject to a price spike during the preceding calendar year from application of the tax imposed under section 4192 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for such year, if the Secretary deter-mines that— (A) based on information submitted pursu-ant to subsection (b)(1)(B), a for-cause price increase exemption should apply; or (B)(i) the prescription drug which has been subject to a price spike has an average man-ufacturer price of not greater than $10 for a 30 day supply; and (ii) such drug is marketed by not less than 3 other holders of applications approved under subsection (c) or (j) of section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355), where such applications ap-proved under such subsection (j) use as a ref-erence drug the drug so approved under such subsection (c). (2) C
LARIFICATION .—In considering, under paragraph (1)(A), information submitted pur-suant to subsection (b)(1)(B), the Secretary— (A) has the discretion to determine that such information does not warrant a for- cause price increase exemption; and (B) shall exclude from such consideration any information submitted by the applicable entity threatening to curtail or limit pro-duction of the prescription drug if the Sec-retary does not grant an exemption from the application of the tax under section 4192 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (e) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT TO INTER -
NALREVENUE SERVICE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), not later than the last day in February of each year, the Inspector General shall trans-mit to the Internal Revenue Service a report on the findings of the Inspector General with respect to the information the Inspector General received under subsection (b)(1) with respect to the preceding calendar year and the assessment carried out by the Inspector General under subsection (c)(1)(A) with re-spect to such information. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report transmitted under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: (A) The information received under sub-section (b)(1) with respect to the preceding calendar year. (B) The price spikes identified under sub-paragraph (A) of subsection (c)(2). (C) The price spike revenue determinations made under subparagraph (B)(i) of such sub-section. (D) The determinations and assessments made under clauses (ii) and (iii) of subpara-graph (B) of such subsection. (3) N
OTICE AND OPPORTUNITY FOR HEARING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—No report shall be trans-mitted to the Internal Revenue Service under paragraph (1) in regards to a prescrip-tion drug unless the Inspector General has provided the applicable entity with— (i) the assessment of such drug under sub-section (c)(1)(A); and (ii) notice of their right to a hearing in re-gards to such assessment. (B) N
OTICE .—The notice required under subparagraph (A) shall be provided to the ap-plicable entity not later than 30 days after completion of the assessment under sub-section (c)(1)(A). (C) R
EQUEST FOR HEARING .—Subject to sub-paragraph (E), an applicable entity may re-quest a hearing before the Secretary of Health and Human Services not later than 30 days after the date on which the notice under subparagraph (B) is received. (D) C
OMPLETION OF HEARING .—In the case of an applicable entity which requests a hear-ing pursuant to subparagraph (C), the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services shall, not later than 12 months after the date on which the assessment under subsection (c)(1)(A) was completed by the Inspector General— (i) make a final determination in regards the accuracy of such assessment; and (ii) provide the report described in para-graph (2) to the Internal Revenue Service. (E) L
IMITATION .—An applicable entity may request a hearing under subparagraph (C) with respect to a particular prescription drug only once within a 5-year period. (4) P
UBLICATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the last day in February of each year, subject to sub-paragraph (B), the Inspector General shall make the report transmitted under para-graph (1) available to the public, including on the Internet website of the Inspector Gen-eral, subject to subparagraph (B). (B) P
ROPRIETARY INFORMATION .—The In- spector General shall ensure that any infor-mation made public in accordance with sub-paragraph (A) excludes trade secrets and confidential commercial information. (f) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary of the Treasury, in conjunction with the Inspector General, shall notify, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary of the Treas-ury shall provide, each applicable entity in regard to any prescription drug which has been determined to have been subject to a price spike during the preceding calendar year and the amount of the tax imposed on such applicable entity pursuant to section 4192 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.043 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7483 November 29, 2017 
SEC. 13833. EXCISE TAX ON PRESCRIPTION DRUGS SUBJECT TO PRICE SPIKES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter E of chapter 32 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4192. PRESCRIPTION DRUGS SUBJECT TO PRICE SPIKES. 
‘‘(a) I MPOSITION OF TAX.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (3), for each taxable prescription drug sold by an applicable entity during the calendar year, there is hereby imposed on such entity a tax equal to the greater of— ‘‘(A) the annual price spike tax for such prescription drug, or ‘‘(B) subject to paragraph (2), the cumu-lative price spike tax for such prescription drug. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—In the case of a taxable prescription drug for which the applicable period (as determined under subsection (c)(2)(E)(i)) is less than 2 calendar years, the cumulative price spike tax shall not apply. ‘‘(3) E
XEMPTION .—For any calendar year in which the Secretary of Health and Human Services has provided an exemption for a taxable prescription drug pursuant to sec-tion 13832(d) of the Stop Price Gouging Act, the amount of the tax determined under paragraph (1) for such drug or device for such calendar year shall be reduced to zero. ‘‘(b) A
NNUAL PRICE SPIKE TAX.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of the an-nual price spike tax shall be equal to the ap-plicable percentage of the price spike rev-enue received by the applicable entity on the sale of the taxable prescription drug during the calendar year. ‘‘(2) APPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For pur- poses of paragraph (1), the applicable per-centage shall be equal to— ‘‘(A) in the case of a taxable prescription drug which has been subject to a price spike percentage greater than the applicable price increase allowance (as defined in section 13832(a)(6)(C) of the Stop Price Gouging Act) but less than 15 percent, 50 percent, ‘‘(B) in the case of a taxable prescription drug which has been subject to a price spike percentage equal to or greater than 15 per-cent but less than 20 percent, 75 percent, and ‘‘(C) in the case of a taxable prescription drug which has been subject to a price spike percentage equal to or greater than 20 per-cent, 100 percent. ‘‘(c) C
UMULATIVE PRICE SPIKE TAX.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of the cu-mulative price spike tax shall be equal to the applicable percentage of the cumulative price spike revenue received by the applica-ble entity on the sale of the taxable prescrip-tion drug during the calendar year. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-graph (1), the applicable percentage shall be equal to— ‘‘(i) in the case of a taxable prescription drug which has been subject to a cumulative price spike percentage greater than the cu-mulative price increase allowance but less than the first compounded percentage, 50 percent, ‘‘(ii) in the case of a taxable prescription drug which has been subject to a cumulative price spike percentage equal to or greater than the first compounded percentage but less than the second compounded percentage, 75 percent, and ‘‘(iii) in the case of a taxable prescription drug which has been subject to a cumulative price spike percentage equal to or greater than the second compounded percentage, 100 percent. ‘‘(B) CUMULATIVE PRICE SPIKE PERCENT -
AGE.—The cumulative price spike percentage is the percentage (if any) by which— ‘‘(i) the average manufacturer price of the taxable prescription drug in commerce for the preceding calendar year, exceeds ‘‘(ii) the average manufacturer price of such prescription drug in commerce for the base year. ‘‘(C) C
UMULATIVE PRICE INCREASE ALLOW -
ANCE .—For purposes of clause (i) of subpara-graph (A), the cumulative price increase al-lowance for any calendar year is the percent-age (rounded to the nearest one-tenth of 1 percent) by which the medical care consumer price index detailed expenditure category for all urban consumers (United States city av-erage) for that year exceeds such index for the preceding calendar year. ‘‘(D) C
OMPOUNDED PERCENTAGES .—For pur- poses of subparagraph (A), the first com-pounded percentage and second compounded percentage shall be determined in accord-ance with the following table: ‘‘Number of years in applicable period First com-pounded percentage Second compounded percentage 
2 years ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 32.25 44.00 3 years ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 52.09 72.80 4 years ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 74.90 107.36 5 years ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... ......................... 101.14 148.83. 
‘‘(E) A PPLICABLE PERIOD AND BASE YEAR .— ‘‘(i) A
PPLICABLE PERIOD .—The applicable period shall be the lesser of— ‘‘(I) the 5 preceding calendar years, ‘‘(II) all calendar years beginning after the date of enactment of this section, or ‘‘(III) all calendar years in which the tax-able prescription drug was sold in commerce. ‘‘(ii) B
ASE YEAR .—The base year shall be the calendar year immediately preceding the applicable period. ‘‘(3) C
UMULATIVE PRICE SPIKE REVENUE .— For purposes of paragraph (1), the cumu-lative price spike revenue for any taxable prescription drug shall be an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) an amount equal to the product of— ‘‘(i) an amount (not less than zero) equal to— ‘‘(I) the average manufacturer price of such prescription drug in commerce for the pre-ceding calendar year, minus ‘‘(II) the average manufacturer price of such prescription drug in commerce for the base year, and ‘‘(ii) the total number of units of such pre-scription drug which were sold in commerce in the preceding calendar year, minus ‘‘(B) an amount equal to the sum of the ad-justment amounts, if any, determined under section 13832(a)(7)(C) of the Stop Price Gouging Act for each calendar year during the applicable period. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) T
AXABLE PRESCRIPTION DRUG .—The term ‘taxable prescription drug’ means a pre-scription drug (as defined in section 13832(a)(5) of the Stop Price Gouging Act) which has been identified by the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, under section 13832(c)(2)(A) of such Act, as being subject to a price spike. ‘‘(2) OTHER TERMS .—The terms ‘applicable entity’, ‘average manufacturer price’, ‘price spike’, ‘price spike percentage’, and ‘price spike revenue’ have the same meaning given such terms under section 13832(a) of the Stop Price Gouging Act.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) The heading of subchapter E of chapter 32 is amended by striking ‘‘Medical Devices’’ and inserting ‘‘Certain Medical Devices and Prescription Drugs’’. (2) The table of subchapters for chapter 32 is amended by striking the item relating to subchapter E and inserting the following new item: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER E . CERTAIN MEDICAL DEVICES  
AND PRESCRIPTION DRUGS ’’. (3) The table of sections for subchapter E of chapter 32 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4192. Prescription drugs subject to price spikes.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to sales after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 13834. STUDY ON MONOPOLY MEDICAL PRODUCTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study that examines— (1) how drug manufacturers and health plans (including private insurers, the Medi-care program, and State Medicaid programs) establish initial launch prices for newly ap-proved drugs; and (2) alternative methods that have been pro-posed for setting the price of new drugs. (b) STUDY OF SPECIFIC DRUGS .—As part of the study described in subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall examine drug pricing with respect to several drugs ap-proved within the 5-year period immediately preceding the date of enactment of this Act and explore potential alternative approaches to establish new drug prices that could help make new drugs more affordable, better re-flect the clinical value of such drugs in treating patients, and maintain incentives for innovation. (c) F
ACTORS .—In conducting the study de-scribed in subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall consider— (1) what factors drug manufacturers and health plans consider in establishing initial launch prices; (2) how initial pricing decisions by drug manufacturers and health plans affect costs and use of services for patients and public programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; (3) efforts by health plans to limit costs, including through benefit design or coverage limitations; (4) how prices change in the first few years following a new drug’s launch; and (5) recommendations manufacturers, health plans, and other experts have for al-ternative approaches to establishing new drug prices and the benefits and challenges associated with such alternative approaches. 
SEC. 13835. REVENUES COLLECTED. 
There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Health and Human Services such sums as are equal to any increase in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.043 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7484 November 29, 2017 
revenue to the Treasury by reason of the pro-visions of this Act or the amendments made by this Act for the purposes of increasing amounts available to the National Institutes of Health for research and development of drugs. 
SA 1657. Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. I
NHOFE ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 11061 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 11061. REPEAL OF ESTATE AND GENERA-TION-SKIPPING TRANSFER TAXES AND MODIFICATIONS OF GIFT TAX. 
(a) R EPEAL OF ESTATE AND GENERATION - 
SKIPPING TRANSFER TAXES .— (1) E
STATE TAX REPEAL .—Subchapter C of chapter 11 of subtitle B is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘SEC. 2210. TERMINATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), this chapter shall not apply to the estates of decedents dying on or after the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. ‘‘(b) C
ERTAIN DISTRIBUTIONS FROM QUALI-
FIED DOMESTIC TRUSTS .—In applying section 2056A with respect to the surviving spouse of a decedent dying before the date of the en-actment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act— ‘‘(1) section 2056A(b)(1)(A) shall not apply to distributions made after the 10-year pe-riod beginning on such date, and ‘‘(2) section 2056A(b)(1)(B) shall not apply on or after such date.’’. (2) G
ENERATION -SKIPPING TRANSFER TAX RE -
PEAL .—Subchapter G of chapter 13 of subtitle B is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2664. TERMINATION. 
‘‘This chapter shall not apply to genera-tion-skipping transfers on or after the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) The table of sections for subchapter C of chapter 11 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 2210. Termination.’’. (B) The table of sections for subchapter G of chapter 13 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 2664. Termination.’’. (4) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to the estates of decedents dying, and generation- skipping transfers, after December 31, 2017. (b) M
ODIFICATIONS OF GIFTTAX.— (1) C
OMPUTATION OF GIFT TAX .—Subsection (a) of section 2502 is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) C
OMPUTATION OF TAX.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The tax imposed by sec-tion 2501 for each calendar year shall be an amount equal to the excess of— ‘‘(A) a tentative tax, computed under para-graph (2), on the aggregate sum of the tax-able gifts for such calendar year and for each of the preceding calendar periods, over ‘‘(B) a tentative tax, computed under para-graph (2), on the aggregate sum of the tax-able gifts for each of the preceding calendar periods. ‘‘(2) R
ATE SCHEDULE .— 
‘‘If the amount with respect to which the tentative tax to be computed is: ............................................................... The tentative tax is: Not over $10,000 ............................................................................................................... .......................................... 18% of such amount. Over $10,000 but not over $20,000 .............................................................................................. .................................. $1,800, plus 20% of the ex-cess over $10,000. Over $20,000 but not over $40,000 .............................................................................................. .................................. $3,800, plus 22% of the ex-cess over $20,000. Over $40,000 but not over $60,000 .............................................................................................. .................................. $8,200, plus 24% of the ex-cess over $40,000. Over $60,000 but not over $80,000 .............................................................................................. .................................. $13,000, plus 26% of the excess over $60,000. Over $80,000 but not over $100,000 ............................................................................................. .................................. $18,200, plus 28% of the excess over $80,000. Over $100,000 but not over $150,000 ............................................................................................ ................................. $23,800, plus 30% of the excess over $100,000. Over $150,000 but not over $250,000 ............................................................................................ ................................. $38,800, plus 32% of the excess of $150,000. Over $250,000 but not over $500,000 ............................................................................................ ................................. $70,800, plus 34% of the excess over $250,000. Over $500,000 .................................................................................................................. ............................................ $155,800, plus 35% of the excess of $500,000.’’. (2) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN TRANSFERS IN  
TRUST .—Section 2511 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN TRANSFERS IN  T
RUST .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this section and except as provided in regulations, a transfer in trust shall be treated as a taxable gift under section 2503, unless the trust is treated as wholly owned by the donor or the donor’s spouse under sub-part E of part I of subchapter J of chapter 1.’’. (3) L
IFETIME GIFT EXEMPTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 2505(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) the amount of the tentative tax which would be determined under the rate schedule set forth in section 2502(a)(2) if the amount with respect to which such tentative tax is to be computed were $5,000,000, reduced by’’. (B) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—Section 2505 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any cal-endar year after 2011, the dollar amount in subsection (a)(1) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for such calendar year by substituting ‘calendar year 2010’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. ‘‘(2) ROUNDING .—If any amount as adjusted under paragraph (1) is not a multiple of $10,000, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $10,000.’’. (4) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 2505(a) is amended by striking the last sentence. (B) The heading for section 2505 is amended by striking ‘‘
UNIFIED ’’. (C) The item in the table of sections for subchapter A of chapter 12 relating to sec-tion 2505 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 2505. Credit against gift tax.’’. (5) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to gifts made after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1658. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. DETERMINATION OF WORKER CLAS-SIFICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 79 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘SEC. 7706. DETERMINATION OF WORKER CLASSI-FICATION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of this title (and notwithstanding any provision of this title not contained in this section to the contrary), if the requirements of subsections (b), (c), and (d) are met with respect to any service performed by a service provider, then with respect to such service— ‘‘(1) the service provider shall not be treat-ed as an employee, ‘‘(2) the service recipient shall not be treated as an employer, ‘‘(3) any payor shall not be treated as an employer, and ‘‘(4) the compensation paid or received for such service shall not be treated as paid or received with respect to employment. ‘‘(b) G
ENERAL SERVICE PROVIDER REQUIRE -
MENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The requirements of this subsection are met with respect to any serv-ice if the service provider either— ‘‘(A) meets the requirements of paragraph (2) with respect to such service, or ‘‘(B) in the case of a service provider en-gaged in the trade or business of selling (or soliciting the sale of) goods or services, meets the requirements of paragraph (3) with respect to such service. ‘‘(2) G
ENERAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The requirements of this paragraph are met with respect to any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.043 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7485 November 29, 2017 
service if the service provider, in connection with performing the service— ‘‘(i) incurs expenses— ‘‘(I) which are deductible under section 162, and ‘‘(II) a significant portion of which are not reimbursed, ‘‘(ii) agrees to perform the service for a particular amount of time, to achieve a spe-cific result, or to complete a specific task, and ‘‘(iii) satisfies not less than 1 of the factors described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) F
ACTORS .—The factors described in this subparagraph are the following: ‘‘(i) The service provider has a significant investment in assets or training which are applicable to the service performed. ‘‘(ii) The service provider is not required to perform services exclusively for the service recipient or payor. ‘‘(iii) The service provider has not been treated as an employee by the service recipi-ent or payor for substantially the same serv-ices during the 1-year period ending with the date of the commencement of services under the contract described in subsection (d). ‘‘(iv) The service provider is not com-pensated on a basis which is tied primarily to the number of hours actually worked. ‘‘(3) A
LTERNATIVE REQUIREMENTS WITH RE -
SPECT TO SALES PERSONS .—In the case of a service provider engaged in the trade or busi-ness of selling (or soliciting the sale of) goods or services, the requirements of this paragraph are met with respect to any serv-ice provided in the ordinary course of such trade or business if— ‘‘(A) the service provider is compensated primarily on a commission basis, and ‘‘(B) substantially all the compensation for such service is directly related to sales of goods or services rather than to the number of hours worked. ‘‘(c) P
LACE OF BUSINESS OR OWNEQUIPMENT  R
EQUIREMENT .—The requirement of this sub-section is met with respect to any service if the service provider— ‘‘(1) has a principal place of business, ‘‘(2) does not provide the service primarily in the service recipient’s place of business, ‘‘(3) pays a fair market rent for use of the service recipient’s or payor’s place of busi-ness, or ‘‘(4) provides the service primarily using equipment supplied by the service provider. ‘‘(d) W
RITTEN CONTRACT REQUIREMENT .— The requirements of this subsection are met with respect to any service if such service is performed pursuant to a written contract be-tween the service provider and the service recipient or payor, whichever is applicable, which meets the following requirements: ‘‘(1) The contract includes each of the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) The service provider’s name, taxpayer identification number, and address. ‘‘(B) A statement that the service provider will not be treated as an employee with re-spect to the services provided pursuant to the contract for purposes of this title. ‘‘(C) A statement that the service recipient or payor will withhold upon and report to the Internal Revenue Service the compensa-tion payable pursuant to the contract con-sistent with the requirements of this title. ‘‘(D) A statement that the service provider is responsible for payment of Federal, State, and local taxes, including self-employment taxes, on compensation payable pursuant to the contract. ‘‘(E) A statement that the contract is in-tended to be considered a contract described in this subsection. The contract shall not fail to meet the re-quirements of this paragraph merely because the information described in subparagraph (A) is collected at the time payment is made for the services and not in advance, or be-cause the contract provides that an agent of the service recipient or payor will fulfill any of the responsibilities of the service recipi-ent or payor described in the preceding sub-paragraphs. ‘‘(2) The term of the contract does not ex-ceed 2 years. The preceding sentence shall not prevent 1 or more subsequent written re-newals of the contract from satisfying the requirements of this subsection if the term of each such renewal does not exceed 2 years and if the information required under para-graph (1)(A) is updated in connection with each such renewal. ‘‘(3) The contract (or renewal) is signed (which may include signatures in electronic form) by the service recipient or payor and the service provider not later than the date on which the aggregate payments made by the service recipient or payor to the service provider exceeds $1,000 for the year covered by the contract (or renewal). ‘‘(e) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of making any determination with respect to the liabil-ity of a service recipient or payor for any tax during any taxable year with respect to a service provider, the application of this sec-tion shall be conditioned on either the serv-ice recipient or the payor satisfying the re-porting requirements applicable to such service recipient or payor under section 6041(a), 6041A(a), or 6050W with respect to such service provider for such period. ‘‘(2) R
EASONABLE CAUSE .—For purposes of paragraph (1), such reporting requirements shall be treated as met if the failure to sat-isfy such requirements is due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect. ‘‘(f) E
XCEPTION FOR SERVICES PROVIDED BY  O
WNER .—This section shall not apply with respect to any service provided by a service provider to a service recipient or payor if the service provider owns any interest in the service recipient or the payor with respect to the service provided. The preceding sentence shall not apply in the case of a service recipi-ent or payor the stock of which is regularly traded on an established securities market. ‘‘(g) L
IMITATION ON RECLASSIFICATION BY  S
ECRETARY .—For purposes of this title— ‘‘(1) E
FFECT OF RECLASSIFICATION ON SERV -
ICE RECIPIENTS AND PAYORS .—A determina-tion by the Secretary that a service recipi-ent or a payor should have treated a service provider as an employee shall be effective with respect to the service recipient or payor no earlier than the notice date if— ‘‘(A) the service recipient or the payor en-tered into a written contract with the serv-ice provider which meets the requirements of subsection (d), ‘‘(B) the service recipient or the payor sat-isfied the applicable reporting requirements of section 6041(a), 6041A(a), or 6050W for all relevant taxable years with respect to the service provider, ‘‘(C) the service recipient or the payor col-lected and paid over all applicable taxes im-posed under subtitle C for all relevant tax-able years with respect to the service pro-vider, and ‘‘(D) the service recipient or the payor demonstrates a reasonable basis for having determined that the service provider should not be treated as an employee under this sec-tion and that such determination was made in good faith. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF RECLASSIFICATION ON SERV -
ICE PROVIDERS .—A determination by the Sec-retary that a service provider should have been treated as an employee shall be effec-tive with respect to the service provider no earlier than the notice date if— ‘‘(A) the service provider entered into a written contract with the service recipient or the payor which meets the requirements of subsection (d), ‘‘(B) the service provider satisfied the ap-plicable reporting requirements of sections 6012(a) and 6017 for all relevant taxable years with respect to the service recipient or the payor, and ‘‘(C) the service provider demonstrates a reasonable basis for determining that the service provider is not an employee under this section and that such determination was made in good faith. ‘‘(3) NOTICE DATE .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘notice date’ means the 30thday after the earliest of— ‘‘(A) the date on which the first letter of proposed deficiency which allows the service provider, the service recipient, or the payor an opportunity for administrative review in the Internal Revenue Service Office of Ap-peals is sent, ‘‘(B) the date on which a deficiency notice under section 6212 is sent, or ‘‘(C) the date on which a notice of deter-mination under section 7436(b)(2) is sent. ‘‘(4) R
EASONABLE CAUSE EXCEPTION .—The requirements of paragraphs (1)(B), (1)(C), and (2)(B) shall be treated as met if the failure to satisfy such requirements is due to reason-able cause and not willful neglect. ‘‘(5) N
O RESTRICTION ON ADMINISTRATIVE OR  
JUDICIAL REVIEW .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed as limiting any provision of law which provides an opportunity for ad-ministrative or judicial review of a deter-mination by the Secretary. ‘‘(h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as— ‘‘(1) limiting the ability or right of a serv-ice provider, service recipient, or payor to apply any other provision of this title, sec-tion 530 of the Revenue Act of 1978, or any common law rules for determining whether an individual is an employee, or ‘‘(2) establishing a prerequisite for the ap-plication of any provision of law described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) S
ERVICE PROVIDER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘service pro-vider’ means any qualified person who per-forms service for another person. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED PERSON .—The term ‘quali-fied person’ means— ‘‘(i) any natural person, or ‘‘(ii) any entity if any of the services re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) are performed by 1 or more natural persons who directly own interests in such entity. ‘‘(2) S
ERVICE RECIPIENT .—The term ‘service recipient’ means the person for whom the service provider performs such service. ‘‘(3) P
AYOR .—The term ‘payor’ means— ‘‘(A) any person, including the service re-cipient, who pays the service provider for performing such service, or ‘‘(B) any marketplace platform, as defined in section 6050W(d)(3)(C). ‘‘(j) R
EGULATIONS .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 530(d) of the Revenue Act of 1978, the Secretary shall issue such regulations as the Secretary determines are necessary to carry out the purposes of this section.’’. (b) V
OLUNTARY WITHHOLDING AGREEMENTS  
AND WORKER CLASSIFICATION .—Section 3402(p) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) W
ORKER CLASSIFICATION .—Agreements under paragraph (3) shall not be taken into account in determining whether any party to such agreement is an employee or an em-ployer for purposes of this title.’’. (c) W
ITHHOLDING BY PAYOR IN CASE OF CER-
TAIN PERSONS CLASSIFIED AS NOTEMPLOY -
EES.—Section 3402, as amended by section 13603(b)(2) of this Act, is amended by redesig-nating subsection (t) as subsection (u) and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.051 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7486 November 29, 2017 
inserting after subsection (s) the following new subsection: ‘‘(t) E
XTENSION OF WITHHOLDING TO PAY-
MENTS TO CERTAIN PERSONS CLASSIFIED AS  N
OTEMPLOYEES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this chapter and so much of subtitle F as relates to this chapter, compensation paid pursuant to a contract described in section 7706(d) shall be treated as if it were a payment of wages by an employer to an employee. ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT WITHHELD .—Except as other-wise provided under subsection (i), the amount to be deducted and withheld pursu-ant to paragraph (1) with respect to com-pensation paid pursuant to any such con-tract during any calendar year shall be an amount equal to 5 percent of so much of the amount of such compensation as does not ex-ceed $20,000.’’. (d) D
IRECT SELLERS OF PROMOTIONAL PROD-
UCTS.—Subsection (b) of section 3508 is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(A)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end, (B) in clause (iii), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end, and (C) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing new clause: ‘‘(iv) is engaged in the trade or business of selling, or soliciting the sale of, promotional products from other than a permanent retail establishment,’’, (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4), and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) P
ROMOTIONAL PRODUCT .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(A)(iv), the term ‘pro-motional product’ means a tangible item with permanently marked promotional words, symbols, or art of the purchaser.’’. (e) R
EPORTING .— (1) I
NFORMATION AT SOURCE .—Section 6041 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘$600’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘$600 or more in any tax-able year’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000 or more in any taxable year’’, and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CERTAIN PERSONS  C
LASSIFIED AS NOTEMPLOYEES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any service recipient or payor required to make a return under subsection (a) with respect to com-pensation to which section 7706(a) applies— ‘‘(A) such return shall include— ‘‘(i) the aggregate amount of such com-pensation paid to each person whose name is required to be included on such return, ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount deducted and withheld under section 3402(t) with respect to such compensation, and ‘‘(iii) an indication of whether a copy of the contract described in section 7706(d) is on file with the service recipient or payor, and ‘‘(B) the statement required to be fur-nished under subsection (d) shall include the information described in subparagraph (A) with respect to the service provider to whom such statement is furnished. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .—Terms used in this sub-section which are also used in section 7706 shall have the same meaning as when used in such section.’’. (2) R
ETURNS REGARDING PAYMENTS OF REMU -
NERATION FOR SERVICES AND DIRECT SALES .— Section 6041A is amended— (A) in paragraph (2) of subsection (a), by striking ‘‘$600’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000’’, and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CERTAIN PERSONS  C
LASSIFIED AS NOTEMPLOYEES .—Rules simi-lar to the rules of subsection (h) of section 6041 shall apply for purposes of this sec-tion.’’. (3) RETURNS RELATING TO PAYMENTS MADE  
IN SETTLEMENT OF PAYMENT CARD AND THIRD  
PARTY NETWORK TRANSACTIONS .—Section 6050W is amended— (A) in subsection (d), by amending para-graph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) T
HIRD PARTY PAYMENT NETWORK .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘third party payment network’ means any agreement or arrangement— ‘‘(i) which involves the establishment of accounts with a central organization or mar-ketplace platform by a substantial number of persons who— ‘‘(I) are unrelated to such organization or platform, ‘‘(II) provide goods or services, and ‘‘(III) have agreed to settle transactions for the provision of such goods or services pursu-ant to such agreement or arrangement, ‘‘(ii) which provides for standards and mechanisms for settling such transactions, and ‘‘(iii) which guarantees persons providing goods or services pursuant to such agree-ment or arrangement that such persons will be paid for providing such goods or services. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The term ‘third party payment network’ shall not include any agreement or arrangement which provides for the issuance of payment cards. ‘‘(C) M
ARKETPLACE PLATFORM .—For pur- poses of subparagraph (A), the term ‘market-place platform’ means any person who— ‘‘(i) operates a digital website, mobile ap-plication, or similar system that facilitates the provision of goods or services by pro-viders to recipients, ‘‘(ii) enters into an agreement with each provider stating that such provider will not be treated as an employee with respect to such goods or services, ‘‘(iii) provides standards and mechanisms for settling such facilitated transactions, and ‘‘(iv) guarantees each provider of goods or services pursuant to such agreement that the provider will be paid for such facilitated transaction.’’, (B) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) E
XCEPTION FOR DEMINIMIS PAYMENTS  
BYTHIRD PARTY SETTLEMENT ORGANIZA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A third party settlement organization shall be required to report any information under subsection (a) with re-spect to third party network transactions of any participating payee only if the amount which would otherwise be reported under subsection (a)(2) with respect to such trans-actions exceeds $1,000. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .— ‘‘(A) M
ARKETPLACE PLATFORMS .—In the case of a third party settlement organization which is a marketplace platform (as defined in subsection (d)(3)(C)) through which sub-stantially all the participating payees are primarily engaged in the sale of goods, such marketplace platform shall be required to report any information under subsection (a) with respect to third party network trans-actions of such payee only if— ‘‘(i) the amount which would otherwise be reported under subsection (a)(2) with respect to such transaction exceeds $5,000, or ‘‘(ii) the aggregate number of transactions exceeds 50. ‘‘(B) O
THER THIRD PARTY SETTLEMENT ORGA -
NIZATIONS .—In the case of a third party set-tlement organization other than a market-place platform— ‘‘(i) the rules of subparagraph (A) shall apply in the case of information required to be reported, or which would otherwise be re-ported, under subsection (a) to any partici-pating payee who is primarily engaged in the sale of goods, and ‘‘(ii) the determination of whether a par-ticipating payee is primarily engaged in the sale of goods may be made separately for each participating payee. ‘‘(3) ELECTION TO REPORT .—Notwith- standing paragraphs (1) and (2), a third party settlement organization may elect to report any information under subsection (a) with respect to third party network transactions of any participating payee without regard to the amount reported under subsection (a)(2) with respect to such transactions or the ag-gregate number of such transactions.’’, and (C) in subsection (f)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end, (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) the amount, if any, withheld pursuant to section 3402(t).’’. (f) P
ROCEEDINGS FOR DETERMINATION OF EM-
PLOYMENT STATUS .—Paragraph (1) of section 7436(b) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) P
ETITIONER .—A pleading may be filed under this section only by— ‘‘(A) the person for whom the services are performed, including the service recipient or the payor, or ‘‘(B) any service provider which the Sec-retary has determined should have been treated as an employee. All terms used in this paragraph which are also used in section 7706 have the meanings given such terms in section 7706(i).’’. (g) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 79 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 7706. Determination of worker classi-fication.’’. (h) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), the amendments made by this section shall apply to services per-formed after December 31, 2017 (and to pay-ments made for such services after such date). (2) G
RACE PERIOD TO BEGIN WITHHOLDING .—A contract shall not be treated as failing to meet the requirements of section 7706(d)(1)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this section), and a service recipient or payor shall not be treated as failing to meet any such requirement, with respect to compensation paid to a service provider before the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) E
XCEPTION FOR DE MINIMIS PAYMENTS BY  
THIRD PARTY SETTLEMENT ORGANIZATIONS .— The amendments made by subsection (e) shall apply to payments made after Decem-ber 31, 2018. 
SA 1659. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subpart B of part IX of sub-title C of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 13824. SENSE OF THE SENATE RELATING TO THE PROTECTION OF CHARITABLE DEDUCTIONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The deduction for charitable contribu-tions has been an important and effective part of the tax code for almost 100 years. (2) The deduction for charitable contribu-tions is unique as it is the only provision 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.051 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7487 November 29, 2017 
that encourages taxpayers to give away a portion of their income for the benefit of others. (3) In 2012, nonprofit organizations pro-vided 11,400,000 jobs, accounting for 10.3 per-cent of the country’s private-sector work-force. (4) In 2015, total charitable giving was esti-mated to be $373,250,000,000 (a 4.1-percent in-crease from 2014) and accounted for 2.1 per-cent of the gross domestic product. (b) S
ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) encouraging charitable giving should be a goal of tax reform; and (2) Congress should ensure that the value and scope of the deduction for charitable contributions is not diminished during a comprehensive reform of the tax code. 
SEC. 13825. INCREASE IN CARRYOVER PERIOD FOR EXCESS CHARITABLE CON-TRIBUTIONS. 
(a) I NDIVIDUALS .—Section 170(d)(1)(A) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘5 succeeding taxable years’’ and inserting ‘‘15 succeeding taxable years’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘the second, third, fourth, or fifth succeeding taxable year’’ in clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘the second or any suc-ceeding taxable year in such 15-year period’’. (b) C
ORPORATIONS .—Section 170(d)(2)(A) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘5 succeeding taxable years’’ and inserting ‘‘15 succeeding taxable years’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘the second, third, fourth, or fifth succeeding taxable year’’ in clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘the second or any suc-ceeding taxable year in such 15-year period’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13826. DETERMINATION OF STANDARD MILEAGE RATE FOR CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS DEDUCTION. 
(a) D ETERMINATION OF STANDARD MILEAGE  R
ATE FOR CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS DEDUC -
TION.—Subsection (i) of section 170 is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(i) S
TANDARD MILEAGE RATE FOR USE OF  P
ASSENGER AUTOMOBILE .—For purposes of computing the deduction under this section for use of a passenger automobile, the stand-ard mileage rate shall be the rate deter-mined by the Secretary, which rate shall not be less than the standard mileage rate used for purposes of section 213.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to miles traveled after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 13827. MODIFICATION OF RULES RELATING TO DONOR ADVISED FUNDS. 
(a) A LLOWANCE OF TAX-FREE CHARITABLE  D
ISTRIBUTIONS FROM INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT  A
CCOUNTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Clause (i) of section 408(d)(8)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘or any fund or account described in section 4966(d)(2)’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to dis-tributions made in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. (b) R
ETURN DISCLOSURES .— (1) D
ISTRIBUTIONS .—Subsection (k) of sec-tion 6033 is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting a comma; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(4) list the total number of such funds which were in existence for the 36-month pe-riod ending at the close of such taxable year, ‘‘(5) list the total number of funds de-scribed in paragraph (4) which made at least 1 grant during the period described in such paragraph, and ‘‘(6) set forth— ‘‘(A) whether such organization has a pub-licly available policy with respect to funds which are inactive, dormant, or do not make distributions during the period described in paragraph (4), ‘‘(B) a description of the organization’s policy for responding to funds described in subparagraph (A) or a statement that no such policy is in effect, and ‘‘(C) whether such organization regularly and consistently monitors and enforces com-pliance with the policy described in subpara-graph (A) with respect to such funds.’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to re-turns for taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13828. MODIFICATION OF THE TAX RATE FOR THE EXCISE TAX ON INVEST-MENT INCOME OF PRIVATE FOUNDA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4940(a) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘1 percent’’. (b) E
LIMINATION OF REDUCED TAXWHERE  F
OUNDATION MEETS CERTAIN DISTRIBUTION  R
EQUIREMENTS .—Section 4940 of such Code is amended by striking subsection (e). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 13829. EXCEPTION FROM PRIVATE FOUNDA-TION EXCESS BUSINESS HOLDING TAX FOR INDEPENDENTLY-OPER-ATED PHILANTHROPIC BUSINESS HOLDINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4943 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(g) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN HOLDINGS LIM-
ITED TO INDEPENDENTLY -OPERATED PHILAN -
THROPIC BUSINESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to the holdings of a pri-vate foundation in any business enterprise which meets the requirements of paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) for the taxable year. ‘‘(2) O
WNERSHIP .—The requirements of this paragraph are met if— ‘‘(A) 100 percent of the voting stock in the business enterprise is held by the private foundation at all times during the taxable year, and ‘‘(B) all the private foundation’s ownership interests in the business enterprise were ac-quired by means other than by purchase. ‘‘(3) A
LL PROFITS TO CHARITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The requirements of this paragraph are met if the business enter-prise, not later than 120 days after the close of the taxable year, distributes an amount equal to its net operating income for such taxable year to the private foundation. ‘‘(B) N
ET OPERATING INCOME .—For purposes of this paragraph, the net operating income of any business enterprise for any taxable year is an amount equal to the gross income of the business enterprise for the taxable year, reduced by the sum of— ‘‘(i) the deductions allowed by chapter 1 for the taxable year which are directly con-nected with the production of such income, ‘‘(ii) the tax imposed by chapter 1 on the business enterprise for the taxable year, and ‘‘(iii) an amount for a reasonable reserve for working capital and other business needs of the business enterprise. ‘‘(4) I
NDEPENDENT OPERATION .—The require-ments of this paragraph are met if, at all times during the taxable year— ‘‘(A) no substantial contributor (as defined in section 4958(c)(3)(C)) to the private foun-dation or family member (as determined under section 4958(f)(4)) of such a contributor is a director, officer, trustee, manager, em-ployee, or contractor of the business enter-prise (or an individual having powers or re-sponsibilities similar to any of the fore-going), ‘‘(B) at least a majority of the board of di-rectors of the private foundation are persons who are not— ‘‘(i) directors or officers of the business en-terprise, or ‘‘(ii) family members (as so determined) of a substantial contributor (as so defined) to the private foundation, and ‘‘(C) there is no loan outstanding from the business enterprise to a substantial contrib-utor (as so defined) to the private foundation or to any family member of such a contrib-utor (as so determined). ‘‘(5) CERTAIN DEEMED PRIVATE FOUNDATIONS  
EXCLUDED .—This subsection shall not apply to— ‘‘(A) any fund or organization treated as a private foundation for purposes of this sec-tion by reason of subsection (e) or (f), ‘‘(B) any trust described in section 4947(a)(1) (relating to charitable trusts), and ‘‘(C) any trust described in section 4947(a)(2) (relating to split-interest trusts).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1660. Mr. THUNE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subpart D of part VI of sub-title C of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 13543. MODIFICATIONS TO S CORPORATION PASSIVE INVESTMENT INCOME RULES. 
(a) I NCREASED PERCENTAGE LIMIT.—Section 1375(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘25 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘60 percent’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF EXCESSIVE PASSIVE INCOME  
AS A TERMINATION EVENT .—Section 1362(d) is amended by striking paragraph (3). (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 1375(b) is amended by striking paragraphs (3) and (4) and inserting the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) P
ASSIVE INVESTMENT INCOME DE -
FINED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this paragraph, the term ‘passive in-vestment income’ means gross receipts de-rived from royalties, rents, dividends, inter-est, and annuities. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR INTEREST ON NOTES  
FROM SALES OF INVENTORY .—The term ‘pas-sive investment income’ shall not include in-terest on any obligation acquired in the ordi-nary course of the corporation’s trade or business from its sale of property described in section 1221(a)(1). ‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN LENDING OR FI -
NANCE COMPANIES .—If the S corporation meets the requirements of section 542(c)(6) for the taxable year, the term ‘passive in-vestment income’ shall not include gross re-ceipts for the taxable year which are derived directly from the active and regular conduct of a lending or finance business (as defined in section 542(d)(1)). ‘‘(D) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN DIVIDENDS .—If an S corporation holds stock in a C corpora-tion meeting the requirements of section 1504(a)(2), the term ‘passive investment in-come’ shall not include dividends from such C corporation to the extent such dividends are attributable to the earnings and profits of such C corporation derived from the active conduct of a trade or business. ‘‘(E) E
XCEPTION FOR BANKS , ETC.—In the case of a bank (as defined in section 581) or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.045 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7488 November 29, 2017 
a depository institution holding company (as defined in section 3(w)(1) of the Federal De-posit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(w)(1))), the term ‘passive investment income’ shall not include— ‘‘(i) interest income earned by such bank or company, or ‘‘(ii) dividends on assets required to be held by such bank or company, including stock in the Federal Reserve Bank, the Federal Home Loan Bank, or the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Bank or participation certificates issued by a Federal Intermediate Credit Bank. ‘‘(F) G
ROSS RECEIPTS FROM THE SALES OF  
CERTAIN ASSETS .—For purposes of this para-graph— ‘‘(i) C
APITAL ASSETS OTHER THAN STOCK AND  
SECURITIES .—In the case of dispositions of capital assets (other than stock and securi-ties), gross receipts from such dispositions shall be taken into account only to the ex-tent of capital gain net income therefrom. ‘‘(ii) S
TOCK AND SECURITIES .—In the case of sales or exchanges of stock or securities, gross receipts shall be taken into account only to the extent of the gain therefrom. ‘‘(G) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 1374 .—The amount of passive investment income shall be determined by not taking into account any recognized built-in gain or loss of the S corporation for any taxable year in the rec-ognition period. Terms used in the preceding sentence shall have the same respective meanings as when used in section 1374.’’. (2)(A) Section 26(b)(2)(J) is amended by striking ‘‘25 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘60 per-cent’’. (B) Section 1375(b)(1)(A)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘25 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘60 per-cent’’. (C) The heading for section 1375 is amended by striking ‘‘
25 PERCENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘ 60 
PERCENT ’’. (D) The item relating to section 1375 in the table of sections for part III of subchapter S of chapter 1 is amended by striking ‘‘25 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘60 percent’’. (3) Section 1042(c)(4)(A)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1362(d)(3)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1375(b)(3)’’. (4) Section 1362(f)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)(2)’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13544. EXPANSION OF S CORPORATION ELI-GIBLE SHAREHOLDERS TO INCLUDE IRAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1361(c)(2)(A)(vi) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(vi) A trust which constitutes an indi-vidual retirement account under section 408(a), including one designated as a Roth IRA under section 408A.’’. (b) S
ALE OF STOCK IN IRA R ELATING TO S C
ORPORATION ELECTION EXEMPT FROM PRO-
HIBITED TRANSACTION RULES .—Section 4975(d)(16) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and by redesignating subparagraphs (C), (D), (E), and (F) as subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D), respectively, and (2) by striking ‘‘such bank or company’’ in subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated) and in-serting ‘‘the issuer of such stock’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2018. 
SEC. 13545. AMORTIZATION OF S CORPORATION BUILT-IN GAIN AMOUNT UPON DEATH OF SHAREHOLDER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part II of subchapter S of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 1369. AMORTIZATION OF BUILT-IN GAIN AMOUNT UPON DEATH OF SHARE-HOLDER. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A person holding stock in an electing S corporation the basis of which is determined under section 1014(a) (hereafter in this section referred to as the ‘shareholder’) shall be allowed a deduction with respect to the S corporation built-in gain amount. The amount of such deduction for any taxable year shall be determined by amortizing the S corporation built-in gain amount over the 15-year period beginning with the month which includes the applica-ble valuation date. ‘‘(b) S C
ORPORATION BUILT-INGAIN A
MOUNT .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘S corporation built-in gain amount’ means the lesser of— ‘‘(1) the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the basis of the stock referred to in subsection (a) as determined under section 1014(a), over ‘‘(B) the adjusted basis of such stock im-mediately before the death of the decedent, or ‘‘(2) the pro rata share (determined as of the applicable valuation date) of— ‘‘(A) the aggregate fair market value of all property held by the S corporation which is of a character subject to depreciation or am-ortization, over ‘‘(B) the aggregate adjusted basis of all such property held by the S corporation as of such date. ‘‘(c) E
LECTING S C ORPORATION .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘electing S corporation’ means, with respect to any shareholder, any S corporation which elects the application of this section with respect to such shareholder at such time and in such form and manner as the Secretary may pre-scribe. ‘‘(d) A
PPLICABLE VALUATION DATE.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘applicable valuation date’ means— ‘‘(1) in the case of a decedent with respect to which the executor of the decedent’s es-tate elects the application of section 2032, the date 6 months after the decedent’s death, and ‘‘(2) in the case of any other decedent, the date of the decedent’s death. ‘‘(e) A
CCELERATED DEDUCTION IN CASE OF  D
ISPOSITION OF S CORPORATION PROPERTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the electing S corpora-tion disposes of any property which was taken into account under subsection (b)(2), then the deduction allowed under subsection (a) with respect to any stock, for the taxable year of the shareholder in which or with which the taxable year of the S corporation which includes the date of such disposition ends, shall (except as otherwise provided in this section) not be less than the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the pro rata share of the gain recog-nized on such disposition, or ‘‘(B) the amount determined under sub-section (b)(2) by only taking into account such property. ‘‘(2) O
VERALL ALLOWANCE NOT INCREASED .— No deduction shall be allowed under sub-section (a) with respect to any stock for any taxable year to the extent that such deduc-tion (when added to the deductions so al-lowed for all prior taxable years) exceeds the S corporation built-in gain amount with re-spect to such stock. ‘‘(f) R
ECHARACTERIZATION OF GAINS AS OR-
DINARY INCOME TO EXTENT OF DEDUCTION .— If— ‘‘(1) stock of an S corporation with respect to which a deduction was allowed under this section, or ‘‘(2) property which was taken into ac-count under subsection (b)(2) with respect to such stock, is disposed of at a gain (determined without regard to whether or not such gain is recog-nized and reduced by any amount of gain which is treated as ordinary income under any other provision of this subtitle), the amount of such gain (or the shareholder’s pro rata share of such gain in the case of property described in paragraph (2)) shall be treated as gain which is ordinary income (and shall be recognized notwithstanding any other provision of this subtitle) to the extent of the excess of the aggregate deductions al-lowable under this section with respect to such stock for the taxable year of such dis-position and all prior taxable years over the amounts taken into account under this sub-section for all prior taxable years. ‘‘(g) TERMINATION OF AMORTIZATION .—No deduction shall be allowed under subsection (a) with respect to any stock in an electing S corporation with respect to any period be-ginning after the earlier of— ‘‘(1) the date on which the corporation’s election under section 1362 terminates, or ‘‘(2) the date on which the shareholder transfers such stock to any other person. ‘‘(h) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN TRANSFERS .— ‘‘(1) D
ISTRIBUTIONS FROM ESTATES OR  
TRUSTS .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this section, in the case of a distribu-tion of stock from an estate or trust to a beneficiary, the beneficiary (and not the es-tate or trust) shall be treated as the share-holder to which this section applies with re-spect to periods after such distribution. ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN TRANSFERS INVOLVING  
SPOUSES .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of this section, in the case of a transfer described in section 1041, the transferee (and not the transferor) shall be treated as the shareholder to which this section applies with respect to periods after such transfer. ‘‘(i) T
REATMENT OF INCOME IN RESPECT OF  
THEDECEDENT .— ‘‘(1) A
DJUSTMENT TO BUILT -IN GAIN OF PROP -
ERTY HELD BY S CORPORATION .—For purposes of subsection (b)(2), the fair market value of any property taken into account under sub-paragraph (A) thereof shall be decreased by any amount of income in respect of the dece-dent with respect to such property to which section 691 applies. For purposes of sub-section (e)(1)(A), the gain recognized on the disposition of such property shall be reduced by such amount. ‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENT TO BASIS OF S CORPORA -
TION STOCK .—For adjustment to basis of S corporation stock, see section 1367(b)(4)(B). ‘‘(j) R
EPORTING .—Except as otherwise pro-vided by the Secretary, for purposes of sec-tion 6037, the amounts determined under sub-sections (b)(2), (e)(1), and (f)(2) shall be treat-ed as items of the corporation and the pro rata share determined under such subsection shall be furnished to the shareholder under section 6037(b).’’. (b) A
DJUSTMENT TO BASIS OF STOCK .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1367(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-paragraph (D), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (E) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) the amount of the shareholder’s de-duction under section 1369.’’. (2) A
DJUSTMENT NOT TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT IN  
DETERMINING TREATMENT OF DISTRIBUTIONS .— Section 1368 is amended— (A) in subsection (d)(1), by inserting ‘‘(other than subsection (a)(2)(F) thereof)’’ after ‘‘section 1367’’, and (B) in subsection (e)(1)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘this title and the phrase’’ and inserting ‘‘this title, the phrase’’, and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, and no adjustment shall be made under section 1367(a)(2)(F)’’ after ‘‘section 1367(a)(2)’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part II of subchapter S of chap-ter 1 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.052 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7489 November 29, 2017 
‘‘Sec. 1369. Amortization of built-in gain amount upon death of share-holder.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to with re-spect to decedents dying after the date of the enactment of this Act, in taxable years end-ing after such date. 
SEC. 13546. EXTENSION OF TIME FOR MAKING S CORPORATION ELECTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 1362 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) W
HENMADE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An election under sub-section (a) may be made by a small business corporation for any taxable year not later than the due date for filing the return of the S corporation for such taxable year (includ-ing extensions). ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN ELECTIONS TREATED AS MADE  
FOR NEXT TAXABLE YEAR .—If— ‘‘(A) an election under subsection (a) is made for any taxable year within the period described in paragraph (1), but ‘‘(B) either— ‘‘(i) on 1 or more days in such taxable year and before the day on which the election was made the corporation did not meet the re-quirements of subsection (b) of section 1361, or ‘‘(ii) 1 or more of the persons who held stock in the corporation during such taxable year and before the election was made did not consent to the election, then such election shall be treated as made for the following taxable year. ‘‘(3) A
UTHORITY TO TREAT LATE ELECTIONS , 
ETC., AS TIMELY .—If— ‘‘(A) an election under subsection (a) is made for any taxable year after the date pre-scribed by this subsection for making such election for such taxable year or no such election is made for any taxable year, and ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines that there was reasonable cause for the failure to time-ly make such election, the Secretary may treat such an election as timely made for such taxable year. ‘‘(4) E
LECTION ON TIMELY FILED RETURNS .— Except as otherwise provided by the Sec-retary, an election under subsection (a) for any taxable year may be made on a timely filed return of the S corporation for such taxable year. ‘‘(5) S
ECRETARIAL AUTHORITY .—The Sec-retary may prescribe such regulations, rules, or other guidance as may be necessary or ap-propriate for purposes of applying this sub-section.’’. (b) C
OORDINATION WITH CERTAIN OTHER  P
ROVISIONS .— (1) Q
UALIFIED SUBCHAPTER S SUBSIDIARIES .— Section 1361(b)(3)(B) is amended by adding at the end the following flush sentence: ‘‘Rules similar to the rules of section 1362(b) shall apply with respect to any election under clause (ii).’’. (2) Q
UALIFIED SUBCHAPTER S TRUSTS .—Sec- tion 1361(d)(2) is amended by striking sub-paragraph (D). (c) R
EVOCATIONS .—Paragraph (1) of section 1362(d) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (D)’’ in sub-paragraph (C) and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (D) and (E)’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) A
UTHORITY TO TREAT LATE REVOCA -
TIONS AS TIMELY .—If— ‘‘(i) a revocation under subparagraph (A) is made for any taxable year after the date pre-scribed by this paragraph for making such revocation for such taxable year or no such revocation is made for any taxable year, and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary determines that there was reasonable cause for the failure to time-ly make such revocation, the Secretary may treat such a revocation as timely made for such taxable year.’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to elections for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) R
EVOCATIONS .—The amendments made by subsection (c) shall apply to revocations after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1661. Mr. BROWN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. INCREASE INCOME EXCLUSION FOR BENEFITS PROVIDED TO VOLUN-TEER FIREFIGHTERS AND EMER-GENCY MEDICAL RESPONDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) A
PPLICABLE DOLLAR LIMITATION .—Sec- tion 139B(c)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘$30’’ and inserting ‘‘$100’’. (2) P
ERMANENT EXCLUSION .—Section 139B is amended by striking subsection (d). (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. (b) A
DJUSTMENT TO CORPORATE TAXRATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 11(b), as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘21 per-cent’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2018. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. TILIS. Mr. President, I have 7 re-quests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 29, 2017, to conduct a hearing on nomi-nations. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 29, 2017, at 10:30 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the nominations of Barry Lee Myers, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. 
COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC  
WORKS  
The Committee on Environment and Public Works is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 29, 2017, at 10 a.m. in room SD–406 to conduct a hear-ing on 19 General Services Administra-tion resolutions and the following nominations: Kathleen Hartnett White, of Texas, to be a Member of the Council on Environmental Quality and Andrew Wheeler, of Virginia, to be Deputy Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency. COMMITTEE ON HEALTH , EDUCATION , LABOR , 
AND PENSIONS  
The Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 29, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. in room SD–430 to con-duct a hearing on the nominations of Alex Michael Azar II, of Indiana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 29, 2017, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226, to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Stuart Kyle Duncan, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, David Ryan Stras, of Minnesota, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, and Andrei Iancu, of California, to be Under Sec-retary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 
COMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Veterans’ Affairs is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, No-vember 29, 2017, at 2:30 p.m., in room SR–418 to conduct a hearing on the bill entitled ‘‘Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2017’’. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednes-day, November 29, 2017, at 3 p.m., in room S–127 to hold a closed hearing. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following individuals in my personal and Finance Committee offices be granted floor privileges for the remainder of this Congress: Claudette Yazbek, Karlen Yallup, Lawrence Doppelt, Jonathan Harris, Rachael Kauss, and Michael Cecil. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent for six additional full floor access passes to be equally di-vided between the majority and the mi-nority during the consideration of H.R. 1 for the following staffers: for the ma-jority, Eric Euland, Rebecca Cole, and Paul Vinovich; for the minority, Mike Jones, Jill Harrelson, and Josh Smith; finally, that Natalie Rico, a fellow in Senator S
ANDERS ’ office, be granted floor privileges during the consider-ation of H.R. 1. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.052 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7490 November 29, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for six additional full floor access passes to be equally di-vided between the majority and minor-ity during the consideration of H.R. 1, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act legislation, for the following staffers: from the ma-jority on the Finance Committee: Randy Herndon, Zach Rudisill, and Shay Hawkins; from the minority on the Finance Committee: Ryan Abra-ham, Adam Carasso, and Sarah Schnei-der. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS CORRECTION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that a correc-tion to appointments made on Novem-ber 28, 2017, be printed in the R
ECORD . For the information of the Senate, this correction is clerical and does not change membership of the Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission made by the appointments. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the majority leader, pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 115–77, appoints the following individuals to the Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission: Kay Coles James of Virginia and Star Parker of California. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND ACHIEVEMENTS OF DR. ROBERT LAWRENCE JR. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 344, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 344) honoring the life and achievements of Dr. Robert Lawrence Jr. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 344) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
INDIAN EMPLOYMENT, TRAINING AND RELATED SERVICES CON-SOLIDATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.R. 228, which was received from the House. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 228) to amend the Indian Em-ployment, Training and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the em-ployment, training, and related services from diverse Federal sources, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 228) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ESTHER MARTINEZ NATIVE AMER-ICAN LANGUAGES PRESERVA-TION ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 30, S. 254. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 254) to amend the Native Amer-ican Programs Act of 1974 to provide flexi-bility and reauthorization to ensure the sur-vival and continuing vitality of Native American languages. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Hoeven amendment, which is at the desk, be agreed to, the bill, as amend-ed, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 1637) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the authorization of ap-propriations for the Native American lan-guages grant program under section 803C of the Native American Programs Act of 1974) On page 2, strike lines 21 and 22 and insert the following: amended by striking ‘‘such sums’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘$13,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
The bill (S. 254), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 254 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Esther Mar-tinez Native American Languages Preserva-tion Act’’. SEC. 2. NATIVE AMERICAN LANGUAGES GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 803C of the Native American Pro-grams Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 2991b–3) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(7)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘10’’ and inserting ‘‘5’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘15’’ and inserting ‘‘10’’; and (2) in subsection (e)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘or 3-year basis’’ and in-serting ‘‘3-year, 4-year, or 5-year basis’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, 4-year, or 5-year’’ after ‘‘on a 3-year’’. 
SEC. 3. REAUTHORIZATION OF NATIVE AMER-ICAN LANGUAGES PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 816(e) of the Na-tive American Programs Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 2992d(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, and 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 816 of the Native American Programs Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 2992d) is amended in subsections (a) and (b) by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’. f 
JOHN P. SMITH ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 33, S. 302. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 302) to enhance tribal road safety, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 302) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 302 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘John P. Smith Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION OF SECRETARY. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 3. APPLICATION OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU-SIONS TO CERTAIN TRIBAL TRANS-PORTATION FACILITIES. 
(a) D EFINITION OF TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION  S
AFETY PROJECT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘‘tribal transportation safety project’’ means a project described in paragraph (2) that is eligible for funding under section 202 of title 23, United States Code, and that— (A) corrects or improves a hazardous road location or feature; or (B) addresses a highway safety problem. (2) P
ROJECTS DESCRIBED .—A project de-scribed in this paragraph is a project for one or more of the following: (A) An intersection safety improvement. (B) Pavement and shoulder widening (in-cluding the addition of a passing lane to remedy an unsafe condition). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:34 Dec 05, 2017 Jkt 000000 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\NOVEMBER\S29NO7.REC S29NO7ejoyner on DSK30MW082PROD with CONG-REC-ONLINE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7491 November 29, 2017 
(C) Installation of rumble strips or another warning device, if the rumble strips or other warning devices do not adversely affect the safety or mobility of bicyclists and pedes-trians, including persons with disabilities. (D) Installation of a skid-resistant surface at an intersection or other location with a high frequency of crashes. (E) An improvement for pedestrian or bicy-clist safety or the safety of persons with dis-abilities. (F) Construction and improvement of a railway-highway grade crossing safety fea-ture, including the installation of protective devices. (G) The conduct of a model traffic enforce-ment activity at a railway-highway crossing. (H) Construction of a traffic calming fea-ture. (I) Elimination of a roadside hazard. (J) Installation, replacement, and other improvements of highway signage and pave-ment markings or a project to maintain min-imum levels of retroreflectivity that ad-dresses a highway safety problem consistent with a State strategic highway safety plan. (K) Installation of a priority control sys-tem for emergency vehicles at signalized intersections. (L) Installation of a traffic control or other warning device at a location with high crash potential. (M) Transportation safety planning. (N) Collection, analysis, and improvement of safety data. (O) Planning integrated interoperable emergency communications equipment, operational activities, or traffic enforcement activities (including police assistance) relat-ing to work zone safety. (P) Installation of guardrails, barriers (in-cluding barriers between construction work zones and traffic lanes for the safety of road users and workers), and crash attenuators. (Q) The addition or retrofitting of struc-tures or other measures to eliminate or re-duce crashes involving vehicles and wildlife. (R) Installation of yellow-green signs and signals at pedestrian and bicycle crossings and in school zones. (S) Construction and operational improve-ments on a high risk rural road (as defined in section 148(a) of title 23, United States Code). (T) Geometric improvements to a road for the purposes of safety improvement. (U) A road safety audit. (V) Roadway safety infrastructure im-provements consistent with the rec-ommendations included in the publication of the Federal Highway Administration enti-tled ‘‘Handbook for Designing Roadways for the Aging Population’’ (FHWA–SA–14–015), dated June 2014 (or a revised or updated pub-lication). (W) Truck parking facilities eligible for funding under section 1401 of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 137 note; Public Law 112–141). (X) Systemic safety improvements. (Y) Installation of vehicle-to-infrastruc-ture communication equipment. (Z) Pedestrian hybrid beacons. (AA) Roadway improvements that provide separation between pedestrians and motor vehicles, including medians and pedestrian crossing islands. (BB) A physical infrastructure safety project not described in subparagraphs (A) through (AA). (b) N
EWCATEGORICAL EXCLUSIONS .— (1) R
EVIEW OF EXISTING CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SIONS .—The Secretary shall review the cat-egorical exclusions under section 771.117 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (or suc-cessor regulations), to determine which, if any, are applicable for use by the Secretary in review of projects eligible for assistance under section 202 of title 23, United States Code. (2) REVIEW OF TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION  
SAFETY PROJECTS .—The Secretary shall iden-tify tribal transportation safety projects that meet the requirements for categorical exclusions under sections 1507.3 and 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations. (3) P
ROPOSAL .—The Secretary shall issue a proposed rule, in accordance with sections 1507.3 and 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations, to propose any categorical ex-clusions identified under paragraphs (1) and (2). (4) D
EADLINE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and after considering any comments on the pro-posed rule issued under paragraph (3), the Secretary shall promulgate a final rule for the categorical exclusions, in accordance with sections 1507.3 and 1508.4 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations. (5) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary of Transportation shall provide technical as-sistance to the Secretary in carrying out this subsection. (c) R
EVIEWS OF TRIBAL TRANSPORTATION  S
AFETY PROJECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary or the head of another Federal agency responsible for a decision related to a tribal transportation safety project shall complete any approval or decision for the review of the tribal trans-portation safety project required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or any other applica-ble Federal law on an expeditious basis using the shortest existing applicable process. (2) R
EVIEW OF APPLICATIONS .—Not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of a complete application by an Indian tribe for approval of a tribal transportation safety project, the Secretary shall— (A) take final action on the application; or (B) provide the Indian tribe a schedule for completion of the review described in para-graph (1), including the identification of any other Federal agency that has jurisdiction with respect to the project. (3) D
ECISIONS UNDER OTHER FEDERAL  
LAWS .—In any case in which a decision under any other Federal law relating to a tribal transportation safety project (including the issuance or denial of a permit or license) is required, not later than 45 days after the Secretary has made all decisions of the lead agency under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) with respect to the project, the head of the Fed-eral agency responsible for the decision shall— (A) make the applicable decision; or (B) provide the Indian tribe a schedule for making the decision. (4) E
XTENSIONS .—The Secretary or the head of an applicable Federal agency may extend the period under paragraph (2) or (3), as ap-plicable, by an additional 30 days by pro-viding the Indian tribe notice of the exten-sion, including a statement of the need for the extension. (5) N
OTIFICATION AND EXPLANATION .—In any case in which a required action is not com-pleted by the deadline under paragraph (2), (3), or (4), as applicable, the Secretary or the head of a Federal agency, as applicable, shall— (A) notify the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives of the failure to comply with the deadline; and (B) provide to the Committees described in subparagraph (A) a detailed explanation of the reasons for the failure to comply with the deadline. 
SEC. 4. PROGRAMMATIC AGREEMENTS FOR CAT-EGORICAL EXCLUSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall enter into programmatic agreements with Indian tribes that establish efficient administrative procedures for carrying out environmental reviews for projects eligible for assistance under section 202 of title 23, United States Code. (b) INCLUSIONS .—A programmatic agree-ment under subsection (a)— (1) may include an agreement that allows an Indian tribe to determine, on behalf of the Secretary, whether a project is categorically excluded from the preparation of an environ-mental assessment or environmental impact statement under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (2) shall— (A) require that the Indian tribe maintain adequate capacity in terms of personnel and other resources to carry out applicable agen-cy responsibilities pursuant to section 1507.2 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations); (B) set forth the responsibilities of the In-dian tribe for making categorical exclusion determinations, documenting the determina-tions, and achieving acceptable quality con-trol and quality assurance; (C) allow— (i) the Secretary to monitor compliance of the Indian tribe with the terms of the agree-ment; and (ii) the Indian tribe to execute any needed corrective action; (D) contain stipulations for amendments, termination, and public availability of the agreement once the agreement has been exe-cuted; and (E) have a term of not more than 5 years, with an option for renewal based on a review by the Secretary of the performance of the Indian tribe. f 
INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY DEVEL-OPMENT AND SELF-DETERMINA-TION ACT AMENDMENTS OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 104, S. 245. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 245) to amend the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self Determination Act of 2005, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 245) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 245 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Indian Trib-al Energy Development and Self-Determina-tion Act Amendments of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.047 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7492 November 29, 2017 
TITLE I—INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY DE-VELOPMENT AND SELF-DETERMINA-TION ACT AMENDMENTS Sec. 101. Indian tribal energy resource devel-opment. Sec. 102. Indian tribal energy resource regu-lation. Sec. 103. Tribal energy resource agreements. Sec. 104. Technical assistance for Indian tribal governments. Sec. 105. Conforming amendments. Sec. 106. Report. TITLE II—MISCELLANEOUS AMENDMENTS Sec. 201. Issuance of preliminary permits or licenses. Sec. 202. Tribal biomass demonstration project. Sec. 203. Weatherization program. Sec. 204. Appraisals. Sec. 205. Leases of restricted lands for Nav-ajo Nation. Sec. 206. Extension of tribal lease period for the Crow Tribe of Montana. Sec. 207. Trust status of lease payments. TITLE I—INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY DEVEL-OPMENT AND SELF-DETERMINATION ACT AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 101. INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCE DE-VELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2602(a) of the En-ergy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) consult with each applicable Indian tribe before adopting or approving a well spacing program or plan applicable to the en-ergy resources of that Indian tribe or the members of that Indian tribe.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) P
LANNING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out the pro-gram established by paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall provide technical assistance to interested Indian tribes to develop energy plans, including— ‘‘(i) plans for electrification; ‘‘(ii) plans for oil and gas permitting, re-newable energy permitting, energy effi-ciency, electricity generation, transmission planning, water planning, and other planning relating to energy issues; ‘‘(iii) plans for the development of energy resources and to ensure the protection of natural, historic, and cultural resources; and ‘‘(iv) any other plans that would assist an Indian tribe in the development or use of en-ergy resources. ‘‘(B) C
OOPERATION .—In establishing the program under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall work in cooperation with the Office of Indian Energy Policy and Programs of the Department of Energy.’’. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY INDIAN ENERGY  E
DUCATION PLANNING AND MANAGEMENT AS-
SISTANCE PROGRAM .—Section 2602(b)(2) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(b)(2)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, intertribal organiza-tion,’’ after ‘‘Indian tribe’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (D) and (E), respec-tively; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) activities to increase the capacity of Indian tribes to manage energy development and energy efficiency programs;’’. (c) D
EPARTMENT OF ENERGY LOAN GUAR-
ANTEE PROGRAM .—Section 2602(c) of the En-ergy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or a trib-al energy development organization’’ after ‘‘Indian tribe’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘guarantee’’ and inserting ‘‘guaranteed’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’; (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) a tribal energy development organiza-tion, from funds of the tribal energy develop-ment organization.’’; and (3) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary of Energy may’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Determination Act Amendments of 2017, the Secretary of Energy shall’’. SEC. 102. INDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCE REGULATION. 
Section 2603(c) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3503(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘on the re-quest of an Indian tribe, the Indian tribe’’ and inserting ‘‘on the request of an Indian tribe or a tribal energy development organi-zation, the Indian tribe or tribal energy de-velopment organization’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘or tribal energy development organization’’ after ‘‘Indian tribe’’. 
SEC. 103. TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCE AGREE-MENTS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 2604 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) an electric production, generation, transmission, or distribution facility (in-cluding a facility that produces electricity from renewable energy resources) located on tribal land; or’’; and (II) in clause (ii)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘, at least a portion of which have been’’ after ‘‘energy resources’’; (bb) by inserting ‘‘or produced from’’ after ‘‘developed on’’; and (cc) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘or’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) pooling, unitization, or communitization of the energy mineral re-sources of the Indian tribe located on tribal land with any other energy mineral resource (including energy mineral resources owned by the Indian tribe or an individual Indian in fee, trust, or restricted status or by any other persons or entities) if the owner, or, if appropriate, lessee, of the resources has con-sented or consents to the pooling, unitiza-tion, or communitization of the other re-sources under any lease or agreement; and’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) a lease or business agreement de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall not require re-view by, or the approval of, the Secretary under section 2103 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 81), or any other provision of law (in-cluding regulations), if the lease or business agreement— ‘‘(A) was executed— ‘‘(i) in accordance with the requirements of a tribal energy resource agreement in effect under subsection (e) (including the periodic review and evaluation of the activities of the Indian tribe under the agreement, to be con-ducted pursuant to subparagraphs (D) and (E) of subsection (e)(2)); or ‘‘(ii) by the Indian tribe and a tribal energy development organization for which the In-dian tribe has obtained a certification pursu-ant to subsection (h); and ‘‘(B) has a term that does not exceed— ‘‘(i) 30 years; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a lease for the produc-tion of oil resources, gas resources, or both, 10 years and as long thereafter as oil or gas is produced in paying quantities.’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) RIGHTS -OF-WAY.—An Indian tribe may grant a right-of-way over tribal land without review or approval by the Secretary if the right-of-way— ‘‘(1) serves— ‘‘(A) an electric production, generation, transmission, or distribution facility (in-cluding a facility that produces electricity from renewable energy resources) located on tribal land; ‘‘(B) a facility located on tribal land that extracts, produces, processes, or refines en-ergy resources; or ‘‘(C) the purposes, or facilitates in carrying out the purposes, of any lease or agreement entered into for energy resource develop-ment on tribal land; ‘‘(2) was executed— ‘‘(A) in accordance with the requirements of a tribal energy resource agreement in ef-fect under subsection (e) (including the peri-odic review and evaluation of the activities of the Indian tribe under the agreement, to be conducted pursuant to subparagraphs (D) and (E) of subsection (e)(2)); or ‘‘(B) by the Indian tribe and a tribal energy development organization for which the In-dian tribe has obtained a certification pursu-ant to subsection (h); and ‘‘(3) has a term that does not exceed 30 years.’’; (3) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) V
ALIDITY .—No lease or business agree-ment entered into, or right-of-way granted, pursuant to this section shall be valid unless the lease, business agreement, or right-of- way is authorized by subsection (a) or (b).’’; (4) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) A
UTHORIZATION .—On or after the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy De-velopment and Self-Determination Act Amendments of 2017, a qualified Indian tribe may submit to the Secretary a tribal energy resource agreement governing leases, busi-ness agreements, and rights-of-way under this section. ‘‘(B) N
OTICE OF COMPLETE PROPOSED AGREE -
MENT .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the tribal energy resource agree-ment is submitted under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) notify the Indian tribe as to whether the agreement is complete or incomplete; ‘‘(ii) if the agreement is incomplete, notify the Indian tribe of what information or docu-mentation is needed to complete the submis-sion; and ‘‘(iii) identify and notify the Indian tribe of the financial assistance, if any, to be pro-vided by the Secretary to the Indian tribe to assist in the implementation of the tribal en-ergy resource agreement, including the envi-ronmental review of individual projects. ‘‘(C) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this paragraph precludes the Secretary from providing any financial assistance at any time to the In-dian tribe to assist in the implementation of the tribal energy resource agreement.’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.044 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7493 November 29, 2017 
(B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘(2)(A)’’ and all that follows through the end of subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURE .— ‘‘(A) E
FFECTIVE DATE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—On the date that is 271 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a tribal energy resource agreement from a qualified Indian tribe under para-graph (1), the tribal energy resource agree-ment shall take effect, unless the Secretary disapproves the tribal energy resource agree-ment under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(ii) R
EVISED TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCE  
AGREEMENT .—On the date that is 91 days after the date on which the Secretary re-ceives a revised tribal energy resource agree-ment from a qualified Indian tribe under paragraph (4)(B), the revised tribal energy resource agreement shall take effect, unless the Secretary disapproves the revised tribal energy resource agreement under subpara-graph (B).’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘(B)’’ and all that follows through clause (ii) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(B) D
ISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary shall disapprove a tribal energy resource agree-ment submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) or (4)(B) only if— ‘‘(i) a provision of the tribal energy re-source agreement violates applicable Federal law (including regulations) or a treaty appli-cable to the Indian tribe; ‘‘(ii) the tribal energy resource agreement does not include one or more provisions re-quired under subparagraph (D); or’’; and (II) in clause (iii)— (aa) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘includes’’ and all that follows through ‘‘section—’’ and inserting ‘‘does not include provisions that, with respect to any lease, business agreement, or right-of-way to which the tribal energy resource agreement applies—’’; (bb) by striking subclauses (I), (II), (V), (VIII), and (XV); (cc) by redesignating clauses (III), (IV), (VI), (VII), (IX) through (XIV), and (XVI) as clauses (I), (II), (III), (IV), (V) through (X), and (XI), respectively; (dd) in item (bb) of subclause (XI) (as re-designated by item (cc))— (AA) by striking ‘‘or tribal’’; and (BB) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (ee) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(XII) include a certification by the Indian tribe that the Indian tribe has— ‘‘(aa) carried out a contract or compact under title I or IV of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) for a period of not less than 3 consecutive years ending on the date on which the Indian tribe submits the appli-cation without material audit exception (or without any material audit exceptions that were not corrected within the 3-year period) relating to the management of tribal land or natural resources; or ‘‘(bb) substantial experience in the admin-istration, review, or evaluation of energy re-source leases or agreements or has otherwise substantially participated in the administra-tion, management, or development of energy resources located on the tribal land of the Indian tribe; and ‘‘(XIII) at the option of the Indian tribe, identify which functions, if any, authorizing any operational or development activities pursuant to a lease, right-of-way, or business agreement approved by the Indian tribe, that the Indian tribe intends to conduct.’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking clauses (i) and (ii); (II) by redesignating clauses (iii) through (v) as clauses (ii) through (iv), respectively; and (III) by inserting before clause (ii) (as re-designated by subclause (II)) the following: ‘‘(i) a process for ensuring that— ‘‘(I) the public is informed of, and has rea-sonable opportunity to comment on, any sig-nificant environmental impacts of the pro-posed action; and ‘‘(II) the Indian tribe provides responses to relevant and substantive public comments on any impacts described in subclause (I) be-fore the Indian tribe approves the lease, busi-ness agreement, or right-of-way;’’; (iv) in subparagraph (D)(ii), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)(iii)(XVI)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)(iv)(XI)’’; and (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) EFFECTIVE PERIOD .—A tribal energy resource agreement that takes effect pursu-ant to this subsection shall remain in effect to the extent any provision of the tribal en-ergy resource agreement is consistent with applicable Federal law (including regula-tions), unless the tribal energy resource agreement is— ‘‘(i) rescinded by the Secretary pursuant to paragraph (7)(D)(iii)(II); or ‘‘(ii) voluntarily rescinded by the Indian tribe pursuant to the regulations promul-gated under paragraph (8)(B) (or successor regulations).’’; (C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘date of disapproval’’ and all that follows through the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘date of disapproval, provide the Indian tribe with— ‘‘(A) a detailed, written explanation of— ‘‘(i) each reason for the disapproval; and ‘‘(ii) the revisions or changes to the tribal energy resource agreement necessary to ad-dress each reason; and ‘‘(B) an opportunity to revise and resubmit the tribal energy resource agreement.’’; (D) in paragraph (6)— (i) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘(B) Subject to’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(B) Subject only to’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (D)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraphs (C) and (D)’’; (ii) in subparagraph (C), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘to perform the obligations of the Secretary under this section and’’ before ‘‘to ensure’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (D), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) Nothing in this section absolves, lim-its, or otherwise affects the liability, if any, of the United States for any— ‘‘(I) term of any lease, business agreement, or right-of-way under this section that is not a negotiated term; or ‘‘(II) losses that are not the result of a ne-gotiated term, including losses resulting from the failure of the Secretary to perform an obligation of the Secretary under this section.’’; (E) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘has demonstrated’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary determines has demonstrated with substan-tial evidence’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘any tribal remedy’’ and inserting ‘‘all remedies (if any) provided under the laws of the Indian tribe’’; (iii) in subparagraph (D)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘determine’’ and all that follows through the end of the clause and inserting the following: ‘‘deter-mine— ‘‘(I) whether the petitioner is an interested party; and ‘‘(II) if the petitioner is an interested party, whether the Indian tribe is not in compliance with the tribal energy resource agreement as alleged in the petition.’’; (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘determina-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘determinations’’; and (III) in clause (iii), in the matter preceding subclause (I) by striking ‘‘agreement’’ the first place it appears and all that follows through ‘‘, including’’ and inserting ‘‘agree-ment pursuant to clause (i), the Secretary shall only take such action as the Secretary determines necessary to address the claims of noncompliance made in the petition, in-cluding’’; (iv) in subparagraph (E)(i), by striking ‘‘the manner in which’’ and inserting ‘‘, with respect to each claim made in the petition, how’’; and (v) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph, the Secretary shall dis-miss any petition from an interested party that has agreed with the Indian tribe to a resolution of the claims presented in the pe-tition of that party.’’; (F) in paragraph (8)— (i) by striking subparagraph (A); (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (D) as subparagraphs (A) through (C), respectively; and (iii) in subparagraph (A) (as redesignated by clause (ii))— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) in clause (ii), by adding ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) amend an approved tribal energy re-source agreement to assume authority for approving leases, business agreements, or rights-of-way for development of another en-ergy resource that is not included in an ap-proved tribal energy resource agreement without being required to apply for a new tribal energy resource agreement;’’ and (G) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) E
FFECT .—Nothing in this section au-thorizes the Secretary to deny a tribal en-ergy resource agreement or any amendment to a tribal energy resource agreement, or to limit the effect or implementation of this section, due to lack of promulgated regula-tions.’’; (5) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (j); and (6) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) F
INANCIAL ASSISTANCE IN LIEU OF AC-
TIVITIES BY THE SECRETARY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any amounts that the Secretary would otherwise expend to operate or carry out any program, function, service, or activity (or any portion of a program, function, service, or activity) of the Depart-ment that, as a result of an Indian tribe car-rying out activities under a tribal energy re-source agreement, the Secretary does not ex-pend, the Secretary shall, at the request of the Indian tribe, make available to the In-dian tribe in accordance with this sub-section. ‘‘(2) A
NNUAL FUNDING AGREEMENTS .—The Secretary shall make the amounts described in paragraph (1) available to an Indian tribe through an annual written funding agree-ment that is negotiated and entered into with the Indian tribe that is separate from the tribal energy resource agreement. ‘‘(3) E
FFECT OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Notwith- standing paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the provision of amounts to an Indian tribe under this subsection is subject to the availability of appropriations; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary shall not be required to reduce amounts for programs, functions, services, or activities that serve any other Indian tribe to make amounts available to an Indian tribe under this subsection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.044 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7494 November 29, 2017 
‘‘(4) D ETERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall cal-culate the amounts under paragraph (1) in accordance with the regulations adopted under section 103(b) of the Indian Tribal En-ergy Development and Self-Determination Act Amendments of 2017. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABILITY .—The effective date or implementation of a tribal energy resource agreement under this section shall not be de-layed or otherwise affected by— ‘‘(i) a delay in the promulgation of regula-tions under section 103(b) of the Indian Trib-al Energy Development and Self-Determina-tion Act Amendments of 2017; ‘‘(ii) the period of time needed by the Sec-retary to make the calculation required under paragraph (1); or ‘‘(iii) the adoption of a funding agreement under paragraph (2). ‘‘(h) C
ERTIFICATION OF TRIBAL ENERGY DE-
VELOPMENT ORGANIZATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which an Indian tribe sub-mits an application for certification of a tribal energy development organization in accordance with regulations promulgated under section 103(b) of the Indian Tribal En-ergy Development and Self-Determination Act Amendments of 2017, the Secretary shall approve or disapprove the application. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall approve an application for certification if— ‘‘(A)(i) the Indian tribe has carried out a contract or compact under title I or IV of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); and ‘‘(ii) for a period of not less than 3 consecu-tive years ending on the date on which the Indian tribe submits the application, the contract or compact— ‘‘(I) has been carried out by the Indian tribe without material audit exceptions (or without any material audit exceptions that were not corrected within the 3-year period); and ‘‘(II) has included programs or activities relating to the management of tribal land; and ‘‘(B)(i) the tribal energy development orga-nization is organized under the laws of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(ii)(I) the majority of the interest in the tribal energy development organization is owned and controlled by the Indian tribe (or the Indian tribe and one or more other In-dian tribes) the tribal land of which is being developed; and ‘‘(II) the organizing document of the tribal energy development organization requires that the Indian tribe with jurisdiction over the land maintain at all times the control-ling interest in the tribal energy develop-ment organization; ‘‘(iii) the organizing document of the tribal energy development organization requires that the Indian tribe (or the Indian tribe and one or more other Indian tribes) the tribal land of which is being developed own and control at all times a majority of the inter-est in the tribal energy development organi-zation; and ‘‘(iv) the organizing document of the tribal energy development organization includes a statement that the organization shall be subject to the jurisdiction, laws, and author-ity of the Indian tribe. ‘‘(3) A
CTION BY SECRETARY .—If the Sec-retary approves an application for certifi-cation pursuant to paragraph (2), the Sec-retary shall, not more than 10 days after making the determination— ‘‘(A) issue a certification stating that— ‘‘(i) the tribal energy development organi-zation is organized under the laws of the In-dian tribe and subject to the jurisdiction, laws, and authority of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(ii) the majority of the interest in the tribal energy development organization is owned and controlled by the Indian tribe (or the Indian tribe and one or more other In-dian tribes) the tribal land of which is being developed; ‘‘(iii) the organizing document of the tribal energy development organization requires that the Indian tribe with jurisdiction over the land maintain at all times the control-ling interest in the tribal energy develop-ment organization; ‘‘(iv) the organizing document of the tribal energy development organization requires that the Indian tribe (or the Indian tribe and one or more other Indian tribes the tribal land of which is being developed) own and control at all times a majority of the inter-est in the tribal energy development organi-zation; and ‘‘(v) the certification is issued pursuant this subsection; ‘‘(B) deliver a copy of the certification to the Indian tribe; and ‘‘(C) publish the certification in the Fed-eral Register. ‘‘(i) SOVEREIGN IMMUNITY .—Nothing in this section waives the sovereign immunity of an Indian tribe.’’. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Deter-mination Act Amendments of 2017, the Sec-retary shall promulgate or update any regu-lations that are necessary to implement this section, including provisions to implement— (1) section 2604(e)(8) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504(e)(8)), including the process to be followed by an Indian tribe amending an existing tribal energy resource agreement to assume authority for approv-ing leases, business agreements, or rights-of- way for development of an energy resource that is not included in the tribal energy re-source agreement; (2) section 2604(g) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504(g)) including the man-ner in which the Secretary, at the request of an Indian tribe, shall— (A) identify the programs, functions, serv-ices, and activities (or any portions of pro-grams, functions, services, or activities) that the Secretary will not have to operate or carry out as a result of the Indian tribe car-rying out activities under a tribal energy re-source agreement; (B) identify the amounts that the Sec-retary would have otherwise expended to op-erate or carry out each program, function, service, and activity (or any portion of a pro-gram, function, service, or activity) identi-fied pursuant to subparagraph (A); and (C) provide to the Indian tribe a list of the programs, functions, services, and activities (or any portions of programs, functions, services, or activities) identified pursuant subparagraph (A) and the amounts associ-ated with each program, function, service, and activity (or any portion of a program, function, service, or activity) identified pur-suant to subparagraph (B); and (3) section 2604(h) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504(h)), including the proc-ess to be followed by, and any applicable cri-teria and documentation required for, an In-dian tribe to request and obtain the certifi-cation described in that section. 
SEC. 104. TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE FOR INDIAN TRIBAL GOVERNMENTS. 
Section 2602(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) TECHNICAL AND SCIENTIFIC RE -
SOURCES .—In addition to providing grants to Indian tribes under this subsection, the Sec-retary shall collaborate with the Directors of the National Laboratories in making the full array of technical and scientific resources of the Department of Energy available for trib-al energy activities and projects.’’. 
SEC. 105. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF TRIBAL ENERGY DEVELOP -
MENT ORGANIZATION .—Section 2601 of the En-ergy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3501) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through (12) as paragraphs (10) through (13), respec-tively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (8) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(9) The term ‘qualified Indian tribe’ means an Indian tribe that has— ‘‘(A) carried out a contract or compact under title I or IV of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) for a period of not less than 3 consecutive years ending on the date on which the Indian tribe submits the appli-cation without material audit exception (or without any material audit exceptions that were not corrected within the 3-year period) relating to the management of tribal land or natural resources; or ‘‘(B) substantial experience in the adminis-tration, review, or evaluation of energy re-source leases or agreements or has otherwise substantially participated in the administra-tion, management, or development of energy resources located on the tribal land of the Indian tribe.’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (12) (as redesig-nated by paragraph (1)) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(12) The term ‘tribal energy development organization’ means— ‘‘(A) any enterprise, partnership, consor-tium, corporation, or other type of business organization that is engaged in the develop-ment of energy resources and is wholly owned by an Indian tribe (including an orga-nization incorporated pursuant to section 17 of the Act of June 18, 1934 (25 U.S.C. 5124) (commonly known as the ‘‘Indian Reorga-nization Act’’) or section 3 of the Act of June 26, 1936 (49 Stat. 1967, chapter 831) (commonly known as the ‘Oklahoma Indian Welfare Act’)); and ‘‘(B) any organization of two or more enti-ties, at least one of which is an Indian tribe, that has the written consent of the gov-erning bodies of all Indian tribes partici-pating in the organization to apply for a grant, loan, or other assistance under sec-tion 2602 or to enter into a lease or business agreement with, or acquire a right-of-way from, an Indian tribe pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A)(ii) or (b)(2)(B) of section 2604.’’. (b) I
NDIAN TRIBAL ENERGY RESOURCE DE-
VELOPMENT .—Section 2602 of the Energy Pol-icy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3502) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘tribal en-ergy resource development organizations’’ and inserting ‘‘tribal energy development or-ganizations’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘tribal en-ergy resource development organizations’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘tribal energy development organizations’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘tribal energy resource development organization’’ and inserting ‘‘tribal energy development or-ganization’’. (c) W
IND AND HYDROPOWER FEASIBILITY  S
TUDY .—Section 2606(c)(3) of the Energy Pol-icy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3506(c)(3)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘energy resource develop-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘energy development’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.044 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7495 November 29, 2017 
(d) C ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 2604(e) of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3504(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘(3) The Secretary’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(3) N
OTICE AND COMMENT ; SECRETARIAL RE -
VIEW.—The Secretary’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘for approval’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘(4) If the Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) A
CTION IN CASE OF DISAPPROVAL .—If the Secretary’’; (3) in paragraph (5)— (A) by striking ‘‘(5) If an Indian tribe’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) P
ROVISION OF DOCUMENTS TO SEC -
RETARY .—If an Indian tribe’’; and (B) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘approved’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; (4) in paragraph (6)— (A) by striking ‘‘(6)(A) In carrying out’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(6) S
ECRETARIAL OBLIGATIONS AND EFFECT  
OF SECTION .— ‘‘(A) In carrying out’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by indenting clauses (i) and (ii) appropriately; (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘ap-proved’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; and (D) in subparagraph (D)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘an approved tribal energy resource agreement’’ and in-serting ‘‘a tribal energy resource agreement in effect under this section’’; and (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘approved by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; and (5) in paragraph (7)— (A) by striking ‘‘(7)(A) In this paragraph’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(7) P
ETITIONS BY INTERESTED PARTIES .— ‘‘(A) In this paragraph’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘ap-proved by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘ap-proved by the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘in effect’’; and (D) in subparagraph (D)(iii)— (i) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘approved’’; and (ii) in subclause (II)— (I) by striking ‘‘approval of’’ in the first place it appears; and (II) by striking ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(2)(A)(i) or (b)(2)(A)’’. 
SEC. 106. REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall submit to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report that details with respect to activities for energy development on Indian land, how the Depart-ment of the Interior— (1) processes and completes the reviews of energy-related documents in a timely and transparent manner; (2) monitors the timeliness of agency re-view for all energy-related documents; (3) maintains databases to track and mon-itor the review and approval process for en-ergy-related documents associated with con-ventional and renewable Indian energy re-sources that require Secretarial approval prior to development, including— (A) any seismic exploration permits; (B) permission to survey; (C) archeological and cultural surveys; (D) access permits; (E) environmental assessments; (F) oil and gas leases; (G) surface leases; (H) rights-of-way agreements; and (I) communitization agreements; (4) identifies in the databases— (A) the date lease applications and permits are received by the agency; (B) the status of the review; (C) the date the application or permit is considered complete and ready for review; (D) the date of approval; and (E) the start and end dates for any signifi-cant delays in the review process; (5) tracks in the databases, for all energy- related leases, agreements, applications, and permits that involve multiple agency re-view— (A) the dates documents are transferred be-tween agencies; (B) the status of the review; (C) the date the required reviews are com-pleted; and (D) the date interim or final decisions are issued. (b) INCLUSIONS .—The report under sub-section (a) shall include— (1) a description of any intermediate and final deadlines for agency action on any Sec-retarial review and approval required for In-dian conventional and renewable energy ex-ploration and development activities; (2) a description of the existing geographic database established by the Bureau of Indian Affairs, explaining— (A) how the database identifies— (i) the location and ownership of all Indian oil and gas resources held in trust; (ii) resources available for lease; and (iii) the location of— (I) any lease of land held in trust or re-stricted fee on behalf of any Indian tribe or individual Indian; and (II) any rights-of-way on that land in ef-fect; (B) how the information from the database is made available to— (i) the officials of the Bureau of Indian Af-fairs with responsibility over the manage-ment and development of Indian resources; and (ii) resource owners; and (C) any barriers to identifying the informa-tion described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) or any deficiencies in that information; and (3) an evaluation of— (A) the ability of each applicable agency to track and monitor the review and approval process of the agency for Indian energy de-velopment; and (B) the extent to which each applicable agency complies with any intermediate and final deadlines. TITLE II—MISCELLANEOUS AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 201. ISSUANCE OF PRELIMINARY PERMITS OR LICENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7(a) of the Fed-eral Power Act (16 U.S.C. 800(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘States and municipalities’’ and inserting ‘‘States, Indian tribes, and munici-palities’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall not affect— (1) any preliminary permit or original li-cense issued before the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Determination Act Amendments of 2017; or (2) an application for an original license, if the Commission has issued a notice accept-ing that application for filing pursuant to section 4.32(d) of title 18, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), be-fore the date of enactment of the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self-Deter-mination Act Amendments of 2017. (c) D
EFINITION OF INDIAN TRIBE.—For pur- poses of section 7(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 800(a)) (as amended by sub-section (a)), the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). SEC. 202. TRIBAL BIOMASS DEMONSTRATION PROJECT. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to establish a biomass demonstration project for federally recognized Indian tribes and Alaska Native corporations to promote biomass energy production. (b) T
RIBAL BIOMASS DEMONSTRATION  P
ROJECT .—The Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 2(a), by striking ‘‘In this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘In this Act’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 3. TRIBAL BIOMASS DEMONSTRATION PROJECT. 
‘‘(a) S TEWARDSHIP CONTRACTS OR SIMILAR  A
GREEMENTS .—For each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021, the Secretary shall enter into stewardship contracts or similar agreements (excluding direct service contracts) with In-dian tribes to carry out demonstration projects to promote biomass energy produc-tion (including biofuel, heat, and electricity generation) on Indian forest land and in nearby communities by providing reliable supplies of woody biomass from Federal land. ‘‘(b) D
EMONSTRATION PROJECTS .—In each fiscal year for which projects are authorized, at least 4 new demonstration projects that meet the eligibility criteria described in sub-section (c) shall be carried out under con-tracts or agreements described in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY CRITERIA .—To be eligible to enter into a contract or agreement under this section, an Indian tribe shall submit to the Secretary an application— ‘‘(1) containing such information as the Secretary may require; and ‘‘(2) that includes a description of— ‘‘(A) the Indian forest land or rangeland under the jurisdiction of the Indian tribe; and ‘‘(B) the demonstration project proposed to be carried out by the Indian tribe. ‘‘(d) S
ELECTION .—In evaluating the applica-tions submitted under subsection (c), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) take into consideration— ‘‘(A) the factors set forth in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 2(e); and ‘‘(B) whether a proposed project would— ‘‘(i) increase the availability or reliability of local or regional energy; ‘‘(ii) enhance the economic development of the Indian tribe; ‘‘(iii) result in or improve the connection of electric power transmission facilities serv-ing the Indian tribe with other electric transmission facilities; ‘‘(iv) improve the forest health or water-sheds of Federal land or Indian forest land or rangeland; ‘‘(v) demonstrate new investments in infra-structure; or ‘‘(vi) otherwise promote the use of woody biomass; and ‘‘(2) exclude from consideration any mer-chantable logs that have been identified by the Secretary for commercial sale. ‘‘(e) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) ensure that the criteria described in subsection (c) are publicly available by not later than 120 days after the date of enact-ment of this section; and ‘‘(2) to the maximum extent practicable, consult with Indian tribes and appropriate intertribal organizations likely to be af-fected in developing the application and oth-erwise carrying out this section. ‘‘(f) R
EPORT .—Not later than September 20, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.044 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7496 November 29, 2017 
a report that describes, with respect to the reporting period— ‘‘(1) each individual tribal application re-ceived under this section; and ‘‘(2) each contract and agreement entered into pursuant to this section. ‘‘(g) I
NCORPORATION OF MANAGEMENT  P
LANS .—In carrying out a contract or agree-ment under this section, on receipt of a re-quest from an Indian tribe, the Secretary shall incorporate into the contract or agree-ment, to the maximum extent practicable, management plans (including forest manage-ment and integrated resource management plans) in effect on the Indian forest land or rangeland of the respective Indian tribe. ‘‘(h) T
ERM.—A contract or agreement en-tered into under this section— ‘‘(1) shall be for a term of not more than 20 years; and ‘‘(2) may be renewed in accordance with this section for not more than an additional 10 years.’’. (c) A
LASKA NATIVE BIOMASS DEMONSTRA -
TION PROJECT .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means— (i) land of the National Forest System (as defined in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a)) administered by the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service; and (ii) public lands (as defined in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702)), the surface of which is administered by the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the Bureau of Land Management. (B) I
NDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Edu-cation Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (C) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means— (i) the Secretary of Agriculture, with re-spect to land under the jurisdiction of the Forest Service; and (ii) the Secretary of the Interior, with re-spect to land under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management. (D) T
RIBAL ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘trib-al organization’’ has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). (2) A
GREEMENTS .—For each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement or contract with an In-dian tribe or a tribal organization to carry out a demonstration project to promote bio-mass energy production (including biofuel, heat, and electricity generation) by pro-viding reliable supplies of woody biomass from Federal land. (3) D
EMONSTRATION PROJECTS .—In each fis-cal year for which projects are authorized, at least 1 new demonstration project that meets the eligibility criteria described in paragraph (4) shall be carried out under con-tracts or agreements described in paragraph (2). (4) E
LIGIBILITY CRITERIA .—To be eligible to enter into a contract or agreement under this subsection, an Indian tribe or tribal or-ganization shall submit to the Secretary an application— (A) containing such information as the Secretary may require; and (B) that includes a description of the dem-onstration project proposed to be carried out by the Indian tribe or tribal organization. (5) S
ELECTION .—In evaluating the applica-tions submitted under paragraph (4), the Sec-retary shall— (A) take into consideration whether a pro-posed project would— (i) increase the availability or reliability of local or regional energy; (ii) enhance the economic development of the Indian tribe; (iii) result in or improve the connection of electric power transmission facilities serving the Indian tribe with other electric trans-mission facilities; (iv) improve the forest health or water-sheds of Federal land or non-Federal land; (v) demonstrate new investments in infra-structure; or (vi) otherwise promote the use of woody biomass; and (B) exclude from consideration any mer-chantable logs that have been identified by the Secretary for commercial sale. (6) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall— (A) ensure that the criteria described in paragraph (4) are publicly available by not later than 120 days after the date of enact-ment of this subsection; and (B) to the maximum extent practicable, consult with Indian tribes and appropriate tribal organizations likely to be affected in developing the application and otherwise carrying out this subsection. (7) R
EPORT .—Not later than September 20, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that describes, with respect to the reporting period— (A) each individual application received under this subsection; and (B) each contract and agreement entered into pursuant to this subsection. (8) T
ERM.—A contract or agreement en-tered into under this subsection— (A) shall be for a term of not more than 20 years; and (B) may be renewed in accordance with this subsection for not more than an addi-tional 10 years. 
SEC. 203. WEATHERIZATION PROGRAM. 
Section 413(d) of the Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6863(d)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) R
ESERVATION OF AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B) and notwithstanding any other provision of this part, the Secretary shall reserve from amounts that would otherwise be allocated to a State under this part not less than 100 percent, but not more than 150 percent, of an amount which bears the same proportion to the allocation of that State for the applica-ble fiscal year as the population of all low- income members of an Indian tribe in that State bears to the population of all low-in-come individuals in that State. ‘‘(B) R
ESTRICTIONS .—Subparagraph (A) shall apply only if— ‘‘(i) the tribal organization serving the low-income members of the applicable Indian tribe requests that the Secretary make a grant directly; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary determines that the low-income members of the applicable Indian tribe would be equally or better served by making a grant directly than a grant made to the State in which the low-income mem-bers reside. ‘‘(C) P
RESUMPTION .—If the tribal organiza-tion requesting the grant is a tribally des-ignated housing entity (as defined in section 4 of the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103)) that has operated without material audit exceptions (or without any material audit exceptions that were not corrected within a 3-year period), the Secretary shall presume that the low-income members of the applicable Indian tribe would be equally or better served by making a grant directly to the tribal organization than by a grant made to the State in which the low-income mem-bers reside.’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘The sums’’ and inserting ‘‘ADMINISTRATION .—The amounts’’; (B) by striking ‘‘on the basis of his deter-mination’’; (C) by striking ‘‘individuals for whom such a determination has been made’’ and insert-ing ‘‘low-income members of the Indian tribe’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘he’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary’’; and (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘In order’’ and inserting ‘‘A
PPLICATION .—In order’’. 
SEC. 204. APPRAISALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XXVI of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (25 U.S.C. 3501 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2607. APPRAISALS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For any transaction that requires approval of the Secretary and involves mineral or energy resources held in trust by the United States for the benefit of an Indian tribe or by an Indian tribe subject to Federal restrictions against alienation, any appraisal relating to fair market value of those resources required to be prepared under applicable law may be prepared by— ‘‘(1) the Secretary; ‘‘(2) the affected Indian tribe; or ‘‘(3) a certified, third-party appraiser pur-suant to a contract with the Indian tribe. ‘‘(b) S
ECRETARIAL REVIEW AND APPROVAL .— Not later than 45 days after the date on which the Secretary receives an appraisal prepared by or for an Indian tribe under paragraph (2) or (3) of subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(1) review the appraisal; and ‘‘(2) approve the appraisal unless the Sec-retary determines that the appraisal fails to meet the standards set forth in regulations promulgated under subsection (d). ‘‘(c) N
OTICE OF DISAPPROVAL .—If the Sec-retary determines that an appraisal sub-mitted for approval under subsection (b) should be disapproved, the Secretary shall give written notice of the disapproval to the Indian tribe and a description of— ‘‘(1) each reason for the disapproval; and ‘‘(2) how the appraisal should be corrected or otherwise cured to meet the applicable standards set forth in the regulations pro-mulgated under subsection (d). ‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall promulgate regulations to carry out this sec-tion, including standards the Secretary shall use for approving or disapproving the ap-praisal described in subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 205. LEASES OF RESTRICTED LANDS FOR NAVAJO NATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e)(1) of the first section of the Act of August 9, 1955 (commonly known as the ‘‘Long-Term Leas-ing Act’’) (25 U.S.C. 415(e)(1)), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘, except a lease for’’ and inserting ‘‘, including a lease for’’; (2) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) in the case of a business or agricul-tural lease, 99 years;’’; (3) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) in the case of a lease for the explo-ration, development, or extraction of any mineral resource (including geothermal re-sources), 25 years, except that— ‘‘(i) any such lease may include an option to renew for 1 additional term of not to ex-ceed 25 years; and ‘‘(ii) any such lease for the exploration, de-velopment, or extraction of an oil or gas re-source shall be for a term of not to exceed 10 years, plus such additional period as the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.044 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7497 November 29, 2017 
Navajo Nation determines to be appropriate in any case in which an oil or gas resource is produced in a paying quantity.’’. (b) GAO R
EPORT .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall prepare and submit to Congress a re-port describing the progress made in car-rying out the amendment made by sub-section (a). 
SEC. 206. EXTENSION OF TRIBAL LEASE PERIOD FOR THE CROW TRIBE OF MONTANA. 
Subsection (a) of the first section of the Act of August 9, 1955 (25 U.S.C. 415(a)), is amended in the second sentence by inserting ‘‘, land held in trust for the Crow Tribe of Montana’’ after ‘‘Devils Lake Sioux Reserva-tion’’. 
SEC. 207. TRUST STATUS OF LEASE PAYMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF SECRETARY .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of the Interior. (b) T
REATMENT OF LEASE PAYMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2) and at the request of the In-dian tribe or individual Indian, any advance payments, bid deposits, or other earnest money received by the Secretary in connec-tion with the review and Secretarial ap-proval under any other Federal law (includ-ing regulations) of a sale, lease, permit, or any other conveyance of any interest in any trust or restricted land of any Indian tribe or individual Indian shall, upon receipt and prior to Secretarial approval of the contract or conveyance instrument, be held in the trust fund system for the benefit of the In-dian tribe and individual Indian from whose land the funds were generated. (2) R
ESTRICTION .—If the advance payment, bid deposit, or other earnest money received by the Secretary results from competitive bidding, upon selection of the successful bid-der, only the funds paid by the successful bidder shall be held in the trust fund system. (c) U
SE OF FUNDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On the approval of the Secretary of a contract or other instrument for a sale, lease, permit, or any other con-veyance described in subsection (b)(1), the funds held in the trust fund system and de-scribed in subsection (b), along with all in-come generated from the investment of those funds, shall be disbursed to the Indian tribe or individual Indian landowners. (2) A
DMINISTRATION .—If a contract or other instrument for a sale, lease, permit, or any other conveyance described in subsection (b)(1) is not approved by the Secretary, the funds held in the trust fund system and de-scribed in subsection (b), along with all in-come generated from the investment of those funds, shall be paid to the party identified in, and in such amount and on such terms as set out in, the applicable regulations, adver-tisement, or other notice governing the pro-posed conveyance of the interest in the land at issue. (d) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply to any advance payment, bid deposit, or other earnest money received by the Sec-retary in connection with the review and Secretarial approval under any other Fed-eral law (including regulations) of a sale, lease, permit, or any other conveyance of any interest in any trust or restricted land of any Indian tribe or individual Indian on or after the date of enactment of this Act. f 
RESPECT ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 105, S. 343. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 343) to repeal certain obsolete laws relating to Indians. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 343) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 343 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Repealing Existing Substandard Provisions Encour-aging Conciliation with Tribes Act’’ or the ‘‘RESPECT Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REPEAL OF CERTAIN OBSOLETE LAWS RE-LATING TO INDIANS. 
(1) Section 2080 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 72) is repealed. (2) Section 2100 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 127) is repealed. (3) Section 2 of the Act of March 3, 1875 (18 Stat. 449, chapter 132; 25 U.S.C. 128), is re-pealed. (4) The first section of the Act of March 3, 1875 (18 Stat. 424, chapter 132; 25 U.S.C. 129), is amended under the heading ‘‘CHEYENNES AND ARAPAHOES.’’ by striking ‘‘; that the Secretary of the Interior be authorized to withhold, from any tribe of Indians who may hold any captives other than Indians, any moneys due them from the United States until said captives shall be surrendered to the lawful authorities of the United States’’. (5) Section 2087 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 130) is repealed. (6) Section 3 of the Act of March 3, 1875 (18 Stat. 449, chapter 132; 25 U.S.C. 137), is re-pealed. (7) Section 2101 of the Revised Statutes (25 U.S.C. 138) is repealed. (8) Section 7 of the Act of June 23, 1879 (21 Stat. 35, chapter 35; 25 U.S.C. 273), is re-pealed. (9) The first section of the Act of March 3, 1893 (27 Stat. 612, chapter 209), is amended— (A) under the heading ‘‘MISCELLANEOUS SUPPORTS.’’ (27 Stat. 628; 25 U.S.C. 283), by striking the last 2 undesignated paragraphs; and (B) under the heading ‘‘FOR SUPPORT OF SCHOOLS.’’ (27 Stat. 635; 25 U.S.C. 283), by striking the second undesignated paragraph. (10) Section 18 of the Act of June 30, 1913 (38 Stat. 96, chapter 4; 25 U.S.C. 285), is amended by striking the tenth undesignated paragraph. (11) The Act of June 21, 1906 (34 Stat. 325, chapter 3504), is amended under the heading ‘‘COMMISSIONER.’’ under the heading ‘‘I. GENERAL PROVISIONS.’’ (34 Stat. 328; 25 U.S.C. 302) by striking the fourth undesig-nated paragraph. f 
COLUMBIA RIVER IN-LIEU AND TREATY FISHING ACCESS SITES IMPROVEMENT ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 193, S. 669. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 669) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to assess sanitation and safety conditions at Bureau of Indian Affairs facili-ties that were constructed to provide af-fected Columbia River Treaty tribes access to traditional fishing grounds and expend funds on construction of facilities and struc-tures to improve those conditions, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Hoeven amendment at the desk be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be con-sidered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 1638) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To authorize a study of the pro-gram to assess sanitation and safety condi-tions at Bureau of Indian Affairs facilities that were constructed to provide affected Columbia River Treaty tribes access to traditional fishing grounds and make re-lated improvements) At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 3. STUDY OF ASSESSMENT AND IMPROVE-MENT ACTIVITIES. 
The Comptroller General of the United States, in consultation with the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate, shall— (1) conduct a study to evaluate whether the sanitation and safety conditions on lands held by the United States for the benefit of the affected Columbia River Treaty tribes (as defined in section 2) have improved as a result of the activities authorized in section 2; and (2) prepare and submit to the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report containing the re-sults of that study. 
The bill (S. 669), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 669 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Columbia River In-Lieu and Treaty Fishing Access Sites Improvement Act’’. 
SEC. 2. SANITATION AND SAFETY CONDITIONS AT CERTAIN BUREAU OF INDIAN AF-FAIRS FACILITIES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT OF CONDITIONS .—The Sec- retary of the Interior, acting through the Bureau of Indian Affairs, in consultation with the affected Columbia River Treaty tribes, may assess current sanitation and safety conditions on lands held by the United States for the benefit of the affected Colum-bia River Treaty tribes, including all perma-nent Federal structures and improvements on those lands, that were set aside to provide affected Columbia River Treaty tribes access to traditional fishing grounds— (1) in accordance with the Act of March 2, 1945 (59 Stat. 10, chapter 19) (commonly known as the ‘‘River and Harbor Act of 1945’’); or (2) in accordance with title IV of Public Law 100–581 (102 Stat. 2944). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.044 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7498 November 29, 2017 
(b) E XCLUSIVE AUTHORIZATION ; C ON-
TRACTS .—The Secretary of the Interior, act-ing through the Bureau of Indian Affairs— (1) subject to paragraph (2)(B), shall be the only Federal agency authorized to carry out the activities described in this section; and (2) may delegate the authority to carry out activities described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (c)— (A) through one or more contracts entered into with an Indian tribe or tribal organiza-tion under the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.); or (B) to include other Federal agencies that have relevant expertise. (c) D
EFINITION OF AFFECTED COLUMBIA  R
IVER TREATY TRIBES .—In this section, the term ‘‘affected Columbia River Treaty tribes’’ means the Nez Perce Tribe, the Con-federated Tribes of Umatilla Indian Reserva-tion, the Confederated Tribes of the Warm Springs Reservation of Oregon, and the Con-federated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of the Interior such sums as are necessary, to remain available until ex-pended— (1) for improvements to existing structures and infrastructure to improve sanitation and safety conditions assessed under subsection (a); and (2) to improve access to electricity, sewer, and water infrastructure, where feasible, to reflect needs for sanitary and safe use of fa-cilities referred to in subsection (a). f 
AMBER ALERT IN INDIAN COUNTRY ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 209, S. 772. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 772) to amend the PROTECT Act to make Indian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert grants. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 772) was ordered to be en-grossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 772 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘AMBER Alert in Indian Country Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. AMBER ALERT GRANTS FOR INDIAN TRIBES. 
Section 304 of the PROTECT Act (42 U.S.C. 5791c) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘and In-dian tribes’’ after ‘‘States’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(4) the integration of State or regional AMBER Alert communication plans with an Indian tribe; and’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Federal’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Federal’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) W
AIVER OF FEDERAL SHARE .—If the At- torney General determines that an Indian tribe does not have sufficient funds available to comply with the Federal share require-ment under paragraph (1) for the cost of ac-tivities funded by a grant for the purpose de-scribed in subsection (b)(4), the Attorney General may increase the Federal share of the costs for such activities to the extent the Attorney General determines necessary.’’; (4) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘for grants under’’ and inserting ‘‘and standards to improve accountability and transparency for grants awarded under’’; (5) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); (6) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) D
EFINITION OF INDIAN TRIBE.—In this section, the term ‘Indian tribe’ means a fed-erally recognized Indian tribe or a Native village, Regional Corporation, or Village Corporation (as those terms are defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settle-ment Act (43 U.S.C. 1602)).’’; and (7) in subsection (g)(1), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘2004’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2018’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(3)’’ and in-serting ‘‘paragraphs (3) and (4) of subsection (b)’’. 
SEC. 3. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Attorney General shall submit a report evaluating the readi-ness, education, and training needs, techno-logical challenges, and specific obstacles en-countered by Indian tribes in the integration of State or regional AMBER Alert commu-nication plans to— (1) the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate; (2) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (3) the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives; and (4) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. f 
SOUTHEAST ALASKA REGIONAL HEALTH CONSORTIUM LAND TRANSFER ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 247, S. 825. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 825) to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium located in Sitka, Alaska, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Southeast Alas-ka Regional Health Consortium Land Transfer Act of 2017’’. SEC. 2. CONVEYANCE OF PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable, but not later than 2 years, after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall convey to the Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium located in Sitka, Alaska (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Consortium’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the property de-scribed in section 3 for use in connection with health and social services programs. (b) E
FFECT ON ANYQUITCLAIM DEED.—The conveyance by the Secretary of title by war-ranty deeds under this section shall, on the ef-fective date of the conveyance, supersede and render of no future effect any quitclaim deed to the property described in section 3 executed by the Secretary and the Consortium. (c) C
ONDITIONS .—The conveyance of the prop-erty under this Act— (1) shall be made by warranty deed; and (2) shall not— (A) require any consideration from the Con-sortium for the property; (B) impose any obligation, term, or condition on the Consortium; or (C) allow for any reversionary interest of the United States in the property. 
SEC. 3. PROPERTY DESCRIBED. 
The property, including all land and appur-tenances, described in this section is the prop-erty included in U.S. Survey 1496, Lots 3, 5, 6, 9, 10, 11A, 11A Parcel A, and 11B, partially sur-veyed Township 55 South, Range 63 East of the Copper River Meridian, containing 19.07 acres, in Sitka, Alaska. 
SEC. 4. ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY. 
(a) L IABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Consortium shall not be liable for any soil, surface water, groundwater, or other contamination resulting from the dis-posal, release, or presence of any environmental contamination on any portion of the property described in section 3 on or before the date on which the property is conveyed to the Consor-tium, except that the Secretary shall not be lia-ble for any contamination that occurred after the date on which the Consortium controlled, occupied, and used such property. (2) E
NVIRONMENTAL CONTAMINATION .—An en- vironmental contamination described in para-graph (1) includes any oil or petroleum prod-ucts, hazardous substances, hazardous mate-rials, hazardous waste, pollutants, toxic sub-stances, solid waste, or any other environmental contamination or hazard as defined in any Fed-eral or State of Alaska law. (b) E
ASEMENT .—The Secretary shall be ac-corded any easement or access to the property conveyed under this Act as may be reasonably necessary to satisfy any retained obligation or liability of the Secretary. (c) N
OTICE OF HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE ACTIV-
ITY AND WARRANTY .—In carrying out this Act, the Secretary shall comply with subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 120(h)(3) of the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)(3)). 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; and that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 825), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO6.055 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7499 November 29, 2017 
OREGON TRIBAL ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 249, S. 1285. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1285) to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Con-federated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, and the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians to lease or transfer certain lands. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Indian Affairs, with amendments, as follows: (The parts of the bill intended to be stricken are shown in boldface brack-ets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italics.) 
S. 1285 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Oregon Trib-al Economic Development Act’’. 
SEC. 2. APPROVAL NOT REQUIRED TO VALIDATE LAND TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, without further ap-proval, ratification, or authorization by the United States, the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Con-federated Tribes of Warm Springs, øand¿ the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes may lease, sell, convey, warrant, or otherwise transfer all or any part of its in-terests in any real property that is not held in trust by the United States for the benefit of such tribe. (b) T
RUST LAND NOTAFFECTED .—Nothing in this section shall— (1) authorize the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Con-federated Tribes of Warm Springs, øand¿ the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians , the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes to lease, sell, convey, warrant, or oth-erwise transfer all or any part of an interest in any real property that is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of such tribe; or (2) affect the operation of any law gov-erning leasing, selling, conveying, war-ranting, or otherwise transferring any inter-est in such trust land. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the committee-reported amendments be agreed to; that the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed; that the committee- reported title amendment be agreed to; and that the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were agreed to. The bill (S. 1285), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: S. 1285 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Oregon Trib-al Economic Development Act’’. 
SEC. 2. APPROVAL NOT REQUIRED TO VALIDATE LAND TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, without further ap-proval, ratification, or authorization by the United States, the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Con-federated Tribes of Warm Springs, øand¿ the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes may lease, sell, convey, warrant, or otherwise transfer all or any part of its in-terests in any real property that is not held in trust by the United States for the benefit of such tribe. (b) T
RUST LAND NOTAFFECTED .—Nothing in this section shall— (1) authorize the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Community of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Con-federated Tribes of Warm Springs, øand¿ the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians , the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes to lease, sell, convey, warrant, or oth-erwise transfer all or any part of an interest in any real property that is held in trust by the United States for the benefit of such tribe; or (2) affect the operation of any law gov-erning leasing, selling, conveying, war-ranting, or otherwise transferring any inter-est in such trust land. Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confed-erated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Commu-nity of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes to lease or transfer certain lands.’’. 
The committee-reported title amend-ment was agreed to, as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confed-erated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Commu-nity of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz Indians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes to lease or transfer certain lands.’’. f 
TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT— Continued 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY , NOVEMBER 30 , 2017 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10:30 a.m., Thursday, No-vember 30; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of H.R. 1, under the pre-vious order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senators P
ORTMAN , V ANHOLLEN , W
ARREN , and W YDEN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, to-night I want to talk about the oppor-tunity we have before us in the Senate, and that is for tax reform that can truly help our economy and help the middle-class families we represent. It is a once-in-a-generation opportunity. The last time we reformed our Tax Code in any substantial way was 31 years ago. Ronald Reagan was Presi-dent and Pete Rose was still playing for the Cincinnati Reds. That is how long ago it was. In 1986, tax reform gave our economy a much needed shot in the arm, and it led to more jobs and higher wages in the 1980s and 1990s. Now, 31 years later, after a decade of disappointing growth and flat wages, we need that shot in the arm again. We need a tax code that better re-flects the needs of today’s workers, to-day’s families, and our 21st century economy. There is bipartisan agree-ment that the Tax Code is broken— hopelessly broken—and it is up to Con-gress to fix it. No one else can. Through the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act now before us, we have a chance in the Congress to create a better economy and a better future. We have to get this done for the people we represent. It starts with tax cuts for the middle class. While the economy has seen some improvement recently, and I saw some good numbers today for last quar-ter’s growth, the people I represent, hard-working Ohioans, and people across the country are not feeling these benefits of a growing economy. For more than a decade now, expenses have increased, including healthcare costs, which have increased the high-est, at a time when wages have been flat. When you take inflation into ac-count, wages have stayed relatively flat for almost two decades. That in-crease in expenses and flat wages is the middle-class squeeze, and people are feeling it. For years, my colleagues on both sides of the aisle have been calling for middle-class tax cuts to help ease this burden. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will actually deliver. The proposal helps us in a lot of ways but three main ways. First, there is a doubling of the standard deduction. This is a doubling 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.072 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7500 November 29, 2017 
for families from $12,000 to $24,000. That means, for a lot of families in America, the first $24,000 is a zero tax bracket. Two-thirds of Ohioans already, by the way, use the standard deduction. The estimate is, now that we are doubling it, over 90 percent of Ohioans will use that standard deduction. That helps to keep the tax bill down but also is a tre-mendous simplification of our Tax Code. Second is the doubling of the child tax credit. That is in this legislation. The American dream starts with the American family, and parents shouldn’t have to reconsider starting a family because of the financial burden that comes with it. This doubling of the child tax credit will help working families afford childcare and will help strengthen middle-class family budgets all across the country. By the way, it includes increasing the refundability of that tax credit for taxpayers who don’t have any income tax liability. Third, of course, is lowering tax rates. There are tax rates that are low-ered all across the board for middle- class families. The independent Tax Foundation estimates that the tax cuts in this proposal will save an Ohio fam-ily at the median income level 2,375 bucks a year. That almost $2,400 a year is a big deal. A lot of the people I rep-resent and others represent here in this Chamber are living paycheck to pay-check, and this matters. More money staying in the pockets of working fami-lies to make that car payment, to pay for healthcare, maybe put a little money aside for retirement, is a big deal. We also know from the Tax Founda-tion that the lower rates in this plan will benefit families across middle- class income brackets. For example, a family with two kids making $50,000 a year will see a 36-percent tax break, a 36-percent reduction in their tax liabil-ity. For a family with two kids making about $85,000 a year, there is a 20-per-cent reduction in their tax liability. And for a family with two kids making about $165,000 a year, there is an 8-per-cent reduction in their tax liability. So there is tax relief across the board, but the biggest proportional tax cut goes to the folks who need it the most. This chart shows this. For people who are in these income categories— $20,000 to $50,000, $50,000 to $100,00, $100,000 and above—right now paying 4.3 percent in taxes from $20,000 to $50,000, under this proposal, according to the Joint Committee on Taxation and the Tax Foundation, it goes down to 4.1 percent. So the burden is reduced for people at the lower end. From $50,000 to $100,000, the burden is also lower, from 16.9 percent to 16.7 percent. For those people with $100,000 and above, the burden right now is about 78.7 percent. The top 10 percent of wage earners pay about 70 percent of the taxes. That actually goes up from 78.7 to 78.9. So this notion that we have heard today that somehow these middle-class tax cuts are not proportionally helping those at the lower end is simply not true. This is the data. Go on jct.gov— Joint Committee on Taxation—and look for yourself. Go on the Tax Foun-dation site, and you can look at your family income, look at your situation, and determine how doubling the stand-ard deduction, doubling the child tax credit, and reducing tax rates will ben-efit you. The biggest proportional tax cuts, again, go to people who need it the most. In total, by the way, when these tax cuts are implemented, it is estimated that approximately 3 million Ameri-cans who are currently paying taxes will no longer be paying income taxes. They will be off the rolls altogether. That is tax cuts for middle-class fami-lies, for families who need it the most. Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have suggested that our plan will hurt families with in-comes below $30,000 because there is a Joint Committee on Taxation report that, because of arcane budget rules, counts repealing the individual man-date as a tax hike. This is an inter-esting perspective, but I reject it be-cause I don’t think stopping the ObamaCare individual mandate and people choosing not to buy health in-surance and therefore not having both the cost of the Affordable Care Act and the ObamaCare tax credits that come with that healthcare is a tax hike. In other words, what they are saying is that because somebody doesn’t choose to buy healthcare partly because it is too expensive and therefore doesn’t get the tax credits that come with that, that somehow that is a tax hike. That doesn’t make sense to me, and I don’t think it makes sense to most Ameri-cans. What the Joint Committee on Tax-ation did say repeatedly at our com-mittee markup 2 weeks ago is that when you don’t consider this issue— again, choosing not to buy healthcare insurance a hike—that our plan does give every single income group, includ-ing those under $30,000, a tax cut. As noted earlier, the biggest percentage tax cuts goes to those with lower in-comes, and that is appropriate. Those are the folks who need it the most. What we do know is that right now the individual mandate is an onerous tax by itself. The Supreme Court has called it a tax. It is a tax on people that disproportionately affects lower to middle-class Americans. In fact, 80 percent of the individual mandate falls on folks making less than $50,000 a year and their families. In Ohio, by the way, that figure is about 83 percent. Eighty- three percent of that individual man-date tax falls on people in households that make less than $50,000 a year. Getting rid of this penalty removes the financial burden unfairly affecting those working families, and then we use the savings from that, that the Congressional Budget Office says we get from this, to increase the child tax credit and to reduce tax rates on the middle class. That is one reason we have better middle-class tax cuts in our bill. Providing immediate relief to the family budget is incredibly important, but beyond that, the tax reforms on the business side will make American workers and companies more competi-tive, create more jobs and better wages, and that, to me, is just as im-portant in terms of helping middle- class families in my home State of Ohio. Why? Because when you reform the business tax code to make it com-petitive, the benefit goes to workers and working-class families all over this country. The United States now has the high-est corporate tax rate in the industri-alized world. One study by the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that workers bear 70 percent of the burden of our corporate tax rate being so high. Others say it is less than that, and others say it is more than that, but all say that workers benefit. If we lower that rate below the average of the other industrialized countries, our workers will benefit through high-er wages and better benefits. And by the way, that benefits middle-class families well beyond these direct tax cuts we were talking about earlier. A recent study by Ernst & Young, the accounting firm, said that if we had had the tax rate that we have in this proposal—a 20-percent tax rate—on these businesses, if we had had that in place since 2004, there would be 4,700 more U.S. companies today. Let me re-peat that. They are saying that 4,700 companies that were American compa-nies have become foreign companies because of our Tax Code, and if we had put in place these changes back 13 years ago, those companies would still be American companies, hiring more American workers, and investing more money here. We did some research on this, some investigation in the Permanent Sub-committee on Investigations over the past few years, and we determined that, in fact, when companies are taken over by a foreign company be-cause of our Tax Code or when U.S. companies choose to go overseas and invert because of our Tax Code, what happens? We lose jobs, and we lose in-vestment here in this country. It mat-ters, and it matters a lot to the com-munities where those employees are lost and where those businesses have left. The 20-percent tax rate is going to mean more jobs and more investment coming right here to this country in-stead of going overseas. It is also true that there will be more foreign investment here. Companies are now trying to decide whether they are going to invest in America or whether they are going to invest in some other country with a lower tax rate, and with the expensing we have in this bill, to be able to write down new investments they are making, it is going to encourage them to make an investment here in the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.075 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7501 November 29, 2017 
rather than in other countries. That will increase jobs too. By the way, the Tax Foundation esti-mates that because of the new invest-ment and the higher productivity that comes with it because of this tax re-form proposal, we will create nearly 1 million new Americans jobs and more than 35,000 jobs alone in my home State of Ohio. In addition to providing relief for middle-class families and making busi-ness rates more competitive for Amer-ican companies and workers, this tax reform does a lot to level the playing field internationally. This is very im-portant. Right now, American workers are forced to compete with one hand tied behind their back because of our Tax Code. A broken tax code is some-thing that must be fixed because it is irresponsible to tell the American peo-ple: You have to get out there and com-pete, but guess what—your foreign competitor has a big advantage over you. It is crazy that Congress has allowed this opportunity to go by for so many years. The situation where companies are actually encouraged to move over-seas and keep their profits overseas makes no sense. Right now, it is esti-mated there is between $2.5 trillion and $3 trillion of earnings trapped overseas because of this outdated Tax Code. Think about that. That money can come back here and be invested here in plants and jobs and equipment. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act says to those companies: We want your money back here. We want you to invest in Amer-ica. The result will lift the economic condition of our entire country. This week, 137 of the country’s lead-ing economists wrote an open letter to Congress in support of this tax reform bill. These former heads of government agencies, leaders of economic policy groups, and leading academics said, quite simply: 
Economic growth will accelerate if the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passes, leading to more jobs, higher wages, and a better standard of living for the American people. 
That is by 137 economists in an open letter. I encourage you to take a look at it online. These are people who un-derstand what the impact of the policy we make here is going to be on deci-sions that are being made all around the country. We can debate the exact growth amount that will result from this bill, and we will have a spirited debate on that this week, but we all have to agree that this will help to grow the economy if we are following basic eco-nomic theory. By the way, their letter also states that ‘‘$1 trillion in new tax revenue for the federal government can be gen-erated by four-tenths of a percentage in GDP growth.’’ In other words, what they are saying is that if there is just a slight increase in economic growth because of this tax reform bill, com-pared to the number we have to use here, that this will result in actual new revenue coming in to the government to pay down the debt. I am convinced that is going to happen for a very sim-ple reason. We have to use a very low number on economic growth. Under our rules, we have to use a CBO—Congres-sional Budget Office—number of 1.9 percent economic growth over the next 10 years. By the way, the average over the past 30 years has been 2.5 percent. We just learned today that the average last quarter was 3.3 percent. The aver-age the quarter before that, the second quarter, was 3.1 percent. This tax reform proposal will help to actually increase economic growth, but even if you don’t believe that, 1.9 per-cent economic growth is unacceptable. We cannot accept that as a country. We can and must do better than that. We will do better than that, and this tax reform proposal will be one reason. So I am convinced that the four-tenth’s increase—up to 2.3 percent—is still very conservative and that we will be able to do better than that, as we have over the past 30 years, as we have tra-ditionally in this country. When you hear my colleagues on the other side talk about this bill being bad for the deficit, I think you ought to think about that. This means that they are resigning themselves to 1.9 percent economic growth. That, to me, is not acceptable for our country, and I don’t think that is what we will see. Of the $44 trillion in new revenue es-timated to be coming in over the next 10 years, yes, out of that amount, we are suggesting $1.5 trillion be a tax cut relative to that, again, very low eco-nomic growth of 1.9 percent. About a third of that, by the way, is by simply using what we should use, which is the right policy baseline, so you end up with about $1 trillion in tax relief. And again, over 10 years, with $44 trillion coming in and with what the economists are saying about it gen-erating more revenue through eco-nomic growth, I am convinced we are going to do better than that 1.9 per-cent. I believe the pro-growth changes in this bill will help drive economic growth in ways that help every Amer-ican family. We are in a position now, if we pass this bill, to be able to help all the people who are now looking at a tough time making ends meet—it is difficult for a lot of people living pay-check to paycheck—but it will also help to grow the economy generally. Businesses and organizations all around the country are supporting this legislation because they believe it is going to help American families. We have about 120 groups already as of yesterday who are supporting us: the National Federation of Independent Business, which is the group that rep-resents most of the small businesses in America; the Family Business Council, which represents a lot of small busi-nesses that will benefit greatly from the changes we have not just with the corporation rate but also with how we deal with companies that are consid-ered to be passthrough companies, the smaller companies. The National Re-tail Federation is strongly in support of this bill. The Small Business and En-trepreneurship Council supports this reform plan and the opportunities it has to create more economic growth for small businesses, to let them be more competitive. You can look at some of the groups here, some of the roughly 120 groups that are supporting this legislation. Why? Because they know it is going to help. Big businesses will benefit and be more competitive; therefore their workers can compete. Through these pro-growth policies, small businesses are going to be able to grow and be more entrepreneurial, to come up with more innovations and expand employ-ment. We can estimate the savings for the middle-class family in every tax brack-et, as I said, but what can’t be meas-ured as easily is the economic boost this is going to have for everybody. We are giving families freedom to spend more of their own money the way they see fit. We are putting faith in the American entrepreneurs and businesses to compete in a global market. We are bringing back some of that money that is locked up overseas. We are creating a fairer tax system that encourages jobs and investment here in this coun-try rather than overseas. That is all good stuff. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is made in America and it is made for America. We need to come together now as a Congress—and I hope we will get sup-port from the other side of the aisle as well—to pass this once-in-a-generation legislation to benefit our country. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. SCOTT). The Senator from Massachu-setts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, Senate Republicans are about 24 hours away from passing a bill that would make middle-class families in this country pay more taxes so big corporations and millionaires can pay less. A bill like that would never really make sense, but it really, really doesn’t make sense right now. Since 1980, corporate profits have shot through the roof, while wages for work-ing people have remained pretty much the same. With corporate profits up and family incomes flat, who is paying the cost of running the government? Thanks to Congress, over the past 50 years, corporations have gone from picking up about 25 percent of what it costs to run the government to picking up about 9 percent or, to say it another way, hard-working families now pick up a much bigger share of the cost of running our government. I don’t care whether you are a Demo-crat or a Republican, this just isn’t fair. Corporations are wallowing in profits while hard-pressed families are picking up the bill for our military, for our government agencies, for homeland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.077 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7502 November 29, 2017 
security, for our infrastructure, and for everything else we have to pitch in to pay for. Here comes the Republican tax bill, which would make a bad situation worse. The Republican tax bill would slash taxes on corporations even fur-ther and raise taxes on millions of working families. It is hard to com-prehend how deeply unfair that is. A survey released last May by the Fed-eral Reserve found that 44 percent of American families—just a bit under a half—don’t have enough slack in their budget to cover a $400 emergency ex-pense. If the transmission blows up or if a kid gets sick or the fridge stops working, these families are just plain out of luck. These are the same fami-lies whom the Republicans have tar-geted to pay more in taxes under the Republican plan. In trying to sell a bill that is deeply unfair, Republicans have landed on a tried-and-true strategy—just lie about it. The first big lie is that the plan will supercharge economic growth. Spoiler alert: It will not. We have seen this movie before, and we know how it ends. There is not one single credible projec-tion that says this plan will have any meaningful impact on the growth of the American economy. One group of economists after another has looked at this bill and said it will not do a darn thing to help the economy grow. Even Wall Street banks—which stand to pocket billions of dollars in tax giveaways from this bill—have grudg-ingly had to admit the bill will not lead to any growth. Barclays Bank said: ‘‘A permanent boost to growth re-mains unlikely.’’ Goldman Sachs said: ‘‘We find a boost to GDP growth of 0.1– 0.2 [percentage points] in 2018–2019 and smaller amounts in subsequent years.’’ The second big lie is that if we just give corporations more money, they will surely do us the favor of raising wages or creating more jobs. We have seen that movie before too. Over the last 30 years, corporate profits have ex-ploded, and companies have not trick-led down those profits to workers. They didn’t do it before, and they will not do it after the Republicans give away even more money to these giant corporations. You don’t have to take my word for it. The top executives at the companies have already admitted as much. Bank of America and Merrill Lynch surveyed 300 CEOs about what they would do with their tax giveaways. What are they going to do with those tax give-aways? The top three responses: pay down debt, buy back stock, and fund new mergers. In other words, some-thing for the banks, something for wealthy investors, and nothing for workers. The third big lie is that the plan will not increase the national debt. That is just plain false. The nonpartisan Con-gressional Budget Office says this bill will tack on $1.4 trillion to the debt in the next 10 years, and we all know what comes next. The same Republican Senators who will vote for this trillion- dollar budget buster tomorrow will turn around next week and say our na-tional debt is just too high, and we need to cut Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, education funding, affordable housing, and you name it. In fact, the Republican budget they passed last month tees up more than $1 trillion in cuts to those very programs. This bill raises taxes on millions of middle-class families, and it doesn’t create any real economic growth. It doesn’t create any real job growth, and it explodes the national debt. So this bill clearly is not about helping work-ing families. You really have to stop and ask the question, What is it about? The answer is simple. This is about Republican Senators paying off the rich corporate donors that helped get them elected. It is about the way that money has cor-rupted Washington. It is about wealthy donors investing a few million dollars in political contributions to secure bil-lions of dollars in tax giveaways. Here is what one of my Republican colleagues said recently: If we don’t pass a tax bill, ‘‘financial contributions will stop.’’ A Republican Member of the House was even more blunt. He said on the record that his donors told him to pass this tax bill or ‘‘don’t ever call them again.’’ In other words, Repub-licans have said to each other they need to pass a tax giveaway to give their donors money in order to get re-elected. This is a smash-and-grab job. The Republicans are looting the U.S. Treasury so their donors will keep funding their reelection campaigns. They don’t even try to hide the corrup-tion, and they don’t worry about how many middle-class families get hurt in the caper. My take on this is pretty simple: I don’t think a single middle- class family in this country should pay more in taxes so big corporations and millionaires can pay less. I think big corporations should pay more—not less—so we can cut taxes on working families and small businesses, so we can make investments in fixing our roads and our bridges and our power grid, so we can help young people re-duce their student loan debt. This is about basic fairness. We can build an America where every kid has a shot at success, where every family has some measure of economic security, where every senior has enough savings to retire with dignity. We can do that, and we can start by defeating this Re-publican tax giveaway. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, let me start by thanking the Senator from Massachusetts for always telling it like it is because what we have before us in the Senate is going to do grave harm to our country, not just next year and the year after but for many years to come. We still have an opportunity to stop that from happening through our votes tomorrow. Let me also say at the outset that we need to enact tax reform in the United States of America. We need to sim-plify. We need to streamline. We need to reform our Tax Code. We need to get rid of all of those tax loopholes that had been put in our Tax Code by power-ful special interests that have been able to hire high-priced lobbyists and get something in our Tax Code, not be-cause it is good public policy, not be-cause it is good for the majority of Americans but because it is good for some group of special interests. We need real tax reform. That is not what the bill in front of us does. What this bill does is take a Tax Code that is already stacked in favor of the most powerful and the most wealthy and rig it even more in favor of the most pow-erful and the most wealthy, and that is hard to do. You have to work at doing that. Our Republican colleagues have suc-ceeded in taking something that was already stacked in favor of those groups and making it even worse. That is why we see this effort to jam this bill through the Senate in just a few weeks because our Republican col-leagues know the more the American public sees this bill, the more they will hate this bill, and the more they will realize it is going to mean their taxes are going up, in many cases, and harm to the American economy. We debated the effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act in the Senate, not for a long time but at least over a cou-ple of months’ period. What happened is, as that debate went on, more and more people around the country en-gaged. All the nurses, all the doctors, and all the hospitals—I mean, rural hospitals, suburban hospitals, urban hospitals—said that is bad for our healthcare. This Senate, at the end of the day, did the right thing. Unfortunately, the lesson learned was not to get the input from the American public but try to rush some-thing through before people can figure out exactly what is in it, and that is what is happening in the Senate today and tomorrow. One example of the harm this bill will do hasn’t gotten a lot of attention. I want to talk about what this bill does in its changes to how we tax U.S. cor-porations that have operations over-seas. These are big multinational cor-porations that have operations in the United States but also have the ability to move their plant and equipment overseas and hire people overseas in-stead of hiring Americans here at home. There is a provision in this Sen-ate Republican bill that is going to dramatically increase the incentives for U.S. multinational corporations to move operations and jobs overseas, and here is why. Under this bill, American corporations that are doing business in the United States will pay a 20-percent corporate tax rate. It reduces the cor-porate tax rate down to 20 percent, but 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.078 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7503 November 29, 2017 
it also says something else. If you are an American corporation and you move your operations overseas, the profits you make on your overseas operations pay zero percent U.S. tax rate. Immediately, you have an incentive to move your business from Baltimore City—or from any other city in this country or place in this country—to another place that has a lower tax rate. For example, Ireland has a 12.5- percent tax rate. If you move your business to Ireland, you are going to be paying 12.5 percent on your profits in-stead of the 20 percent you are paying here. If you move to Hungary, you are going to pay 9 percent on the profits you earn in Hungary; whereas, you would have paid 20 percent on your profits if you keep those operations in the United States. So immediately you have an incentive to move those oper-ations overseas. Even if you move those operations to a country that has a higher tax rate than, say, Ireland or Hungary, there are easy ways to put those profits you earn in a place like the UK or Japan and put them in lower tax areas like the Cayman Islands or Bermuda. Right off the bat, this creates a perverse ad-ditional incentive to put American jobs overseas. So our Republican colleagues say: OK. Not to worry. We have a fix for this issue. We are going to create this minimum U.S. tax on large profits of overseas operations. In other words, if you are a U.S. corporation, you move to Ireland, you can make a certain amount of money there, but if you go over a certain amount, we are going to put a minimum American tax on top of the tax you pay in Ireland. This is a problem when you rush through a bill like this. The problem is, the cure is worse than the disease. Here is why. Look at this chart. First thing you say is, there is a lower tax rate in Ireland than in Baltimore City so I am going to move some of my operations overseas—my plant and equipment. In fact, I am going to move $10 million of investment overseas. Now, in Ireland, I am going to be paying 12.5 percent on my profits, versus 20 percent here in the United States. That is a pretty good move. Now let’s see if this minimum tax has any impact and what the impact would be. Well, what the Republican tax bill says is that if your earnings overseas exceed 10 percent of your in-vestment in tangible property—what is tangible property? The plant, equip-ment, your factory. So if you spend $10 million and move your plant, equip-ment, and factory overseas, you are going to be able to make a 10-percent profit there with no additional U.S. tax. But if you earn more than that— let’s say you earn $1,200,000—instead of a 10-percent return, which would have been $1 million, aha, now this min-imum tax applies but just to that ex-cess profit. So you are now going to pay the lower tax rate in Ireland on your first million, but you are going to pay 10 percent on the $200,000. So you are going to pay $20,000 in U.S. taxes. What if you don’t want to pay even that? Here is what is so outrageous about this bill. I don’t know if it is in-tentional or unintentional. If I am a U.S. corporation, the way I fix this problem is I move another $10 million worth of plant and equipment out of Maryland into Ireland. So now I have got my $10 million investment that I moved from Baltimore to Ireland, and I am going to move another one. Now, as long as I keep my overall returns to 10 percent, I am not going to pay that ex-cess minimum tax. So if my first com-pany has a 12-percent return and the second one has an 8-percent return, to-gether they have a 10-percent return. So I end up, by moving more plant and equipment from the State of Maryland to Ireland, that I don’t even pay that minimum U.S. tax. In fact, every time I get close to hav-ing to pay that minimum U.S. tax, I can solve my problem by moving more American jobs overseas. That is insane. I hope our colleagues will take a look at this, because this is going to do great damage to the American econ-omy. You don’t have to take my word for it. You have a lot of economists who have taken a look at this provision. I am just going to read from one. His name is Edward Kleinbard. He was the former chief of staff of the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation. We all know they are the professionals. They are the nonpartisan professionals who analyze these bills. Here is what he had to say: ‘‘The administration’s tax cut proposal is coupled with a territorial tax sys-tem, which permanently exempts for-eign income from taxation; this will further tilt the playing field in favor of foreign, rather than U.S., investment.’’ I ask unanimous consent that the other quotations from the economists be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Jared Bernstein, senior fellow, Center on Budget and Policy Priorities; former chief economist to Vice President Joe Biden: ‘‘The Republican tax plan ....  i s  likely to lead to more outsourcing of U.S. jobs and a larger trade deficit. The tax plan moves to what’s called a territorial system of inter-national taxation, which means the U.S. tax rate on the overseas earnings of U.S. foreign affiliates would become zero.’’ Rebecca Kysar, professor of law, Brooklyn Law School: ‘‘A pressing goal of tax reform is to reduce the incentives for companies to move their operations overseas. This bill does the oppo-site.’’ Kimberly Clausing, professor of economics, Reed College: The House and Senate Republican tax bills create a territorial tax system that ‘‘ex-empts foreign income from U.S. taxation. This tilts the playing field even further to-ward doing business abroad rather than at home, since there will always be countries with lower rates. A territorial system makes explicit and permanent the preference for foreign income over domestic income. It ac-celerates the profit shifting behind our cor-porate tax base erosion problem.’’ Carl Levin, former senator: ‘‘The House and Senate tax bills would be a monumental mistake for the country for many reasons, but one compelling reason is the disastrous way they treat foreign cor-porate profits and encourage companies to shift their operations and the economic ben-efits of intellectual property overseas.’’ Richard Phillips, senior policy analyst, In-stitute on Taxation and Economic Policy: ‘‘The most significant component of the Senate tax proposal on international taxes is moving to a territorial tax system, under which active income of U.S. companies earned offshore will no longer be subject to U.S. taxes. By doing this, the Senate tax plan moves in the opposite direction of real tax reform by substantially contracting the base of the U.S. corporate tax. According to the Joint Tax Committee, moving to the ter-ritorial tax system would cost $215 billion over the next decade. Exempting offshore in-come from U.S. taxation would encourage further profit shifting and would also create a tax incentive for corporations to move real operations and jobs offshore to take advan-tage of lower tax rates.’’ Steven Rosenthal, senior fellow, Tax Pol-icy Center; former counsel to Joint Tax Committee: ‘‘The Tax Cut and Jobs Act (TCJA) that the Senate is debating this week would fun-damentally change the way U.S.-based mul-tinational corporations are taxed on their overseas income. But contrary to the claims of President Trump and congressional sup-porters, the new approach may still encour-age U.S. companies to shift production over-seas.’’ Reuven Avi-Yonah, professor of law, Uni-versity of Michigan: Certain ‘‘multinational corporations (for example, GE or Intel) will pay less because they have more tangible assets offshore. This creates an obvious incentive to move jobs (not just profits) offshore. Moreover, the pro-posal standing on its own would induce prof-it shifting because of the combination of the participation exemption and the lower rate (12.5% is less than 20%).’’ Chuck Marr, director of Federal Tax Pol-icy, Center on Budget and Policy Priorities: ‘‘Another, less-noticed provision would permanently set an even lower tax rate for U.S.-based multinationals’ foreign profits by adopting a ‘territorial’ tax system, which would encourage firms to shift profits and investment offshore. As Senate Republican Ron Johnson said recently, ‘With a terri-torial system, there will be a real incentive to keep manufacturing overseas.’’’ 
THE FACT COALITION  ‘‘This bill would create significant new tax incentives to move U.S. jobs, profits, and op-erations overseas, while exploding the def-icit. The bill’s complicated structure also creates multiple new loopholes to allow for expanded tax avoidance by large multi-national companies at the expense of small businesses and wholly domestic companies.’’ Victor Fleischer, tax professor, University of San Diego: ‘‘The international provisions of the Sen-ate tax bill are worse than I thought—a very nice gift to multinationals.’’ 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Now, to add in-sult to injury, this is not the only part of this bill that actually tips the play-ing field in favor of our economic com-petitors overseas and against the American worker and against the American taxpayer. If you look at the corporate tax cuts in this bill, they are permanent. They go on forever. Year after year, corporations will get that tax cut in the United States of Amer-ica. Whereas, if you are an individual 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.079 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7504 November 29, 2017 
household in America, millions of mid-dle-class taxpayers will see an imme-diate increase in their taxes. Some will see a small cut in their taxes for a pe-riod of time, but in the long run, those individual tax cuts go away, and the corporate tax cuts go on forever. Of course, the theory behind this is trickle-down economics; right? You are going to give the very wealthy and big corporations the tax cut, and the bene-fits of that are going to trickle down and lift everybody up. I think we know that this theory has run aground and run into the wall of reality many times over. Most recently, in the early 2000s, we had the Bush tax cut. It was the same theory—to cut taxes for the super-wealthy and somehow the benefits were going to trickle down and lift every-body up. I will tell you who it lifted up. The wealthy did even better. The other thing that went up is our deficit and debt, but everybody else was either running in place or falling behind. That was our most recent experiment in trickle down. We also have an immediate present example of why this theory of giving big tax cuts to corporations and the idea that it is going to raise wages is just dead wrong. As we sit here to-night, American corporations are mak-ing record profits. That is a great thing. But guess what. Wages are flat. So by increasing the after-tax profits of those corporations, they are not going to use that extra money to raise wages. They are not doing it today. They are not doing it today. The stock market will go up, and stockholders will definitely have great-er value, because you are a corpora-tion. The day after this tax bill gets passed, if it passes, your after-tax prof-its just went up. The stock market is doing great. The problem is, most Americans—the overwhelming amount of Americans—don’t benefit from that rising stock market. We know the peo-ple who benefit most are the folks at the very top. Here is the thing that I think many people will be surprised by. A very large group of those stockholders are not even American citizens. They are foreign stockholders—stockholders who have these investments in Amer-ican corporations. In fact, 35 percent of the stock in these corporations are foreign shares— 35 percent of the value of that stock. So I can tell you that they are going to be clicking the champagne glasses in capitals around the world because those very wealthy foreigners are going to get a big tax cut. In fact, the Insti-tute on Taxation and Economic Policy estimates that the value of the tax cut to foreign stockholders just in the year 2019 will be over $30 billion. That is in 1 year for foreign stockholders. In that same year, in 2019, taxes will go up by over $27 billion on American citizens. There is great news for the American public. Some $27 billion are transferred from American households into the pockets of foreign stockholders—what a great deal for the American public. They are going to be thrilled to see that their hard-earned dollars are going to increase the bank accounts of foreign stockholders. This is the kind of information that is beginning to come out as people get a chance to look more at the con-sequences of this bill. This is the exact reason that Republicans are trying to rush this through the Senate. I can tell you, when the American public sees that their taxes are going up to pay for foreign stockholders, I think all of us agree that they aren’t going to like it. The problem is this is also part of a pattern. The corporate tax cuts go on forever, and those foreign stockholders, every year—this is in 2019—keep get-ting a big windfall, a big bonanza. But if you are an American taxpayer, you are on the short end of the stick be-cause millions of American middle- class families will see their taxes go up right away. As I said, others may see a small tax cut originally, but it will fiz-zle out. So here is the overall impact. In 2019, you are going to see 13 million Amer-ican families who earn less than $200,000 a year pay higher taxes under this Republican bill—13 million fami-lies. It gets worse from there because the benefits that some people will get in the short term begin to fizzle out and then get snuffed out altogether at the end of 10 years. By the year 2025, it is going to go from 13 million middle-class American families to 19 million middle-class fam-ilies who are going to be paying higher taxes. By the way, at the same time, the Republican bill will give a tax cut of an average of $40,000 a year to people who make more than $1 million a year. It gets even worse for families in and after the year 2025 because all of the in-dividual tax cuts expire. Tax cuts for the foreign stockholders keep going on. They go on forever. By 2027, the Repub-lican plan will raise taxes on 87 million American families. Now, we actually just had some in-formation come out. It was just re-leased to the public this evening. This is from the Joint Committee on Tax-ation. These are the folks who are the professionals who look at the impact of the tax bill. They analyze it, and they let people know the facts. Here is what they said. When this bill runs its course in the year 2027—here is the bottom line—23 percent of Amer-ican households are going to see their taxes go up, and 16 percent will see their taxes go down. So more American households will see their taxes go up than go down. Some 61 percent, they estimate, see virtually no change at all. Again, these are families, not cor-porations. The corporations, including those foreign stockholders, keep seeing the benefits. Here is the other thing the Joint Committee on Taxation is telling us. Of the people who get a cut, the largest share of any one group are people who make $1 million and up. In fact, it says of those in that category, that 57 per-cent of the households will get a tax cut. Those are the millionaires. If you look at middle-income folks, there are much smaller percentages in those cat-egories. I just have to ask my colleagues how it is that you try to sell a plan as a middle-class tax cut when, at the end of the day, more Americans are going to see their taxes go up than go down. I think the American people are going to be more and more surprised if this bill passes as to what is in it. So we have a chance to actually step back right now. We have a chance to step back and actually take a good look at the bill, and we can figure out which of these consequences are in-tended and which of these con-sequences are unintended. There is time to fix some of these issues. The last point I wish to make is that in addition to middle-class families— millions of them who are going to have to pay more to pay for the big cor-porate tax cut—we are also going to see a number of other groups of Ameri-cans who are going to be hit hard. We know that millions of people who get their health insurance through the ex-changes are going to see their pre-miums go up to pay for big tax cuts for corporations. We know that even after all of that—after those Americans have to pay more in premiums and after mil-lions of middle-class families are going to have to pay more—we still have a $1.5 trillion debt. I am just going to ask my Republican colleagues, with whom I have worked for many years and with whom I have agreed that we need to find a bipar-tisan way to reduce our deficits and debt rather than increase our deficits and debt, what their plan is. Here is the secret—not really a se-cret, actually. I invite everybody to look at the budget that passed the Sen-ate and the House of Representatives, because it tells us right there in the budget what the plan is to reduce some of that debt that will be increased be-cause of tax cuts. The proposal is right there: A $1 trillion cut to Medicaid over 10 years, a $473 billion cut to Medicare over 10 years, and cuts to the whole category of our budget we use to invest in education. So the bottom line is that this bill is going to provide whopping tax cuts to corporations. It is going to have the ef-fect of encouraging and incentivizing more of those corporations to move jobs, plants, and equipment overseas, and it is going to ask almost everybody else in the country to pick up the tab. That is not the kind of tax reform the American people bargained for. I urge my colleagues to take a step back, to work together on a bipartisan basis, and to come up with a plan that actually works for the country. I hope that can happen. I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.081 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7505 November 29, 2017 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10:30 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10:30 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 10:52 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, November 30, 2017, at 10:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM  
MARVIN GOODFRIEND, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FED-ERAL RESERVE SYSTEM FOR A TERM OF FOURTEEN YEARS FROM FEBRUARY 1, 2016, VICE SARAH BLOOM RASKIN, RESIGNED. DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JOSEPH E. MACMANUS, OF NEW YORK, A CAREER MEM-BER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF MIN-ISTER–COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE REPUBLIC OF COLOMBIA. 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. NANCY A. NORTON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. RICHARD A. BROWN 
f 
WITHDRAWAL Executive Message transmitted by the President to the Senate on Novem-ber 29, 2017 withdrawing from further Senate consideration the following nomination: 
AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF LT. GEN. LEE K. LEVY II, TO BE LIEUTENANT GENERAL, WHICH WAS SENT TO THE SENATE ON JUNE 15, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:30 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G29NO6.082 S29NOPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1613 November 29, 2017 
RECOGNIZING THE FRIENDSHIP CHRISTIAN METHODIST EPIS-COPAL CHURCH AS A NATIONAL HISTORIC PLACE 
HON. MIKE JOHNSON 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to rise and honor the Friend-ship Christian Methodist Episcopal Church (CME) of Lisbon, LA, for its historic impact upon our nation and to the State of Louisiana. Friendship CME Church helped to unify the Claiborne Parish community around faith and family during the most trying times of our his-tory. At the height of the civil rights movement from 1965 to 1974 and beyond, Friendship CME Church served as the heart of the Afri-can American community and opened its doors for the meetings of local civil rights lead-ers. Many of the major contributions to the Claiborne Parish civil rights movement were conceptualized within Friendship CME Church, and the church played a central role in the community as a safe haven for those working to protect the dignity of every human life. Friendship CME Church was founded be-tween 1900 and 1915. The current structure was rebuilt by the congregation in 1933, after the original church building was destroyed by a violent tornado that tore through Claiborne Parish in 1932. With only a few modifications, today’s building largely resembles the original structure. This 1933 building still stands to this day as a testimony to the resilience and for-titude of the Friendship CME community. In recognition of the church’s integral contribu-tions in advancing the Claiborne Parish civil rights movement, the National Park Service listed the Friendship CME Church in the Na-tional Register of Historic Places in May 2016. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress and the people of Northwest Lou-isiana, I am honored to recognize the Friend-ship Christian Methodist Episcopal Church for the exceptionally important role it played dur-ing the civil rights movement in our region and in our nation. I, along with my wife, Kelly, pray the Lord continues to use this congregation as a beacon of hope for generations to come. 
f 
MARY ANN BARWICK 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mary Ann Barwick for being honored by the West Chamber of Com-merce. As the Healthcare Outreach and Volunteer Coordinator at the Rocky Mountain Down Syn-drome Association, Mary Ann Barwick works with hospitals and doctors to help assure in-clusion and enhance the independence of people with Down syndrome. After many years in the financial industry, Mary Ann stayed home to raise her two boys. While staying home she held several volunteer positions, including President and Treasurer of the PTO, Treasurer of Foothills Swim Team, Destination Imagination Coach, and religious education teacher and board member of the Denver Ballet Guild and Bear Creek Swim and Tennis. She re-entered the workforce when her old-est son went to college, and began her stint in the nonprofit world. She believes in mission- driven work and loves to recruit volunteers. Mary Ann continues her volunteer work and currently serves as an Affiliate Challenge Mas-ter for Destination Imagination Colorado. And she and her husband have been running the Lunch Bunch program at their church which makes lunches for the homeless in Denver for the last 24 years. I extend my deepest congratulations to Mary Ann Barwick for this well-deserved honor from the West Chamber of Commerce. f 
TRIBUTE TO MARY ELLEN DEVEREUX-TAYLOR AND CARROL TAYLOR 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Mary Ellen Devereux-Taylor and Carrol Taylor of Mount Ayr, Iowa, on the very special occasion of their 55th wedding anniversary. They were married on August 25, 1962 at the Saint Mary’s Catholic Church in Grinnell, Iowa. Mary Ellen and Carrol’s lifelong commitment to each other and their family truly embodies our Iowa values. As they reflect on their 55th anniversary, may their commitment grow even stronger, as they continue to love, cherish, and honor one another for many years to come. Mr. Speaker, I commend this great couple on their 55 years together and I wish them many more. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them on this momentous occasion and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NORTH-AMPTON COMMUNITY COLLEGE’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Northampton Community Col-lege (NCC) as it celebrates its 50th anniver-sary. It was founded in 1965 by twelve North-ampton County school directors who were committed to providing an affordable, com-prehensive community college education where adults could develop critical skills for a shifting regional economy. In 1967, it opened its doors to 404 students. What started as a singular campus with trailers for laboratories has since expanded into two beautiful cam-puses with state-of-the-art facilities. Today, NCC offers degrees to over 14,000 students. An additional 17,000 students enroll in workforce training, adult literacy, and youth classes. Alumni have gone on to further their education through partnerships with colleges and universities. Many alumni have become known as masters in their trade with some recognized as Pulitzer Prize winners and Academy Award winning directors. Northampton Community College remains committed to providing a quality college expe-rience regardless of socioeconomic status. Federal grants have supported this good work, including a $10 million grant from the Depart-ment of Labor in 2014. The College’s innova-tion and drive will continue to produce talented graduates and contribute to the region’s econ-omy. I ask my fellow Members to join me in recognizing Northampton Community College for 50 years of excellence and service to the community. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber for Roll Call votes 638 and 639 on Tuesday, No-vember 28, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call vote 638 and Nay on Roll Call vote 639. 
f 
MARY ANNE FLEET 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mary Anne Fleet for being honored by the West Chamber of Commerce. Mary Anne Fleet received her bachelor’s de-gree in music education from Temple Univer-sity where she studied bassoon with members of the Philadelphia Orchestra. After moving to Colorado, she worked as a freelance musician with the Central City Opera Company and other professional musical ensembles while teaching woodwinds privately. Mary Anne later moved to the nonprofit sec-tor and earned her Master’s degree in non-profit management from Regis University. She 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29NO8.001 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1614 November 29, 2017 
worked as Development Director for Hear Now and as Executive Director for Caring Connec-tion. For the last 21 years, she has been a member of the bassoon section of the Lake-wood Symphony. In 2010, she became the symphony’s first Executive Director and has helped the symphony become a major force within Lakewood’s performing arts community. Mary Anne maintains an active woodwind teaching studio at Music & Arts in Littleton, and has served as president of the South Lakewood Business Association, past presi-dent of the Rotary Club of Lakewood, and is currently a member of All Comforting Things, which provides hand-crafted items to people in need. She is also a proud mother of three and the grandmother of four. She and her husband recently celebrated their 51st wedding anniver-sary. I extend my deepest congratulations to Mary Anne Fleet for this well-deserved honor from the West Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
COLUMBUS EAST HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Columbus East High School football team on winning the 2017 IHSAA Class 5A State Championship. The Olympians faced off against the Koko-mo Wildkats at Lucas Oil Stadium, on Friday, November 24, 2017. They led early in the game and won 42–28, securing their third state title in school history. I am proud of these young men for this re-markable achievement and for the sportsman-ship they displayed throughout this exciting season. I want to commend Coach Bob Gaddis as well as all of the assistant coaches who led these young men to victory. Congrats, Olympians. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF JAMES SALVATORE ‘‘DOC’’ PIPINO 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of James Salvatore ‘‘Doc’’ Pipino who died on November 21, 2017 at his home, surrounded by his family. Doc was born on July 30, 1934 to Salvatore Rock and Mary Frances (Rizzi) Pipino. He graduated from St. Mary’s High School in Warren, Ohio. After playing collegiate football and graduating from John Carroll University, he became a teacher and coach at St. Mary’s High School. In 1960, he joined his brother, Don, in the insurance industry, where he spent the remainder of his professional career, earn-ing multiple professional insurance designa-tions along the way. He was also involved in a variety of business ventures, including his ownership of Fonderlac Country Club and Niles Restaurant Business, Inc., a local Arby’s franchisee, of which Mr. Pipino was chairman of the board at the time of his death. He also served as a member of the Board of Southwoods Surgery Center. Outside of his professional life, he was an active participant in a variety of civic, commu-nity, and faith activities. He was a member of the Boards for the Easter Seals and Niles Community Services. He also served as the president of the Trumbull Country Club, chair-man of values and visions for John F. Ken-nedy Catholic Schools, and president of Our Lady of Mount Carmel Parish Council (Niles, Ohio). In addition, he enjoyed volunteering as a basketball coach of boy’s and girl’s teams for Our Lady of Mount Carmel, Blessed Sac-rament, and St. Mary’s schools. Lastly, Doc was recognized for several honors and awards including the Golden Eagle Distinguished Alumni Award from St. Mary’s/John F. Ken-nedy Catholic Schools, the Mahoning Valley Italian American Sports Hall of Fame Man of the Year, and he was inducted into the War-ren Sports Hall of Fame. He will be dearly missed by his wife of 58 years, Patricia Ann; his sons, Atty. James D. (Mary Jeanine), Theodore S. and Atty. Samuel M. (Kimberly Kirtland) and his daughter, Mary F. ‘‘Mimi’’ Pipino, Ph.D.; grandchildren, James A. (Lynsey Harris), Elena Dean (Michael), Marisa, Dana, Matthew, Daniel, Camille and Lorenzo Pipino, and Cailin Jaspers; his broth-er-in-law, Dr. Theodore (Cheryl) Gabig, and numerous nieces and nephews. He was pre-ceded in death by his parents; his brother, Donald P.; his sister-in-law, Delores, and many beloved aunts, uncles, and cousins. Doc was a valued member of the commu-nity and will be deeply missed. I extend my sincerest condolences to his family and friends. f 
HONORING NANCY WARE, DIREC-TOR OF THE COURT SERVICES AND OFFENDER SUPERVISION AGENCY FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the contributions of Nancy M. Ware, who served as the Director of the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia (CSOSA) for the past six years. A native Washingtonian, Director Ware has been tireless in her fight to improve public safety and the quality of life in neighborhoods throughout the District. She began her edu-cational pursuits in District of Columbia public schools, ultimately graduating from Coolidge High School and then going on to earn her Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees from Howard University. Early in her career, Director Ware served in various leadership positions for a number of organizations and government agencies, including the Rainbow Coalition, the Citizen Education Fund, the District of Colum-bia’s Mayor’s Youth Initiative Office and the Department of Justice’s Weed and Seed Pro-gram as well as its Bureau of Justice Assist-ance, Office of Justice Programs. Of Director Ware’s many accomplishments, her work as the first Executive Director of the District of Columbia Criminal Justice Coordi-nating Council (CJCC) stands out. The Dis-trict’s criminal justice system is a complex web of federal and local jurisdictional authorities. Director Ware led the development of the in-frastructure to promote collaboration between the District and federal governments on critical public safety issues. As director of the CJCC, Director Ware was instrumental in advancing the city’s technical capability and capacity to support criminal justice information sharing among CJCC member agencies. On December 1, 2011, she was sworn in as Director of CSOSA, an independent federal executive branch agency that is tasked with enhancing public safety, preventing crime and reducing recidivism among those supervised. As the head of CSOSA, Director Ware was re-sponsible for leading over 800 federal employ-ees in providing community supervision for as many as 15,000 adults on probation, parole or supervised release in the District. During her tenure at CSOSA, Director Ware’s accom-plishments are numerous, ranging from estab-lishing a young adult initiative that focuses on supervisees 25 years old and younger to en-hancing the agency’s internal and external communications and program integration. Therefore, I ask the House of Representa-tives to join me in recognizing Director Nancy M. Ware for her dedication to public service and for her continued commitment to ensure that the nation’s capital remains safe for resi-dents, workers and visitors, and that juveniles and adults who have become involved in the criminal justice system are provided opportuni-ties to contribute and thrive in their commu-nity. f 
JULIA HILL-NICHOLS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Julia Hill-Nichols for being honored by the West Chamber of Commerce. With over 30 years of experience, Julia Hill- Nichols is your go-to gal for all things human resources and operations locally and inter-nationally. She has held numerous executive roles as the chief human resource officer at a NASDAQ start-up and a Fortune 50 company. These positions have provided her the oppor-tunity to act as an internal consultant to CEOs, Board of Directors and executive teams in the U.S. and all the way to Great Britain and Ire-land. In particular, she is recognized for her work with CEOs and companies as they execute complex organizational change and develop-ment. In February 2010, she launched LeadersCove LLC, a human resource and management consulting firm dedicated to revi-talizing leadership. Julia is particularly passionate about opti-mizing the potential of staff to build truly amazing, dynamic and healthy organizations through individual and collective contributions. She is a certified Senior Professional in Human Resources and the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator, and a member of HR People and Strategy and Society for Human Resources Management. She is a past member of the Board of Directors of the Jefferson County Li-brary Foundation and the Chair of the Jeffer-son County Public Library Board of Trustees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29NO8.003 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1615 November 29, 2017 
Currently, Julia is Secretary of the Colorado Companies to Watch Board of Directors and an advisor with the Entrepreneurs Consortium of Colorado as well as Blackstone Entre-preneurs Network, Colorado. I extend my deepest congratulations to Julia Hill-Nichols for this well-deserved honor from the West Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JAMES B. RENACCI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 638, and YEA on Roll Call No. 639. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LIEUTENANT TRACY DARYL CORNETT 
HON. MARK MEADOWS 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lieutenant Tracy Daryl Cornett of the City of Lenoir, North Carolina. On behalf of the people of Western North Carolina, I would like to thank Lt. Cornett for 20 years of exem-plary service to our communities as a member of the police force and congratulate him on his recent retirement. Daryl Cornett began his decorated career in the public safety field as an employee of the Emergency Management Services in 1988. He went on to work for the Caldwell County Sher-iff’s Office in 1990 and served on active duty with the United States Air Force in 1991 be-fore joining the Lenoir Police Department in 1998. Throughout his tenure with the Lenoir Police Department, Lt. Cornett served in var-ious capacities including as a Crime Preven-tion and Public Information Officer, Special Response Team Negotiator, Detective Ser-geant, and Patrol Lieutenant as well as in the Honor Guard. Simultaneously, Lt. Cornett re- enlisted in 2003 and continued to serve honor-ably as a member of the Air Force Reserve. His military service included operations Desert Storm and Northern Watch. In 2011, he was called to assist with Operation Enduring Free-dom. All told, Lt. Cornett has devoted his en-tire professional career to serving his country and his community with integrity and bravery. Over the course of his career, Lt. Cornett has been honored with numerous meritorious service awards including the Air Force Re-serve Forces Meritorious Service Medal with three oak leaf clusters, the Joint Meritorious Unit Award, the Meritorious Service Medal with two oak leaf clusters, the Air Force Achievement Medal with one oak leaf cluster, and the Air Force Commendation Medal. Addi-tionally, he was awarded the Nuclear Deter-rence Operations Service Medal, the Air Force Longevity Service Medal with three oak leaf clusters, and the Humanitarian Service Medal. He also received special recognition as First Sergeant of the Year, 440th Air Wing in 2012. Daryl Cornett has earned the respect and friendship of the people of the City of Lenoir through his hard work and selflessness. For his service to Western North Carolina, I am honored to express to Lt. Cornett the gratitude and best wishes of the people of North Caro-lina on his retirement. f 
MAYOR JOYCE JAY 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mayor Joyce Jay for being honored by the West Chamber of Commerce. Mayor Joyce Jay has called Wheat Ridge home for the past 32 years. It’s where she raised her daughter, Ginger, who graduated from Wheat Ridge High School. Politics was never Mayor Jay’s intended ca-reer. With a communications degree from Loretto Heights College, she enjoyed a long profession as a commercial photographer working for clients such as Allstate, Bellco, Excel, Primedia, ReMax, Pinkard and the State of Colorado. Mayor Jay retired after she sold her photog-raphy business but then became a Jefferson County Diversion Officer. She then joined and chaired the Wheat Ridge Cultural Commis-sion. From there, she was elected to City Council from 2009–2013 and elected as Mayor of Wheat Ridge in November 2013. Currently Mayor Jay serves on the DRCOG Board, Urban Drainage and Flood Control Board, Jefferson County Economic Develop-ment Corporation and the Metro Mayor’s Cau-cus. Past and present participation in commu-nity boards includes the Wheat Ridge Busi-ness Association, Wheat Ridge Business Dis-trict and the Wheat Ridge Education Alliance. I extend my deepest congratulations to Mayor Joyce Jay for this well-deserved honor from the West Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROBERT PITTENGER 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 638, and YEA on Roll Call No. 639. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF COLONEL WILLIAM DAVID BARTON 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in honor of Colonel (COL) William David Barton’s thirty-one years of service in the Mississippi Army National Guard (MSARNG). COL Barton began his military ca-reer on August 13, 1986, when he enlisted as a Cannon Crewman in Service Battery, 2nd Battalion, 114th Field Artillery in his hometown of Kosciusko, Mississippi. He later received his commission through the ROTC program at the University of Mississippi, where he grad-uated with a degree in marketing in 1990. COL Barton has served the MSARNG in staff positions at the battalion, brigade and state staff levels, and held command positions at the platoon, company and battalion levels. In 2005, he was deployed to Iraq with the 155th Brigade Combat Team (BCT) where he first served as Brigade Personnel Officer for the 155th BCT, and then served as the Bat-talion Operations Officer for 2nd Battalion, 114th Field Artillery. He has held the position of Deputy Chief of Staff, Personnel since Feb-ruary 1, 2015. His awards and decorations include the Le-gion of Merit, the Bronze Star Medal, the Meri-torious Service Medal (with four Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters), the Army Commendation Medal (with one Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster), the Army Achievement Medal (with two Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters), the Army Reserve Com-ponents Achievement Medal (with one Silver and three Bronze Oak Leaf Clusters), the Na-tional Defense Service Medal (with one Star), the Iraq Campaign Medal (with two Campaign Stars), the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, the Armed Forces Reserve Medal (with Gold Hourglass, M Device, and Numeral 2), the Army Service Ribbon, the Overseas Serv-ice Ribbon, the Combat Action Badge, the Air Assault Badge, the National Guard Basic Re-cruiter Badge, the Mississippi Magnolia Cross (with one Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster), the Mis-sissippi Magnolia Medal (with one Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster), the Mississippi Commendation Medal, the Mississippi War Medal (with one Star), the Mississippi Emergency Service Medal, the Mississippi Service School Ribbon (with one Silver and one Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster), the Mississippi Longevity Medal (with one Silver and one Bronze Oak Leaf Cluster), and the Mississippi Recruiting Medal. When asked about his years in the MSARNG, COL Barton said, ‘‘I have been blessed to serve with some of the finest peo-ple in the world over the last 31 years. It has been an amazing experience and I am glad to have been able to serve my country and my state in both peacetime and during war. The service members I have served with truly em-body the National Guard motto of ‘Always Ready, Always There’ and I could not be more proud of my service alongside them.’’ Throughout his career and in preparation for his upcoming retirement, Colonel Barton has been supported by his loving family, including his parents, Gerald and Peggy Barton; his four sisters; his wife, Jennifer Barton; and his four daughters, Brittany Burnham, Ashley Smith, Kelly Barton and Hannah Kelly. I am thankful for Colonel Barton’s many years of military service, and I am proud to call him my friend. I wish him the best in his future endeavors. f 
NORTHGLENN HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud students from Northglenn High School for their creative and unique mobile applications (apps) entered in the 2017 Congressional App Challenge. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29NO8.004 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1616 November 29, 2017 
Two student teams from Northglenn High School participated in the challenge. The win-ning app allows blind students to have a better experience using computers through an audial. The other team developed an app that allows for emergency response teams to lo-cate people in an emergency situation. Each team spent countless hours and used numer-ous tools to learn about coding, further ad-vancing their STEM education. Each team built their app in less than three months which shows their perseverance and dedication to this project. I am proud of these students at Northglenn High School for their dedication in this en-deavor, and I wish them the best in all of their future endeavors. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE LATE ARKANSAS STATE REPRESENTATIVE JOHN LEWELLEN 
HON. WM. LACY CLAY 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my distinguished colleague from Arkan-sas, Mr. F
RENCH HILL, to honor the memory of a great public servant, beloved husband, fa-ther, and grandfather; A distinguished educator, who inspired thou-sands of students; A dedicated public servant who served in the Arkansas Department of Human Services for three decades; A member of the Little Rock, Arkansas City Board and the Pulaski County Quorum Court; And a former Arkansas State Representa-tive who founded the Democratic Black Cau-cus in the Arkansas legislature; My late father-in-law, the Honorable John M. Lewellen, who died last week at the age of 87. State Representative Lewellen was married to the love of his life, Wilhelmina Epps Lewellen for 61-years. A loving father and grandfather, Mr. Lewellen is also survived by two wonderful daughters, Cornelia Lewellen Biddle of Little Rock, Arkansas; and Ivie Lewellen Clay of St. Louis, Missouri; four grandchildren; and three cherished sisters. Mr. Speaker, John Lewellen was a cham-pion for minority-owned and women-owned businesses across the State of Arkansas. He was also a passionate defender of the Right to Vote. He saw the value of saving our history, par-ticularly the historic Mosaic Templars Cultural Center in Little Rock, Arkansas. His entire life was spent serving others, and his legacy will endure. Our family has suffered a great loss, but we are strengthened by our faith which en-trusts his spirit to a loving God who promises that we shall see him again. We give thanks for his remarkable life, and I ask for prayers for his widow, our family, and all his many friends who are mourning the loss of this good and decent man. May God grant him perfect peace, and may he send us cour-age and healing as we remember John Lewellen’s exceptional life. DR. CHERRI PARKS HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Cherri Parks for being honored by the West Chamber of Commerce. Over the last 25 years, Dr. Cherri Parks has maintained a successful career at Colorado Christian University. She has served as the Vice President for Academic Affairs for the College of Undergraduate Studies for the past 12 years. Prior to that, she was a Professor of psychology for 13 years. Dr. Parks said that her students have brought her much joy over the years. She has enjoyed cooking for them, getting to know them and sharing in their lives. In her early career, Dr. Parks spent time working with women on many issues such as finding one’s identity, specifically college-aged women. She has a strong desire to help peo-ple work through challenges in their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Dr. Cherri Parks for this well-deserved honor from the West Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
EAST CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL TEAM 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the East Central High School football team on winning the 2017 IHSAA Class 4A State Championship. The Trojans faced off against the undefeated Lowell Red Devils at Lucas Oil Stadium, on Saturday, November 25, 2017. East Central came from behind to win 14–7, securing their second state title in school his-tory. I am proud of these young men for this re-markable achievement and for the sportsman-ship they displayed throughout this exciting season. I want to commend Coach Justin Roden as well as all of the assistant coaches who led these young men to victory. Congrats, Trojans. 
f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF THOMAS M
CINERNEY 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Thomas (Tom) McInerney for his 8 years of dedicated service as a member and Mayor of the San Anselmo Town Council. Graduating from UC Berkeley in 1986, Tom went to work for Michael Dukakis’s presi-dential campaign as a field director a year later. By 1989, Mr. McInerney went back to school to get his law degree from the Univer-sity of Santa Clara, but this did not dull his passion for political action. In fact, the same year he graduated from law school, Mr. McInerney became a campaign organizer for the Clinton-Gore Campaign. Following his early political work and edu-cation, Mr. McInerney became a partner at the law firm of Thelen Reid Brown Raysman & Steiner in 1992. By 1998, he moved to San Anselmo with his family and in 2008, Mr. McInerney transitioned professionally to a shareholder at the San Francisco office of the Ogletree Deakens law firm, all while maintain-ing his involvement in politics and government. Mr. McInerney was elected to the San Anselmo Town Council in 2009. Over the course of his eight-year tenure, he would serve as the city’s mayor for two years and on a wide array of community boards and organi-zations, including the Marin County Flood Control District 9. Advisory Board, the San Anselmo School Advisory Board, the Central Marin Police Council, and many others. Known for his active leadership, the strength of his convictions, his commitment to public service, as well as his good sense of humor, Tom’s enduring contributions to the town and Marin County will be felt for years to come. Mr. Speaker, Tom McInerney’s service has left many lasting and positive impacts on his community, and I am certain he will continue his community service in a variety of ways in the days ahead. It is therefore fitting and ap-propriate that we honor him on the occasion of his final town council meeting, and extend to him our appreciation for his past—and fu-ture—civic engagement. f 
JENNIFER RYAN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jennifer Ryan for being honored by the West Chamber of Commerce. Jennifer Ryan has worked in healthcare and insurance for 30 years where she has been able to collaborate with wonderful people and organizations with diverse business practices and philosophies. After growing up in Colo-rado, she left and later returned in late 2016 to the Denver Metro area. She is currently the Sales & Marketing Director of Foothills Inte-grated Health. Jennifer has been a featured speaker, edu-cator and trainer in occupational medicine and compliance. She has been featured on The Story Project, StoryCorps with NPR, and was awarded 2017 Colorado Mother of The Year for American Mothers, Inc. She also has a passion for adoption, and served as a board member and treasurer for Families of Russian and Ukrainian Adoption in Southern Colorado for five years. In 2013, Jennifer started a nonprofit art or-ganization, The Mural Project, that works with at-risk kids and under-privileged community members to create one-of-a-kind murals. To date, they have completed 20 projects in El Paso County, Pueblo County and Denver County, and are looking forward to projects in Jefferson County. I extend my deepest congratulations to Jen-nifer Ryan for this well-deserved honor from the West Chamber of Commerce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K29NO8.006 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1617 November 29, 2017 
LAW ENFORCEMENT MENTAL HEALTH AND WELLNESS ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 28, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2228, the Law Enforce-ment Mental Health and Wellness Act of 2017, which would create reports on mental health practices and services that could be adopted by law enforcement agencies. This is an im-portant piece of legislation, and I am pleased to support it. I understand all too well people who experi-ence mental health problems, as I have spent time meeting with individuals during my time as a Congressman. Studies by the National Institutes of Health have shown that individ-uals in my home state of Georgia experience post-traumatic stress disorder and general anxiety disorder at a rate double the national average. Furthermore, law enforcement offi-cers are placed at the forefront as they have to deal with stressful and dangerous situations every day. Currently, federal grants are award-ed to states to fund studies into the social im-pacts of crime. However, there are no condi-tions in place to have these grants investigate the mental health and well-being of law en-forcement, who are neglected as a part of the mental-health problem in the country. For ex-ample, data showed that officers reported more suicidal thoughts than the general popu-lation by over 10 percent. To remedy this, H.R. 2228 will expand the scope of these grants to investigate mental health practices and services that could be adopted by law en-forcement agencies. The Department of Jus-tice (DOJ) would also separately report on programs that have positive impacts on the psychological health and well-being of law en-forcement officers. With these reports, the DOJ would ensure that law enforcement agen-cies have the appropriate resources to deal with mental health issues common to law en-forcement officers. Studies have shown that between 7 to 19 percent of police officers have symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder and they are more likely to die from suicide rather than homicide. I urge my colleagues to stand with me and support law enforcement to obtain the mental-health resources they deserve. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MRS. ADDIE RUTH FOX PARKER ON HER 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the birthday of Mrs. Addie Ruth Fox Parker, who will be turning 100 years old on December 14, 2017. Mrs. Parker was born on December 14, 1917 in Jacksonville (Calhoun County), Ala-bama and reared in their home located on the fringe of the town square. Her father was Cassie Fox, a businessman and landowner and her mother was Jennie Taylor Fox, a school teacher. She is a graduate of Cobb High School in Anniston, Alabama and Ala-bama A&M College (now Alabama A&M Uni-versity) in Huntsville, Alabama, where she played tennis and sang in the choir. Divorced with a daughter, she then married Rev. (Pas-tor) Joseph C. Parker, Sr. on July 28, 1951, in Anniston, Alabama and remained married until his death in 1987. Her husband was a pastor, civil rights leader, teacher, principal, faculty member at the Birmingham (Alabama) Baptist College, and Church Relations Director at Bishop College in Dallas Texas. He also served as pastor of churches in Jacksonville, Anniston, Montgomery, and Birmingham, Ala-bama, as well as Fort Worth and Dallas, Texas, where she served with him as the pas-tor’s wife and occasional pianist, starting in 1951. Resident of DeSoto, Mrs. Parker has been a Texas resident since 1972 and is a member of the Friendship-West Baptist Church in Dal-las, Texas. She retired from a decades-long elementary school teaching career, having taught in Alabama and Texas. While living in Montgomery and Bir-mingham, Alabama in the late 1950s and 1960s, she served in the Alabama Civil Rights Movement as a dedicated and hard-working confidante, partner, participant, and supporter of her husband—Rev. Joseph C. Parker, Sr.— who was a founding pastor, servant, racial jus-tice advocate, and leader of the Alabama Civil Rights Movement, starting in 1955 with his in-volvement in the Montgomery Bus Boycott; Montgomery Improvement Association; Mont-gomery Inter-denominational Ministerial Alli-ance (Secretary); NAACP; Selma to Mont-gomery Marches; the Birmingham civil rights protests; and the Southern Christian Leader-ship Conference and alongside her husband’s Morehouse college friend, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and his wife, Coretta Scott King, and Rev. Ralph D. Abernathy, Sr. and his wife, Juanita Jones Abernathy. Mrs. Parker’s children, grandchildren, other family members, friends, colleagues, and ac-quaintances use these words to describe her qualities and attributes that they believe have contributed to her wonderfully successful life and career—character: strong Christian faith, integrity, commitment, and action; personality: warm, compassionate, giving, loving, deter-mined spirit, lively, and humorous; and intel-ligence: has had and still possesses a keen mind. Mr. Speaker, I ask Congressman JOHN L
EWIS and Congresswoman T ERRI SEWELL and all my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mrs. Addie Ruth Fox Parker on this remark-able milestone. I wish her a special day shared in the company of her family and friends and all the best in the years ahead. 
f 
TRACY KRAFT-THARP 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Representative Tracy Kraft- Tharp for being honored by the West Cham-ber of Commerce. Representative Tracy Kraft-Tharp has deep roots working in Jefferson County, and has an extensive background working in the areas of mental health, child welfare, and juvenile jus-tice. Rep. Kraft-Tharp ran the Gemini House and Women in Crisis programs with Family Tree in Jefferson County, and has run a small con-sulting business helping Jefferson County’s small businesses and nonprofits build their ca-pacity. In 2012, she was elected to the Colo-rado House of Representatives where she cur-rently serves as the Chair of the Business Af-fairs and Labor Committee, the Legislative Audit committee and the Streamlining Sales tax committee. She also serves on the Appro-priations committee. Her focus in the legisla-ture has been on economic development, workforce pathways and increasing access to mental health services. Rep. Kraft-Tharps’s work in the community has included her involvement with the Jeffer-son County League of Women Voters, Jeffco PTA, the Northwest Business and Professional Women. She has also served as a member of the Jeffco Public Schools Strategic Advisory Committee, the City of Arvada Human Serv-ices Council and the Arvada Citizens Capital Improvement Committee. She has also been recognized for her legislative work by the Women’s Chamber of Commerce, Colorado Nonprofit Association and as a Denver Busi-ness Journal Powerbook Finalist. I extend my deepest congratulations to Rep-resentative Tracy Kraft-Tharp for this well-de-served honor from the West Chamber of Com-merce. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN K. DELANEY 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote on Roll Call No. 638 and No. 639. Had I been present to vote on Roll Call No. 638, I would have voted ‘YEA’. Had I been present to vote on Roll Call No. 639, I would have voted ‘YEA’. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JUDGE PREGERSON 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of Judge Harry Pregerson—a beloved husband, father, grand-father, and great-grandfather—who passed away on November 25, 2017 at the age of 94. He was a United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Harry Pregerson was born on October 13, 1923 in Los Angeles, CA and attended the University of California, Los Angeles and the University of California, Berkeley, Boalt Hall School of Law. In 1992, the UCLA Alumni As-sociation awarded Harry the ‘‘Community Service Award’’ for his efforts helping home-less families to house in Salvation Army shel-ters. Harry was also a United States Marine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.014 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1618 November 29, 2017 
Corps First Lieutenant in World War II and suffered severe wounds in the Battle of Oki-nawa. In 2001, the Department of Veterans Affairs honored Harry and presented him with a token of appreciation with the VA seal. In 1967, Harry was first appointed by Presi-dent Lyndon Johnson as a judge of the United States District Court for the Central District of California. In 1979, he was appointed by President Jimmy Carter as a judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth District. Harry took senior status in 2015 at the age of 92 after 36 years on the 9th Circuit. Harry’s judicial philosophy was frequently characterized as being committed to social justice and ensuring due process for all Ameri-cans. He was a strong supporter of fed-eralism, which was evident in his majority de-cision for Gonzales v. Raich, holding that the Interstate Commerce Clause forbade the fed-eral government from interfering with state laws that permitted the use of medical mari-juana. Judge Pregerson focused a spotlight on due process issues for death row inmates as he felt many had not been given fair trials. In 2002, the California Legislature named the interchange between Interstate 110 and Interstate 105 the ‘‘Judge Harry Pregerson Interchange’’ in honor of Harry, the longest- serving judge in the history of the Ninth Cir-cuit. When he was a district judge, he super-vised the settlement of a federal lawsuit against the Century Freeway, enabling the construction of the interchange that would later be named after him. In this settlement, he made sure construction jobs were set aside for women and minorities and a training pro-gram was in place to give them the needed skills. He also ensured that affordable housing was built for residents displaced by the project. Harry is survived by his wife of 70 years, Bernardine, children, Dean Pregerson, who is a federal district judge for the Central District of California, and Katie Rodan, son-in-law Amnon Rodan, daughter-in-law Sharon Pregerson, four grandchildren and two great- grandchildren. Harry viewed the bench as a way to improve the lives of others. I hope his family takes comfort in the way Harry lived his life as a one-of-a-kind patriotic, selfless and caring public servant who let his conscience inform his rulings. May his memory be a blessing to us all. 
f 
KAMI WELCH 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kami Welch for being hon-ored by the West Chamber of Commerce. Kami graduated with a degree in Public Re-lations and Communications from the Univer-sity of Oregon. She pursued a career in that field as well as in the nonprofit sector. Throughout her career, Kami has volunteered with nonprofit organizations that focus on chil-dren, education, homelessness and domestic violence. Currently, Kami is the President of the Ar-vada Chamber of Commerce. Having worked in the Chamber sector for eight years, she has developed a passion for community, business growth and creative marketing strategies. Outside of work, Kami participates on many boards and in several leadership roles such as Family Tree Next Gen, Arvada Vitality Alli-ance, Jefferson County Business Education Alliance, Red Rocks Community College Stu-dent Mentorship Program, Western Associa-tion of Chamber Executives Emerging Leaders Program and more. Additionally, Kami is a wife, mother of two little boys, a community volunteer and a leader of a local business. I extend my deepest congratulations to Kami Welch for this well-deserved honor from the West Chamber of Commerce. 21ST CENTURY RESPECT ACT SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, November 28, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 995, the 21st Century Respect Act. This legislation amends the naming conven-tions for certain racial and ethnic identities in official reports from the Department of Agri-culture (USDA) and the Department of the In-terior. Specifically this legislation replaces the terms ‘‘Negro,’’ ‘‘Oriental,’’ and ‘‘Spanish Sur-name’’ with ‘‘African American,’’ ‘‘Asian Amer-ican,’’ and ‘‘Hispanic.’’ These terminology changes would most no-tably affect the USDA and Department of Inte-rior programs for financing and insuring loans for properties in rural areas. By more accu-rately describing racial backgrounds and places of origin in official program documents, federal agencies can demonstrate a commit-ment to using respectful and appropriate lan-guage. In the current political climate, it is more important than ever to denounce the use of pejorative and historically discriminatory lan-guage. H.R. 995 provides a clear step we can take to promote equality in our country. The terms being replaced are outdated and it is distressing that the government has not up-dated these regulations sooner. We must confront persistent forms of dis-crimination whenever possible, and H.R. 995 gives us an opportunity to do so. Eliminating derogatory identity labels from our lexicon is important both in federal program documents and in our everyday speech. I support this bill and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
f 
HONORING THE CENTRAL PENNSYLVANIA YOUTH BALLET 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is a great honor for me to congratulate the Central Pennsylvania Youth Ballet on their invitation to perform during Honors Week as a part of the 40th Annual John F. Kennedy Center Honors in Washington, D.C. The Central Pennsylvania Youth Ballet, which is headquartered in Carlisle, an area I am proud to represent, is a celebrated leader in the world of dance education. For the past 60 years, the school has provided the young women and men of Pennsylvania access to world-class ballet training. The school’s re-nowned teaching methodology combines inno-vative educational initiatives, an esteemed fac-ulty, and impressive performance opportunities to ensure a learning environment that pro-motes the acquisition of life skills crucial to a child’s development. The Central Pennsylvania Youth Ballet’s alumni continually occupy top positions in the leading ballet companies from San Francisco and Miami to New York, Lon-don and beyond, spreading the school’s mis-sion to inspire, educate, and enrich across the globe. Tonight, the Central Pennsylvania Youth Ballet will perform a selection of George Balanchine works, including Western Sym-phony (2nd Movement) and dances from George Balanchine’s The Nutcracker ®, on the Millennium Stage at the Kennedy Center. This prestigious event provides the school’s hard-working students an opportunity to perform in a nationally renowned venue and affirm the school’s leadership in the world of dance edu-cation. I am honored to represent the Central Pennsylvania Youth Ballet and take great pride in its remarkable success and continued preservation of such a beautiful art form. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the Central Pennsylvania Youth Ballet and congratulating its students on their perform-ance for the 40th Annual Kennedy Center Honors. f 
CHRISTINE WHITE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Christine White for being honored by the West Chamber of Commerce. Christine began her career as an environ-mental chemist when she was recruited by Coors Brewing Company to create and staff a corporate-wide environmental laboratory to meet the requirements of providing certified chemical analyses to the United States Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. Over the years, Christine has moved up in the organization serving as the production manager in the Can Manufacturing Plant and then leading the Technical & Quality functions for a small division, Coors Brewing Worldwide. In that position, Christine and her team were responsible for overseeing the brewing, pack-aging and distribution of all contract operations throughout Canada, Puerto Rico, Mexico, Japan, Taiwan, China and the Virgin Islands. During this time, she was also responsible for leading the development of the company’s global quality management system. Christine was then recruited by Molson Coors Brewing Company headquarters into the newly created position of Deputy Chief Compliance Officer where she was respon-sible for the strategic direction and execution of the global legal compliance program, en-compassing business units in Canada, UK, U.S., Asia and the New Market Development and M&A functions. Currently, Christine is the Global Director for the Business Continuity & Crisis Management department for Molson Coors Brewing Com-pany. Christine has a passion for leadership 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.017 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1619 November 29, 2017 
and mentoring and has spent a great deal of her adult life learning and sharing her passion. She currently sits on the Board of Directors for multiple nonprofits. I extend my deepest congratulations to Christine White for this well-deserved honor from the West Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
COMMENDING THE PUBLIC-PRI-VATE PARTNERSHIP BETWEEN THE FBI AND DIGITAL BILL-BOARDS 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an effective public-private partner-ship used to put fugitives behind bars. For the last ten years, the FBI has partnered with outdoor advertisers in the search for the nation’s most wanted criminals. The partnership started in my state of Penn-sylvania in 2007, Mr. Speaker, where a grad-uate of the FBI Citizens Academy suggested digital billboards be donated to local law en-forcement to aid in the apprehension of fugi-tives. After initial success in Pennsylvania, the concept grew to what it is now a nationwide partnership where the FBI is able to relay and receive critical crime-fighting information with the general public at no cost to taxpayers. In the 10 years of the partnership’s history, tips from the public generated directly from bill-boards have resolved 57 FBI cases. Seven years after the program began in Pennsylvania, it was used prominently in one of the largest manhunts in recent history. In 2014, Pennsylvanians were on high alert after a man opened fire on a state police barracks, killing one state trooper and injuring another. The suspect quickly fled into the woods, and local communities were terrorized by a killer on the loose. The FBI, in partnership with the Outdoor Advertising Association of America, plastered the suspect’s picture and the num-ber for their tip line on hundreds of billboards across Pennsylvania and five other states. The manhunt would continue for 48 days until Eric Frein’s arrest, and Pennsylvanians were given the peace of mind and sense of safety when hundreds of billboards were updated to proudly say ‘‘CAPTURED.’’ Mr. Speaker, as this effective public-private partnership enters its next decade, I commend the FBI and outdoor advertisers for finding a creative solution to fight crime and keep our streets safe. 
f 
CONGRATULATING TODD REDLIN 
HON. JOHN P. SARBANES 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer congratulations to Todd Redlin of An-napolis, Maryland on his retirement after serv-ing twenty-five years at the U.S. House of Representatives. Todd retired October 31, 2017 as a Senior Engineer/Broadcast Spe-cialist at the House Recording Studio in the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer. Todd was born October 28, 1952 to Kath-leen and Robert Redlin outside of Green Bay, Wisconsin. His father was a Navigator/Bom-bardier in the United States Air Force for thirty years and with him Todd traveled to numerous locations both within the United States and abroad. Todd started his broadcasting career with CBS News in 1976 and worked there until coming to the House in 1991. At CBS, Todd was part of a camera crew that covered a plethora of stories, traveled with the press corps on many national campaigns and cov-ered other news events both locally and inter-nationally. Todd often provided the broadcast video coverage of many tragic events such as hurricanes, floods and plane crashes for CBS News. Todd started working at the House Record-ing Studio in 1992 as a Camera Operator and then moved on to become a Senior Camera Operator. He then moved from the Production Department to the Engineering Department and retired as a Senior Engineer/Broadcast Specialist. Todd’s tenure at the House Recording Stu-dio included the broadcasts and webcasts of many Congressional events including com-mittee hearings, Congressional Gold Medal ceremonies, official luncheons and receptions and the annual lighting of the Congressional Christmas tree. In addition to his skills as an operator, Todd is also a very capable video editor. Todd has a younger brother in Texas and married his wife Kathy on May 30, 1981. They have three beautiful children, Trevor, Lindsey and Allison. According to Todd, his four-year- old grandson Wesley is ‘‘a character and a handful. He is just like having a full time job!’’ Todd lists ‘‘the camaraderie with my co- workers’’ as his best memories of his twenty- five-plus years working at the House Record-ing Studio. His colleagues and I wish him well in his re-tirement as he spends more time with his grandson and his hobbies: playing tennis, fish-ing, traveling and rooting for the Green Bay Packers. We thank him for his service. f 
REMEMBERING HARRY KOWALCHYK, JR. 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of Mr. Harry Kowalchyk, Jr. who passed away on Sunday, November 26, 2017. In 1971, Mr. Kowalchyk founded the Na-tional Tractor Trailer School (NTTS) in New-burgh with his business partner and best friend, William Mocarski. For 46 years Mr. Kowalchyk served as president of the NTTS, where he shaped the future of accredited truck driving schools nationwide. The NTTS has trained over 30,000 men and women as entry- level heavy truck and tractor trailer drivers. Mr. Kowalchyk believed in the American dream, and created a school that provided its stu-dents with a high quality education so they could work towards a better life. Mr. Kowalchyk is survived by his wife of 51 years, Mary Kowalchyk, and his daughter and son-in-law, Kimberly and Jamie Sather, his granddaughter and grandson, Nikki and Logan Sather, as well as additional members of his extended family. Mr. Kowalchyk was proud to be a veteran of the United States Marine Corps, serving from 1961 to 1965, and was devoted to many vet-eran causes. Through his support of the Honor Flight Network, Mr. Kowalchyk enabled many Central New York veterans to travel to Washington to visit the memorials that sym-bolize the service and sacrifice of all who served in our nation’s armed forces. Mr. Kowalchyk was known for his patriotism and for doing everything he could to help those in need. For his tremendous efforts to revolutionize our trucking industry, and for making our community a better place, it is my distinct privilege to honor Harry Kowalchyk today. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DAVID STARR 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 29, 2017 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to recognize David Starr, the longtime president of the Republican Com-pany in Springfield, Massachusetts for receiv-ing the Massachusetts Governor’s Award in the Humanities. A national figure in the field of journalism, David’s influence and impact on the media and arts in western Massachusetts and beyond for more than seven decades makes him an ideal recipient for this pres-tigious honor. In my opinion, no one deserves this recognition more. Throughout his extraordinary life, David has always been passionate about journalism and the newspaper business. His career began at age 12, when he started delivering the Long Island Press. Even then he was reading more than ten newspapers a day. At 17, he became one of the youngest editors of the Queen Col-lege newspaper in New York. After serving his country with distinction in the U.S. Army dur-ing World War II, David returned to journalism where he would begin his lifelong association with the Newhouse family. He did every job well and quickly rose through the ranks. The skill he displayed as a reporter, publisher, and eventually president, led him to have a suc-cessful career as the longest-serving news ex-ecutive at the Advance Publications News-paper Group, formerly known as Newhouse Publications. His leadership in the newsroom, particularly at the Springfield Republican, helped him win a well-deserved reputation as a giant in the industry. I first met David in 1977, and few people have consistently done more to improve the quality of life in the Pioneer Valley. He has worked tirelessly to make western Massachu-setts a better place to live, work, and raise a family. He was pivotal in the 1980s and 1990s in revitalizing downtown Springfield by encour-aging the public and private sectors to work together for the progress of the city. David was a critical part of the city’s renaissance. Successful projects like the Monarch Building, the Sheraton Hotel and One Financial Plaza all happened on his watch. He had a vision for our community and it was realized. Addition-ally, he was the founder of several organiza-tions to promote economic and cultural devel-opment including Springfield Business Friends 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K29NO8.011 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1620 November 29, 2017 
of the Arts, the Community Foundation of Western Massachusetts, and the Economic Development Council of Western Massachu-setts. His enthusiastic support of the Spring-field Symphony and WGBY is legendary. Mr. Speaker, David Starr has spent decades listening to people and writing their stories. He was a mentor to a generation of young report-ers just starting their careers in journalism and seeking sound advice and guidance. His good work and philanthropy informed the people of western Massachusetts and helped make their lives better. With his lovely wife Peggy by his side, they remain a truly formidable team. For the past 40 years I have been proud to call David Starr my friend and honored to be a small part of his incredible journey. On behalf of the United States of America, I congratulate him on receiving this important award in Hu-manities. It is a fitting tribute to a remarkable man. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, No-vember 30, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
DECEMBER 5 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine addressing the opioid crisis in America, focusing on prevention, treatment, and recov-ery. SD–124 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Timothy R. Petty, of Indiana, to be an Assistant Secretary of the In-terior, and Linda Capuano, of Texas, to be Administrator of the Energy Infor-mation Administration, Department of Energy. SD–366 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Kenneth L. Marcus, of Vir-ginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, and Johnny Collett, of Kentucky, to be Assistant Secretary for Special Education and Rehabilita-tive Services, both of the Department of Education, and Scott A. Mugno, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Sec-retary, and William Beach, of Kansas, to be Commissioner of Labor Statis-tics, both of the Department of Labor. SD–430 2:30 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on Energy To hold hearings to examine S. 1336, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to reauthorize hydroelectric production incentives and hydroelectric efficiency improvement incentives, S. 1455, to amend the United States Energy Stor-age Competitiveness Act of 2007 to di-rect the Secretary of Energy to estab-lish new goals for the Department of Energy relating to energy storage and to carry out certain demonstration projects relating to energy storage, S. 1563, to authorize the Office of Fossil Energy to develop advanced separation technologies for the extraction and re-covery of rare earth elements and min-erals from coal and coal byproducts, S. 1851, to require the Secretary of Energy to establish an energy storage research program, demonstration and deploy-ment program, and technical assist-ance and grant program, S. 1876, to di-rect the Secretary of Energy to estab-lish a program to advance energy stor-age deployment by reducing the cost of energy storage through research, devel-opment, and demonstration, S. 1981, to amend the Natural Gas Act to expedite approval of exports of small volumes of natural gas, and S. 2030, to deem the compliance date for amended energy conservation standards for ceiling light kits to be January 21, 2020. SD–366 Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider S. Res. 150, recognizing threats to freedom of the press and expression around the world and reaffirming freedom of the press as a priority in efforts of the United States Government to promote democ-racy and good governance, S. Res. 139, condemning the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued vio-lation of the International Covenants on Human Rights, and the nominations of Eric M. Ueland, of Oregon, to be an Under Secretary (Management), and James Randolph Evans, of Georgia, to be Ambassador to Luxembourg, both of the Department of State; to be imme-diately followed by a hearing in SD–419 to examine the President, Congress, and shared authority over the inter-national accords. S–116 DECEMBER 6 10 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of R. D. James, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army, Department of Defense. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine adapting to defend the Homeland against the evolv-ing international terrorist threat. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine firearm ac-cessory regulation and enforcing Fed-eral and state reporting to the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). SD–226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Man-agement, and Regulatory Oversight To hold hearings to examine challenges facing Superfund and waste cleanup ef-forts following natural disasters. SD–406 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 664, to approve the settlement of the water rights claims of the Navajo in Utah, to authorize construction of projects in connection therewith, and S. 1770, to approve the settlement of water rights claims of the Hualapai Tribe and cer-tain allottees in the State of Arizona, to authorize construction of a water project relating to those water rights claims. SD–628 DECEMBER 7 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine Department of Defense acquisition reform efforts. SD–G50 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine implemen-tation of the 21st Century Cures Act, focusing on progress and the path for-ward for medical innovation. SD–430 DECEMBER 13 2:30 p.m. Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Antitrust, Competition Policy and Consumer Rights To hold hearings to examine the con-sumer welfare standard in antitrust. SD–226 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29NO8.020 E29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with REMARKS
D1255 Wednesday, November 29, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7367–S7505 Measures Introduced: Five bills and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 2169–2173, and S. Res. 344.
                                                                        Page S7405 
Measures Passed: Honoring the life and achievements of Dr. Rob-ert Lawrence Jr.: Senate agreed to S. Res. 344, hon-oring the life and achievements of Dr. Robert Law-rence Jr.
                                                                          Page S7490 
Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Consolidation Act: Senate passed H.R. 228, to amend the Indian Employment, Training and Re-lated Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facili-tate the ability of Indian tribes to integrate the em-ployment, training, and related services from diverse Federal sources.
                                                           Page S7490 
Esther Martinez Native American Languages Preservation Act: Senate passed S. 254, to amend the Native American Programs Act of 1974 to pro-vide flexibility and reauthorization to ensure the sur-vival and continuing vitality of Native American languages, after agreeing to the following amend-ment proposed thereto:
                                           Page S7490 
McConnell (for Hoeven) Amendment No. 1637, to amend the authorization of appropriations for the Native American languages grant program under section 803C of the Native American Programs Act of 1974.
                                                                          Page S7490 
John P. Smith Act: Senate passed S. 302, to en-hance tribal road safety.
                                 Pages S7490–91 
Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self- Determination Act Amendments: Senate passed S. 245, to amend the Indian Tribal Energy Develop-ment and Self-Determination Act of 2005. 
                                                                                    Pages S7491–97 
RESPECT Act: Senate passed S. 343, to repeal certain obsolete laws relating to Indians.
      Page S7497 
Columbia River In-Lieu and Treaty Fishing Access Sites Improvement Act: Senate passed S. 669, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to assess sanitation and safety conditions at Bureau of Indian Affairs facilities that were constructed to provide af-fected Columbia River Treaty tribes access to tradi-tional fishing grounds and expend funds on con-struction of facilities and structures to improve those conditions, after agreeing to the following amend-ment proposed thereto:                                   Pages S7497–98 
McConnell (for Hoeven) Amendment No. 1638, to authorize a study of the program to assess sanita-tion and safety conditions at Bureau of Indian Affairs facilities that were constructed to provide affected Columbia River Treaty tribes access to traditional fishing grounds and make related improvements. 
                                                                                    Pages S7497–98 
AMBER Alert in Indian Country Act: Senate passed S. 772, to amend the PROTECT Act to make Indian tribes eligible for AMBER Alert grants. 
                                                                                            Page S7498 
Southeast Alaska Regional Health Consortium Land Transfer Act: Senate passed S. 825, to provide for the conveyance of certain property to the South-east Alaska Regional Health Consortium located in Sitka, Alaska, after agreeing to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute.
     Page S7498 
Oregon Tribal Economic Development Act: Sen-ate passed S. 1285, to allow the Confederated Tribes of Coos, Lower Umpqua, and Siuslaw Indians, the Confederated Tribes of the Grand Ronde Commu-nity of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Siletz In-dians of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes of Warm Springs, the Cow Creek Band of Umpqua Tribe of Indians, the Klamath Tribes, and the Burns Paiute Tribes to lease or transfer certain lands, after agree-ing to the committee amendments.
                 Page S7499 
Measures Considered: National Defense Authorization Act: Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to con-sideration of S. 1519, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year.
                                                                          Pages S7367–93 
Tax Cuts and Jobs Act—Agreement: Senate began consideration of H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO7.REC D29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1256 November 29, 2017 
pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2018, after agree-ing to the motion to proceed, and taking action on the following motion and amendment proposed thereto:
                                    Pages S7393–S7402, S7499–S7504 
Rejected: By 48 yeas to 51 nays (Vote No. 285), Wyden motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Fi-nance, with instructions.
                                        Page S7402 
Pending: McConnell (for Hatch/Murkowski) Amendment No. 1618, of a perfecting nature.
                     Page S7402 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 52 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. 284), Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                                                   Pages S7393–94 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10:30 a.m., on Thursday, November 30, 2017, with one hour of debate remaining on McCon-nell (for Hatch/Murkowski) Amendment No. 1618 (listed above).
                                                               Page S7499 
Appointments: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that a correction to appointments made on November 28, 2017 be printed in the Record. For the information of the Senate, this correction is cler-ical and does not change membership of the Fred-erick Douglass Bicentennial Commission made by the appointments.
                                                      Page S7490 
Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission: The Chair, on behalf of the Majority Leader, pursu-ant to the provisions of Public Law 115–77, ap-pointed the following individuals to the Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission: Kay Cole James of Virginia, and Star Parker of California.
    Page S7490 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Marvin Goodfriend, of Pennsylvania, to be a Member of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System for a term of fourteen years from February 1, 2016. Joseph E. Macmanus, of New York, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Colombia. 2 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. 
                                                                                            Page S7505 
Nomination Withdrawn: Senate received notifica-tion of withdrawal of the following nomination: 1 Air Force nomination in the rank of general. 
                                                                                            Page S7505 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7405 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7405 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S7405 Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7405–06 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S7406 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S7405 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S7407–89 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S7489 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S7489 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—285)
                                           Pages S7393–94, S7402 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 12 noon and ad-journed at 9:52 p.m., until 10:30 a.m. on Thursday, November 30, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S7499.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
NOMINATION Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Barry Lee Myers, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and At-mosphere, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Toomey, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Environment and Public Works: Com-mittee ordered favorably reported the following busi-ness items: 19 General Services Administration resolutions; and The nominations of Kathleen Hartnett White, of Texas, to be a Member of the Council on Environ-mental Quality, and Andrew Wheeler, of Virginia, to be Deputy Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. NOMINATION Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Alex Michael Azar II, of Indiana, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Young, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. NOMINATIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Stuart Kyle Duncan, of Louisiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, who was introduced by Senator Cassidy, David Ryan Stras, of Minnesota, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO7.REC D29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1257 November 29, 2017 
be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Cir-cuit, Fernando Rodriguez, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, and Andrei Iancu, of California, to be Under Sec-retary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Di-rector of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, who was introduced by Representative Mike Kelly, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported an original bill entitled, ‘‘Caring for Our Veterans Act of 2017’’. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 12 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4476–4487; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 634 were introduced.
                                       Pages H9515–16 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H9516–17 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H. Res. 635, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4182) to amend title 5, United States Code, to modify probationary periods with respect to positions within the competitive service and the Sen-ior Executive Service, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1699) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage, to amend the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 to modify the definition of a loan originator, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–430).
                                                Page H9515 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Rice (SC) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H9471 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:26 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H9474 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Pastor Ron Dunn, New Hope Min-istries, Akron, Michigan.
                                       Page H9474 
Committee Resignation: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Bacon wherein he resigned from the Committee on Small Business.
                           Page H9478 
Committee Election: The House agreed to H. Res. 634, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
              Page H9478 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and agree to the following measure: Requiring each Member, officer, and employee of the House of Representatives to complete a program of training in workplace rights and responsibilities each session of each Congress: H. Res. 630, requir-ing each Member, officer, and employee of the House of Representatives to complete a program of training in workplace rights and responsibilities each session of each Congress.                               Pages H9491–98 
Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior National Forest Act: The House considered H.R. 3905, to require congressional approval of any min-eral withdrawal or monument designation involving the National Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota, to provide for the renewal of certain min-eral leases in such lands. Consideration is expected to resume tomorrow, November 30th. 
                                                                             Pages H9498–H9512 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–41 shall be considered as adopted.
                                                                          Page H9498 
Proceedings Postponed: Grijalva amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 115–429) that seeks to increase the royalty rate by 16.66 percent for mineral leases in the Superior Na-tional Forest.
                                                        Pages H9510–12 
H. Res. 631, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 3017) and (H.R. 3905) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 228 ayes to 186 noes, Roll No. 641, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 227 yeas to 189 nays, Roll No. 640.
                                                                Pages H9490–91 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:09 p.m. and recon-vened at 5:14 p.m.
                                                   Page H9514 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H9512. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO7.REC D29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1258 November 29, 2017 
of today and appear on pages H9490 and H9490–91. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 5:15 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
USDA’S ROLE IN DISASTER RECOVERY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘USDA’s Role in Disaster Recovery’’. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Agri-culture officials: Rob Johansson, Acting Deputy Un-dersecretary for Farm Production and Conservation; Leonard Jordan, Acting Chief, Natural Resources Conservation Service; and Steve Peterson, Acting Ad-ministrator, Farm Service Agency. U.S. FOREST SERVICE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment, and Related Agencies held an oversight hearing on the U.S. Forest Service. Testi-mony was heard from Tony Tooke, Chief, U.S. For-est Service. U.S. ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies held an oversight hearing on the U.S. Army Corps of En-gineers. Testimony was heard from Ryan Fisher, Acting Assistant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works); and Major General Donald E. Jackson, Dep-uty Commanding General for Civil and Emergency Operations. SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION AND GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Finan-cial Services and General Government held an over-sight hearing on the Small Business Administration and the General Services Administration. Testimony was heard from Timothy E. Gribben, Chief Financial Officer and Associate Administrator for Performance Management, Small Business Administration; and Timothy O. Horne, Acting Administrator, General Services Administration. FINANCIAL CHALLENGES FACING THE PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION: IMPLICATIONS FOR PENSION PLANS, WORKERS, AND RETIREES Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions held a hearing entitled ‘‘Financial Challenges Facing the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation: Implications for Pension Plans, Workers, and Retir-ees’’. Testimony was heard from W. Thomas Reeder, Jr., Director, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. POWERING AMERICA: EXAMINING THE ROLE OF FINANCIAL TRADING IN THE ELECTRICITY MARKETS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘Powering America: Examining the Role of Financial Trading in the Electricity Markets’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ALGORITHMS: HOW COMPANIES’ DECISIONS ABOUT DATA AND CONTENT IMPACT CONSUMERS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology; and Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Algorithms: How Compa-nies’ Decisions About Data and Content Impact Consumers’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. SUSTAINABLE HOUSING FINANCE: THE ROLE OF GINNIE MAE IN THE HOUSING FINANCE SYSTEM Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance held a hearing entitled ‘‘Sus-tainable Housing Finance: The Role of Ginnie Mae in the Housing Finance System’’. Testimony was heard from Michael R. Bright, Acting President, Government National Mortgage Association. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit; and Sub-committee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals to Counter Terrorism and Illicit Finance’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. THE LATEST DEVELOPMENTS IN SAUDI ARABIA AND LEBANON Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Latest Developments in Saudi Arabia and Lebanon’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. A GLOBAL UPDATE ON ALZHEIMER’S DISEASE Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Global Update on Alzheimer’s Disease’’. Testimony was heard from Marie Bernard, M.D., Deputy Direc-tor, National Institute on Aging, National Institutes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO7.REC D29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1259 November 29, 2017 
of Health; Roger Glass, M.D., Director, Fogarty International Center, National Institutes of Health; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 38, the ‘‘Concealed Carry Reci-procity Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4477, the ‘‘Fix NICS Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2666, the ‘‘AMBER Alert in Indian Country Act of 2017’’. H.R. 38, H.R. 4477, and H.R. 2666 were ordered reported, as amended. MODERNIZING NEPA FOR THE 21ST CENTURY Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Modernizing NEPA for the 21st Century’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 1778, to provide that an order by the Secretary of the Interior imposing a morato-rium on Federal coal leasing shall not take effect un-less a joint resolution of approval is enacted, and for other purposes; H.R. 2630, the ‘‘La Paz County Land Conveyance Act’’; H.R. 3117, the ‘‘Trans-parency and Honesty in Energy Regulations Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3607, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish fees for medical services pro-vided in units of the National Park System, and for other purposes; H.R. 3979, the ‘‘Keep America’s Refuges Operational Act’’; H.R. 4299, to provide for the indefinite duration of certain military land with-drawals, to improve the management of lands cur-rently subject to such withdrawals and to make the management of such lands more transparent, and for other purposes; and H.R. 4300, the ‘‘Admiral Lloyd R. ‘Joe’ Vasey Pacific War Commemorative Display Establishment Act’’. REGULATORY REFORM TASK FORCES CHECK-IN: PART III Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on the Interior, Energy and Environment; and Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Affairs held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Regulatory Reform Task Forces Check-In: Part III’’. Testimony was heard from David Bernhardt, Deputy Secretary, Depart-ment of the Interior; Brittany Bolen, Deputy Asso-ciate Administrator, Office of Policy, Environmental Protection Agency; and Daniel Simmons, Acting As-sistant Secretary, Office of Energy Efficiency and Re-newable Energy, Department of Energy. CYBERSECURITY OF VOTING MACHINES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Information Technology; and Sub-committee on Intergovernmental Affairs held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Cybersecurity of Voting Ma-chines’’. Testimony was heard from Christopher C. Krebs, Senior Official Performing the Duties of the Under Secretary, National Protection and Programs Directorate, Department of Homeland Security; Tom Schedler, Secretary of State of Louisiana; Edgardo Corte´s, Commissioner, Virginia Department of Elec-tions; and public witnesses. PRESERVING ACCESS TO MANUFACTURED HOUSING ACT OF 2017; ENSURING A QUALIFIED CIVIL SERVICE ACT OF 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 1699, the ‘‘Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 4182, the ‘‘Ensur-ing a Qualified Civil Service Act of 2017’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 6–3, a struc-ture rule for H.R. 4182. The rule provides one hour of general debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Reform. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule makes in order only those amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be of-fered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the re-port, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule provides for consideration of H.R. 1699 under a closed rule. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–42 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO7.REC D29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1260 November 29, 2017 
was heard from Chairman Hensarling, and Rep-resentatives Comer, Connolly, and Maxine Waters of California. THE FUTURE OF WOTUS: EXAMINING THE ROLE OF STATES Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of WOTUS: Examining the Role of States’’. Testimony was heard from Wesley Mehl, Deputy Commissioner, Arizona State Land Depart-ment; and public witnesses. UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS: EMERGING USES IN A CHANGING NATIONAL AIRSPACE Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Sub-committee on Aviation held a hearing entitled ‘‘Un-manned Aircraft Systems: Emerging Uses in a Changing National Airspace’’. Testimony was heard from Daniel K. Elwell, Deputy Administrator, Fed-eral Aviation Administration; and public witnesses. EXAMINING VA’S FAILURE TO ADDRESS PROVIDER QUALITY AND SAFETY CONCERNS Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ex-amining VA’s Failure to Address Provider Quality and Safety Concerns’’. Testimony was heard from Gerard R. Cox, M.D., Acting Deputy Under Sec-retary for Health for Organizational Excellence, De-partment of Veterans Affairs; Randall Williamson, Director, Health Care, Government Accountability Office; and a public witness. 
Joint Meetings 
THE ECONOMIC OUTLOOK Joint Economic Committee: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the economic outlook, after re-ceiving testimony from Janet L. Yellen, Chair, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1244) 
H.R. 194, to ensure the effective processing of mail by Federal agencies. Signed on November 21, 2017. (Public Law 115–85) H.R. 1545, to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the authority of the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to disclose certain patient information to State controlled substance monitoring programs. Signed on November 21, 2017. (Public Law 115–86) H.R. 1679, to ensure that the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s current efforts to modernize its grant management system includes applicant ac-cessibility and transparency. Signed on November 21, 2017. (Public Law 115–87) H.R. 3243, to amend title 40, United States Code, to eliminate the sunset of certain provisions relating to information technology, to amend the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 to extend the sunset relating to the Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative. Signed on No-vember 21, 2017. (Public Law 115–88) H.R. 3949, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the designation of State approv-ing agencies for multi-State apprenticeship programs for purposes of the educational assistance programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Signed on November 21, 2017. (Public Law 115–89) f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine recommendations from outside experts for a future Na-tional Defense Strategy, 10:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of M. Lee McClenny, of Washington, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Paraguay, Carlos Trujillo, of Florida, to be Permanent Representative to the Organization of American States, with the rank of Ambassador, and Kenneth J. Braithwaite, of Pennsyl-vania, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Norway, all of the Department of State, and Brock D. Bierman, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine the front lines of the opioid cri-sis, focusing on perspectives from states, communities, and providers, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider the nominations of Leonard Steven Grasz, of Nebraska, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, James C. Ho, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Don R. Willett, of Texas, to be a Circuit Judge, United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, Terry A. Doughty, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Terry Fitzgerald Moorer, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Mark Saalfield Norris, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, Claria Horn Boom, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern and Western Dis-tricts of Kentucky, John W. Broomes, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas, Rebecca Grady Jennings, to be United States District Judge for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO7.REC D29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1261 November 29, 2017 the Western District of Kentucky, and Robert Earl Wier, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern Dis-trict of Kentucky, 10:30 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Home-land Security, oversight hearing on the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, oversight hearing on the Department of the In-terior, 9:30 a.m., 2007 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Transportation, Federal Highway Admin-istration Emergency Relief’’, 3 p.m., 2358–A Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Implementing the 21st Century Cures Act: An Update from FDA and NIH’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Identity Verification in a Post-Breach World’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Latest Developments in Combating On-line Sex Trafficking’’, 2 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investments, hearing entitled ‘‘Implementation and Cybersecurity Protocols of the Con-solidated Audit Trail’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating the Effectiveness of U.S. Sanctions Programs’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘World Wide Threats: Keeping America Secure in the New Age of Terror’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Courts, In-tellectual Property, and the Internet, hearing entitled ‘‘The Role and Impact of Nationwide Injunctions by Dis-trict Courts’’, 2 p.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Full Committee, con-tinue markup on H.R. 1778, to provide that an order by the Secretary of the Interior imposing a moratorium on Federal coal leasing shall not take effect unless a joint res-olution of approval is enacted, and for other purposes; H.R. 2630, the ‘‘La Paz County Land Conveyance Act’’; H.R. 3117, the ‘‘Transparency and Honesty in Energy Regulations Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3607, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish fees for medical serv-ices provided in units of the National Park System, and for other purposes; H.R. 3979, the ‘‘Keep America’s Ref-uges Operational Act’’; H.R. 4299, to provide for the in-definite duration of certain military land withdrawals, to improve the management of lands currently subject to such withdrawals and to make the management of such lands more transparent, and for other purposes; and H.R. 4300, the ‘‘Admiral Lloyd R. ‘Joe’ Vasey Pacific War Commemorative Display Establishment Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 4419, the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation and Bureau of Indian Affairs Water Project Streamlining Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-ing on H.R. 1675, the ‘‘National Landslide Preparedness Act’’; H.R. 4033, the ‘‘National Geologic Mapping Act Reauthorization Act’’; legislation to amend the Geo-thermal Steam Act of 1970 to promote timely exploration for geothermal resources under geothermal leases, and for other purposes; and legislation to provide for the estab-lishment of the National Volcano Early Warning and Monitoring System, 2:30 p.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 2623, the ‘‘Lessening Regulatory Costs and Establishing a Federal Regulatory Budget Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4431, the ‘‘Correcting Miscalculations in Veterans’ Pensions Act’’; H.R. 3638, to designate the fa-cility of the United States Postal Service located at 1100 Kings Road in Jacksonville, Florida, as the ‘‘Rutledge Pearson Post Office Building’’; H.R. 3655, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1300 Main Street in Belmar, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. Walter S. McAfee Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4042, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1415 West Oak Street, in Kissimmee, Florida, as the ‘‘Borinqueneers Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4285, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 123 Bridgeton Pike in Mullica Hill, New Jersey, as the ‘‘James C. ‘Billy’ Johnson Post Office Building’’; and H.R. 4301, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 201 Tom Hall Street in Fort Mill, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Elliott Williams Post Office Building’’, 1 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 4460, the ‘‘Disaster Recovery Reform Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3814, the ‘‘No Human Traf-ficking on Our Roads Act’’; and H.R. 3813, the ‘‘Com-bating Human Trafficking in Commercial Vehicles Act’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Testimony of Erik Prince’’, 3 p.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be open in a closed space. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29NO7.REC D29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1262 November 29, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10:30 a.m., Thursday, November 30 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.R. 1, Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, with one hour of debate remaining on McConnell (for Hatch/Mur-kowski) Amendment No. 1618. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, November 30 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Complete consideration of H.R. 3905—Minnesota’s Economic Rights in the Superior Na-tional Forest Act. Consideration of H.R. 3017— Brownfields Enhancement, Economic Redevelopment, and Reauthorization Act of 2017. Consideration of H.R. 4182—Ensuring a Qualified Civil Service Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of H.R. 1699—Pre-serving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1618 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E1613 Clay, Wm. Lacy, Mo., E1616 Delaney, John K., Md., E1617 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1613 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1616 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E1617 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E1617, E1618 Johnson, Mike, La., E1613 Katko, John, N.Y., E1619 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E1615 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1617 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E1615 Messer, Luke, Ind., E1614, E1616 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E1619 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E1614 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E1613, E1613, E1614, E1615, E1615, E1616, E1616, E1617, E1618, E1618 Pittenger, Robert, N.C., E1615 Renacci, James B., Ohio, E1615 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1614 Sarbanes, John P., Md., E1619 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1619 Young, David, Iowa, E1613 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 Nov 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D29NO7.REC D29NOPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST