Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2815 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, APRIL 24, 2017 No. 69 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mrs. C
OMSTOCK ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, April 24, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable B
ARBARA  C
OMSTOCK to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER Reverend Vincent DeRosa, Francis Xavier, Catholic Church, Washington, D.C., offered the following prayer: God and Lord of all, we acknowledge You to be the shepherd of our national good. Exercise over our people all Your benign sovereignty. We renew our dedication to the rights and justice with which You have endowed us and recommit ourselves in leading truly virtuous lives. In a par-ticular manner, we undertake to bring about the triumph of the common good, especially for the neediest among us, so far as we are able. Divine Lord, we offer You our humble actions to obtain the peace and pros-perity of all our fellow citizens. In this way, may the reign of Your peace be firmly established in all hearts. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 2(a) of House Resolution 242, the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings is approved. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 2(b) of House Resolution 242, the House stands adjourned until noon tomorrow for morning-hour de-bate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Thereupon (at 12 o’clock and 2 min-utes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, April 25, 2017, at noon for morning- hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1116. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Regulatory Affairs, Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Safety Standard for Infant Bath Tubs [Docket No.: CPSC-2015- 0019] received April 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1117. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Connecticut; General Permit to Limit Po-tential to Emit from Major Stationary Sources of Air Pollution [EPA-R01-OAR-2016- 0542; A-1-FRL-9952-93-Region 1] received April 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1118. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Promulgation of State Im-plementation Plan Revisions; Infrastructure Requirements for the 2008 Lead, 2008 Ozone, 2010 NO2, 2010 SO2, and 2012 PM2.5 National Ambient Air Quality Standards; Wyoming [EPA-R08-OAR-2012-0933; FRL-9958-35-Region 8] received April 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1119. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Bacillus simplex strain BU288; Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0123; FRL-9960- 61] received April 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1120. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Syria that was de-clared in Executive Order 13338 of May 11, 2004, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1121. A letter from the Census Bureau Fed-eral Register Liaison Officer, U.S. Census Bureau, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting the Department’s final rule — Foreign Trade Regulations (FTR): Clarification on Filing Requirements [Docket No.: 151222999- 7048-02] (RIN: 0607-AA55) received April 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1122. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final and temporary regulations — Transfers of Cer-tain Property by U.S. Persons to Partner-ships with Related Foreign Partners [TD 9814] (RIN: 1545-BM95) received April 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 1123. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Applicable Federal Rates — February 2017 (Rev. Rul. 2017-4) received April 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP7.000 H24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2816 April 24, 2017 
104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 1124. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Rules for Certain Reserves (Rev. Rul. 2017-03) received April 19, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 1125. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Application of Modified Carry-over Basis to General Basis Rules [TD 9811] (RIN: 1545-BK09) received April 19, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 1372. A bill to amend the Home-land Security Act of 2002 to ensure that the needs of children are considered in homeland security planning, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–92 Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. CHAFFETZ: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 1694. A bill to require additional entities to be subject to the requirements of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Freedom of Information Act), and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–93). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1372 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, Ms. BASS (for herself and Mr. R ICHMOND ) introduced a bill (H.R. 2115) to encourage State, local and tribal jurisdictions to imple-ment and enforce appropriate and time-sen-sitive procedures to notify the next-of-kin or designated person upon the death or life- threatening emergency of an individual who is in the custody of law enforcement; which was referred to the Committee on the Judici-ary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. BASS: H.R. 2115. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 of the United States Constitution, providing—‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representa-tives.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 31: Mr. A RRINGTON . H.R. 305: Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. S UOZZI , and Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 358: Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 525: Mr. T
AYLOR . H.R. 548: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, H.R. 564: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, H.R. 662: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 664: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 669: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 721: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 771: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia and Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 959: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1002: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 1017: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. K
IHUEN , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. B ARLETTA , Ms. B
ORDALLO , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 1065: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 1148: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. K IND, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. H ECK, Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C
RIST, and Mr. C OSTA . H.R. 1279: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1322: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 1442: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1452: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California and Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 1512: Mr. H
ENSARLING and Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 1626: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida and Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1676: Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali- fornia, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. L IPIN-
SKI, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington. H.R. 1677: Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. M CCAUL, and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 1734: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 1739: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 1841: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1857: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1899: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. J
AYAPAL , and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 1939: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS and Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 2059: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.J. Res. 53: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas and Ms. P
LASKETT . H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , and Mr. C URBELO of Florida. H. Res. 188: Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. G OSAR , and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-ico. H. Res. 239: Mr. B
ERA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:51 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L24AP7.000 H24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2473 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, APRIL 24, 2017 No. 69 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Eternal Lord God, our sure founda-tion, we need You during this chal-lenging season. As our lawmakers face a Friday dead-line to fund the Federal Government beyond April 28, inspire them to be part of the solutions and not the prob-lems. Remind them that Your first command to humanity in Genesis 1 was to be productive, to solve problems, to subdue the Earth, and to have sov-ereignty. Lord, give our Senators the wisdom to subdue division, rancor, and par-tisanship. May their primary desire be to unite in the common cause of doing what is best for our Nation and world. Show them how to protect the Con-stitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic. May those who believe in You re-member that You are the only con-stituent whom they must always seek to please. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Y
OUNG ). The majority leader is recog-nized. ISSUES BEFORE THE SENATE Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, over the past couple of weeks, Senators have had the opportunity to travel to their States, meet with those they rep-resent, and talk about issues that mat-ter most to their communities. I think I speak on behalf of each of my col-leagues when I say that this is one of the most important aspects of our jobs. Hearing from those we represent and engaging in discussions about the issues they face allow us to better serve as their voices here in the Sen-ate. It was a productive State work pe-riod, and I know we are all eager to get back to work here in Washington on many important issues. So I would like to welcome back my colleagues as we head into what is sure to be a busy work period. As we all know, bipartisan talks con-tinued through the State work period on the way forward on government funding legislation. Those discussions continue this week so we can complete our work on that issue very soon. And, today, we will have the oppor-tunity to advance two well-qualified administration nominees. In just a cou-ple of hours, we will vote to confirm former Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue to be our next Secretary of Agri-culture. Governor Perdue—who grew up on a farm, worked as a veterinarian, and eventually led a State with a $74 bil-lion agricultural sector—has been around agriculture his entire life. He is well qualified to oversee and imple-ment this Nation’s agriculture, for-estry, and food policies. Because of his more than 20 years of public service, Governor Perdue has garnered signifi-cant bipartisan backing and was re-ported out of committee with a near unanimous vote. This is good news for our country, and it is certainly good news for my home State of Kentucky. Kentucky has a strong heritage of agriculture, which plays an invaluable role in our economy. From traditional cash crops like corn and soybeans to groundbreaking innovations like indus-trial hemp, Kentuckians continue to be on the forefront of agriculture with cutting-edge research and quality prod-ucts. In addition, Kentucky is recog-nized as the world capital of both bour-bon and horses. These industries con-tribute to the State’s economy and to our tourism. As the world turns to the Commonwealth for the 143rd Kentucky Derby, our agricultural sector will be on full display. I look forward to voting to confirm Governor Perdue later today, just as I look forward to working with him to continue developing smart agricultural policies that support both Kentucky and our country. Then we will take a vote to advance the nomination of Rod Rosenstein to be Deputy Attorney General. Rod Rosenstein was confirmed to his cur-rent position as the U.S. attorney for the District of Maryland by a voice vote. He was nominated to that posi-tion by President Bush and retained it under President Obama—throughout President Obama’s entire term of of-fice. He comes to the Senate with a rec-ommendation of Democrats, like our former colleague Senator Mikulski and Maryland’s Democratic attorney gen-eral, who said that ‘‘[Rod] Rosenstein would be an ‘outstanding’ deputy at-torney general.’’ Rosenstein has earned so much bipar-tisan support to serve as the Deputy Attorney General that the Judiciary Committee reported out his nomina-tion with all but one member voting in the affirmative. So, clearly, there is no need to force additional procedural hurdles on this nominee. Yet, our col-leagues across the aisle have decided to force an unnecessary cloture vote on his nomination anyway. It is the latest in a long pattern this year of needless Democratic obstruction that is not in-tended to change a result—just delay 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.000 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2474 April 24, 2017 
for delay’s sake. I would urge our Democratic friends to reconsider what they are doing. Mr. Rosenstein is a highly qualified nominee. He is well respected across the political spectrum and within the legal and law enforcement commu-nities. He should be confirmed without further delay. 
f 
REMEMBERING KATE O’BEIRNE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on another matter, over the weekend, we lost one of conservatism’s most in-sightful journalists with the passing of Kate O’Beirne. Kate was long a leading voice for conservative principles, and she served as mentor to so many all along the way. In a town full of class presidents and big shots, Kate never hesitated to help someone who was new to Wash-ington or down on his luck. She was fiercely devoted to her coun-try, to her faith, and to her family, in-cluding her husband, Jim, her two sons Phil and John, her sisters, and her grandchildren. Beyond her immediate family, Kate helped to foster a family at National Review with her wit, warmth, and compassion. As her family, friends, and many oth-ers across the Nation mourn her loss today, we wish them comfort in this trying time. As anyone who knew Kate can attest, her impact will not soon be forgotten. 
f 
REMEMBERING MATTHEW M
CCLANAHAN Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on one final matter, I would like to offer the Senate’s condolences to a family in the Capitol community who suffered a great loss during the recent State work period. Last week, Matthew McClanahan, a well-respected member of the Capitol community, passed away after a tragic accident near the Capitol Grounds. Matt worked as a pipefitter for the Ar-chitect of the Capitol and earned a rep-utation as a hard worker who took pride in his work here at the Capitol. As those who were closest to him re-call, Matt was ‘‘funny, sweet, and kind’’ and ‘‘always the first to show up when someone needed a helping hand.’’ His sudden passing is felt by so many—colleagues, friends, family, and most especially by his wife, Lauren, and two young children, Evie and Mat-thew. We know that no words can convey the heartbreaking loss they feel, but on behalf of the Senate and the Capitol community as a whole, I want to send our deepest condolences to them at this immensely difficult time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
REMEMBERING MATTHEW M
CCLANAHAN Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, I echo the majority leader’s remarks on the tragic death of Matthew McClanahan last Tuesday. We all know the Architect of the Capitol employs plumbers, landscapers, painters, elec-tricians, custodians, and mechanics. They make their careers by ensuring that our buildings and grounds are well maintained, safe, and beautiful. The stunning tragedy of last week has shaken this entire staff to its core. Matthew McClanahan died way too young. That he died at work in repair-ing the Capitol’s sprinkler system has hit our entire community very hard. To those who worked so hard to save him, you have our gratitude and admi-ration. To those who feel his absence so keenly in their daily lives, you have our sympathy and our support. May you remember the words of Scripture fittingly from Matthew: ‘‘Blessed are those who mourn, for they shall be comforted.’’ Our prayers go out to his family—his wife, Lauren; his 7-year-old daughter, Evie; his young son, Matthew; and to his parents, brothers, and sisters-in- law, and grandparents. His funeral was yesterday, and I un-derstand it was completely packed, with some mourners outside and un-able to get in. He was well loved. He will be well remembered. 
f 
GOVERNMENT SPENDING BILL Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I join the majority leader in welcoming ev-erybody back to the Senate after the 2- week recess. We have a lot of business to attend to this week. Most impor-tantly, we have to pass a spending bill to keep the government open. So far, the discussions between our two sides have been constructive and are progressing nicely. Without inter-ference, I believe our two parties can come together on an agreement by the end of the week. The four-corner nego-tiations—that is Leader M
CCONNELL , Speaker R
YAN, Leader P ELOSI , and I— have been going very well, and a mon-key wrench was thrown into them. I will caution: If the administration insists on poison pill riders or extra-neous funding requests, then our talks could get sidetracked, particularly if the administration demands funding for a border wall. Democrats have been long clear that the border wall is a nonstarter. More than a month ago, here on the floor, from this desk, I warned against in-cluding funding for the border wall in any must-pass government spending bill. If the administration insists on funding for a wall in this bill, it will endanger the prospects of a bill’s pass-ing and raise the prospects of a govern-ment shutdown because a border wall, we believe, is a pointless waste of tax-payer money for several reasons. First, President Trump promised that Mexico would pay for the wall, not American taxpayers. The idea that President Trump is fulfilling a cam-paign promise when he says that Amer-ica will pay for the wall now and Mex-ico will pay it back later is untrue. He will only fulfill his campaign promise if he gets Mexico to pay for the wall now. That is No. 1. Second, the Trump administration has not shown us any specific plans about how and where the wall will be built. How high will it be? How much will it cost? Where along the Rio Grande River will it be built? The President’s own Secretary of the Inte-rior, Mr. Zinke, said: The border is complicated, as far as build-ing a physical wall . . . the Rio Grande, what side of the river are you going to put the wall? We’re not going to put it on our side and cede the river to Mexico. And we’re prob-ably not going to put it in the middle of the river. 
Zinke said it well: How, where, when, and how many dollars is this wall going to cost? Before rushing into it, we ought to see some real plans, not just talk. Third, the cost of the wall is stag-gering. Some estimates peg it as high as $50 billion. That money could be spent a lot better elsewhere on things like infrastructure and education. For example, with $50 billion, we could con-nect more than 98 percent of Ameri-cans to high-speed internet, more than double the Federal funding for roads and bridges across our country, and up-date every VA building listed in the VA’s long-range strategic capital plan. The money would be better spent else-where. Fourth, there are much better ways to protect our borders—with drones, fences, and other more cost-effective measures. The President said the wall is needed to stop the flow of drugs, but drugs come into our country in several ways, including by water, through tun-nels, and snuck in by cars and trucks. We have all seen the pictures on TV where they hide them in the carburetor of the car, and no one finds them. A huge, expensive wall will still have to have border crossings for vehicles. A huge, expensive wall could still have tunnels dug beneath it. In reality, a combination of drones and fencing and other more sophisticated means would be a much more effective way to secure the border. Fifth, in order to build the wall, the President—the Federal Government— would need to take private land, using eminent domain from thousands of law-abiding Americans. Much of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.002 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2475 April 24, 2017 
land on the border is privately owned. It is not owned by the Federal Govern-ment. Eminent domain? A lot of people on that side of the aisle don’t like it, and we all know it would take a very long time to get it done. For those reasons, it is not just Democrats who oppose the wall, many Republicans oppose the wall. According to a Wall Street Journal survey: ‘‘Not a single member of Congress who rep-resents the territory on the southwest border said they support President Trump’s request for $1.4 billion to begin construction of his promised wall.’’ That includes my friends Sen-ators C
ORNYN , C RUZ, M CCAIN, and F
LAKE . For the very same reasons, the Amer-ican people don’t support the idea of a border wall by almost a 2-to-1 margin. A recent Quinnipiac poll found that 64 percent of Americans oppose a wall on the border with Mexico, versus only 33 percent who favor it, and that poll didn’t even include the fact that Mex-ico would not be paying for it under the President’s plan. Now, I say to my colleagues and to President Trump, we Democrats don’t mind having a debate on the wall in regular order. We don’t think it would pass, given the amount of opposition on both sides, but certainly a proposal with as many flaws as this one shouldn’t be the thing the administra-tion uses to hold the government hos-tage and certainly shouldn’t be pushed through without debate, without reg-ular order, without answers to these questions. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT’S FIRST ONE HUNDRED DAYS Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, now, let’s talk a little bit about the Presi-dent’s first 100 days. We are approach-ing the 100-day mark of the Trump Presidency. It is an appropriate time to take stock of what this President has accomplished so far. Unfortunately, it is not much. In the first 100 days, so many of the promises the President made to work-ing families during the campaign have either been broken outright or remain unfulfilled. The President ran as a populist. I have said this to him. The President ran as a populist against both the Democratic and the Republican estab-lishments, promising to stick up for the American worker. He talked like a different kind of Republican who might be willing to work with Democrats, particularly on issues like trade or in-frastructure. Instead, the President has spent the first 100 days governing from the far right on behalf of the powerful and the special interests he once cam-paigned against, breaking his promise to be a President for the American worker—the forgotten men and women, as he called them. It sure didn’t take long for the President to forget them too. The President has broken promises or has yet to fulfill them in areas that matter to so many of his voters and to so many Americans, whether they voted for him or not. He promised he would drain the swamp, right? He talked about it over and over again. He promised he would drain the swamp, but instead he has filled his Cabinet with billionaires and bankers. And lis-ten to this: He has given out secret waivers that allow lobbyists to work in his administration on the very issues they previously lobbied on. That is not draining the swamp. That is filling it up to the brim, going far beyond what others have done. He said he would deliver better healthcare that would cost less and provide more benefits. At one point, he said we are going to give healthcare to everybody, but his bill, TrumpCare, does the exact opposite, providing fewer benefits at higher costs, all to fi-nance a massive tax break for the wealthy. He promised a $1 trillion infrastruc-ture bill. We Democrats sent him our proposal—a $1 trillion infrastructure bill, taking the number he talked about in the campaign—over a month ago. We haven’t seen any proposal or gotten any response from the Presi-dent. The President promised he would be tough on trade, outsourcing, and jobs. He promised he would label China a currency manipulator and fight back against their rapacious trade policies which robbed America of millions of jobs and cost trillions of dollars of our wealth. He hasn’t done that either. The 2018 budget he proposed is a dag-ger to the heart of the middle class, cutting some of the programs that matter to the middle class most, in-cluding transportation, education, and scientific research. So as we head into the 100-day mark, Democrats are going to hold the Presi-dent accountable for the promises he made to working-class voters. We obvi-ously disagreed with a lot of what he said in the campaign, but he made a number of promises to working-class voters that we could have helped him to accomplish. Unfortunately, he has abandoned those promises in favor of a hard-right, special interest agenda. We can work together, but only if President Trump and Republicans ac-tually seek Democratic input and are willing to compromise. Right now it seems the President’s idea of com-promise is never talk to Democrats, put forward his own Republican pro-posal, and pressure us to support it; never talk to Democrats, that is, about the issues he is moving forward. I have talked to him, but it is never on the issues that are before us. That is not the way our politics have ever worked. Unless the President’s approach changes, the next 100 days will be just like the first: a whole lot of talk and no progress, a series of broken or unfulfilled promises to the working families of America. NOMINATION OF ROD ROSENSTEIN Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, fi-nally, one final issue, the nomination of Rod Rosenstein to be Deputy Attor-ney General, which we will vote to pro-ceed on later tonight. I sat down with Mr. Rosenstein a few weeks ago and spent time asking him about his career, his views on the De-partment of Justice, and protecting the integrity of the Department. I came away with the impression that he is someone who is independent, who would stand up for the law, regardless of which party controlled the White House, and his career backs that up. With respect to the executive branch investigation into ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, Mr. Rosenstein committed to me he would appoint a special counsel to conduct that investigation if one is required. He has developed a reputation for integ-rity. He has promised to give this issue careful consideration. I believe, if he studies the Department regulations, he will come to the same conclusion many of us have; that a special counsel is merited. For those reasons, I will be voting for cloture this evening and voting for his confirmation. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume executive session for consider-ation of the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Sonny Perdue, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Agriculture. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 5:30 p.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. The Senator from Utah. 
BEARS EARS NATIONAL MONUMENT  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, last week, I had the opportunity to return home to visit the recently declared Bears Ears National Monument. This Federal designation encompasses roughly 1.35 million acres in Utah, and it is located in one of our country’s most remote communities—Juan Coun-ty. For decades, this quiet county re-mained largely untouched by the ten-sions of modern life and the taint of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.004 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2476 April 24, 2017 
Washington politics, but no more. San Juan County is now the epicenter of a brutal battle over public lands, the outcome of which will have long-last-ing consequences not only for Utah but for the entire Nation. In geographical terms, San Juan County is massive. It is the largest county in the State of Utah and the second largest county in the United States. To put the size of San Juan County in perspective, consider that the county itself is larger than several States, including Connecticut, Dela-ware, and Rhode Island. San Juan County alone accounts for nearly 10 percent of all the land in Utah. Yet Utahns have had very little to say about what actually goes on there. That is because the Federal Gov-ernment administers the vast majority of San Juan County. Incredibly, just 8 percent of the county’s land is under private ownership while an area of more than 2 million acres is controlled by the Bureau of Land Management. This means that for years, my con-stituents who depend on the land’s re-sources, have been at the mercy of out- of-touch bureaucrats who have little knowledge or personal connection to the land. President Obama only made matters worse when he spurned the men and women of San Juan County by declaring the Bears Ears National Monument last December. In doing so, he defied the will of the State legisla-ture, the Governor, and the entire Utah congressional delegation. President Obama’s midnight monument designa-tion imposed even greater land use re-strictions on a region that is already predominantly controlled by the Fed-eral Government. This last-minute monument designa-tion was a case study in Presidential hubris. In making this unilateral deci-sion, our former President either failed to heed the concerns of San Juan Coun-ty residents or ignored them com-pletely. As evidence of his disdain, President Obama issued this declara-tion with no open debate, no public hearing, and no vote in Congress. Utahns are now suffering the con-sequences of his recklessness. When I visited the Bears Ears region last week, I met with small business owners and local officials who admit-ted the fact that the Obama adminis-tration never even gave them the cour-tesy of a simple phone call. President Obama knew his last-minute decision would impact the livelihoods of thou-sands in my State, but he was clearly more concerned with appeasing far-left interest groups than helping the men and women who depend on this land for their very survival. I wish to be clear. In opposing the Bears Ears Monument designation, I am in no way opposing the protection of lands that need to be protected. In-deed, there are many cultural sites in San Juan County that deserve special care, and I am committed to working with the President and with Congress and with the people in that county to preserve these sacred sites. I believe it is both unlawful and un-democratic for any President to seize millions upon millions of acres of land through the Antiquities Act—a law that was meant to give the President a narrow authority to designate special landmarks, such as a unique natural arch or the site of old cliff dwellings. We desperately need a more sensible approach to protecting public lands— an approach that adheres more closely to the original intent of the Antiq-uities Act. Under this bill, Presidents were to exercise their authority to des-ignate only the smallest area necessary to protect objects of antiquity. Instead, past Presidents have abused their power under the Antiquities Act to seize entire swaths of land. In the case of Bears Ears, President Obama cited his authority under the Antiquities Act to lock away an entire quarter of San Juan County—an action that undermines local autonomy and clearly violates the spirit of the law. In my view, land use decisions should not be decreed by executive fiat. They should be made only through a collabo-rative process that involves those who actually live there, live on the land, and know how to manage it. For example, had President Obama worked with—rather than around— Congress to protect public lands, Utah’s schoolchildren would be better off today. That is because there are more than 100,000 acres of school trust land that lie within the 1.3 million-acre Bears Ears National Monument. The land is a significant source of revenue for schools across our State, providing children with the instruction and re-sources they need to succeed well into adulthood. But with President Obama’s unilateral monument designation, this land was effectively rendered useless, eroding our State’s ability to raise much needed funding for Utah’s schools. Had a more responsible legis-lative approach been taken to protect Bears Ears, we could have preserved our school trust lands and protected the revenue they generate to benefit Utah’s schoolchildren. I wish to emphasize again that I am fully committed to protecting the vast stretches of red rock, desert, and roll-ing prairie that dot our western land-scape, but the Antiquities Act is not the means to that end. Monumental land use decisions affecting thousands of westerners should be made by the men and women on the ground and their duly elected representatives, not just the President and his advisers. Congress—not the President alone— should have a say in decisions that re-strict access to millions of acres of fed-erally owned land. In making such decisions, the voice of the people is paramount. That is why last week I visited the people of San Juan County. There, I spoke with Native Americans who rely upon this land and its resources for their very livelihood. I met with members of the San Juan School District who depend on the school trust lands to keep their classrooms lit and their schools up and running, and I met with members of the San Juan County Commission who are dealing firsthand with the negative consequences of the Bears Ears des-ignation. I traveled to San Juan County to lis-ten to the people who feel abandoned by their very own government. My trip only reaffirmed my concern for the Bears Ears National Monument, which I have long held is not in the best in-terest of San Juan County. The men and women of San Juan County are a strong and hardy people. They share a deep connection and his-tory with the land. But San Juan Coun-ty isn’t without its struggles. For dec-ades, it has been listed among the most persistently poor counties in the Na-tion. With the vast majority of the land owned and operated by the Fed-eral Government, the fate of San Juan County rests almost entirely with belt-way bureaucrats making politically motivated decisions more than 2,000 miles away. The families of Southern Utah should not be at the mercy of a Federal bureaucracy so completely out of touch with the western way of life. Enough is enough. Under the Con-stitution, Congress has the sole author-ity to manage public lands. The only reason the executive branch has any say in the management of Federal lands is because Congress granted the President limited authority to partici-pate in this process. We entrusted the executive branch to exercise reason-able authority through bills such as the Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act. At the heart of these poli-cies was the principle of multiple use and sustainable yield—a mandate that Congress gave the executive branch when granting it this authority. The mandate of multiple use was meant to preserve the ability of areas like San Juan County to live and grow, even when inundated with federally owned public lands. But President Obama betrayed this mandate through his Bears Ears designation when he de-clared much more than the smallest acreage possible as required by the An-tiquities Act. When I spoke with the leadership of the San Juan School District, they told me how prosperous the county had been when they were able to strike a balance with multiple land use. But the county’s schools have been strapped for cash ever since the Bears Ears National Monument designation rendered these lands useless. After speaking with school officials, we then met with local county commis-sioners and Navajo from San Juan County and drove together to the heart of Bears Ears, Bears Ears Meadow—be-hind me, the actual Bears Ears split of the mountains. We discussed how the monument could be altered so that the lands that deserve protection can re-main protected but in a way that is consistent with the language of the An-tiquities Act. I believe there will be changes made to Bears Ears. These beautiful lands 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.005 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2477 April 24, 2017 
deserve protection, but so too do the people of San Juan County. They should not be trampled on by their own government. As long as I am a U.S. Senator, I will not stop fighting to make sure that Utahns have a voice in the management of public lands. For years, I have fought to check the abuse of executive power under the Antiq-uities Act. That is why I have been working closely with the Trump ad-ministration from day one to right the wrongs of previous administrations. In the opening weeks of his Presi-dency, I met personally with President Trump in the Oval Office to discuss the national monument issue at length. He listened intently as I relayed the fears and frustrations of thousands in our State who have been personally hurt by the Bears Ears and Grand Staircase monument designations. I explained the urgency of addressing the harm caused by these devastating measures, and I asked for his help in doing so. I was encouraged that, unlike his prede-cessor, President Trump actually took the time to listen and understand the heavy toll of such overreaching activi-ties. Our President even assured me that he stands ready to work with us to undo the damage wrought by previous Presidents under the Antiquities Act, and I believe he will do so. As details emerge, I understand the President even stands ready to issue an Executive order reining in the abuse of authority under the Antiquities Act. Now, this action would direct the De-partment of the Interior ‘‘to review prior monument designations and sug-gest legislative changes or modifica-tions to [these] proclamations.’’ In President Trump, we have a leader who is committed to defending the western way of life. I am deeply grate-ful for his willingness to work with us to undo the harm caused by the over-reach of his predecessors. In protecting our public lands, I look forward to working with the Trump ad-ministration to establish a new prece-dent of collaboration and trust between States and the Federal Government. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the time dur-ing quorum calls be divided equally. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Ms. STABENOW. Madam President, I rise to support the nomination of former Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue to serve as Secretary of Agriculture. Since the beginning of the Trump ad-ministration, the Department of Agri-culture has been left without leader-ship. Based on President Trump’s deci-sions over the past few months, it is clear, unfortunately, that agriculture and small towns like those all over Michigan have been an afterthought. It didn’t help that Governor Perdue was the very last Cabinet Secretary to be nominated by President Trump. The White House then took 7 weeks to sub-mit the official nomination paperwork to the Senate, which further delayed our hearing process. Despite unprecedented delays from this administration, the Agriculture Committee acted in a swift and bipar-tisan fashion to approve Governor Perdue with overwhelming support. Governor Perdue grew up on a dairy and crop farm in a small town in Geor-gia. He worked as a veterinarian and served as a two-term Governor. He has the confidence of nearly 700 agricul-tural stakeholder groups that rep-resent farmers, ranchers, conservation-ists, landowners, and the food and nu-trition communities. He understands that the Agriculture Department has a profound impact on nearly every com-munity across the country and cer-tainly every family. Whether it is bringing broadband to small towns, supporting lifesaving ag-ricultural research, feeding our chil-dren, our families, our veterans, or pro-tecting our forests, our land, our water, and our air, the Agriculture Depart-ment plays a vital role in almost every aspect of American life. Governor Perdue’s leadership is des-perately needed by farmers, families, and all Americans who rely on the USDA. For months, rural America has not had a voice in this administration, and frankly it shows. President Trump’s budget proposal makes it clear that rural America is not a top priority for his administration. His proposal cuts USDA funding by 21 percent, the third largest cut to any Federal agency. To examine the impact these pro-posed cuts would have on our country’s small towns and rural communities, I released a report that highlights how President Trump is turning his back on rural America. This report demonstrates how the Trump budget would eliminate—elimi-nate—the rural water and sewer pro-gram that repairs crumbling water in-frastructure that is depended upon in communities all across America and certainly all across Michigan. This would leave thousands of communities across the country without the ability to provide clean water. USDA business loans are also slated to end, undermining the creation of new jobs in areas where unemployment is already too high. Again, I can go from community to community in Northern Michigan or in the east or the west and talk with people who have been able to start their small business with the support of USDA rural devel-opment business loans, creating jobs, communities, and really helping to form the lifeblood of small towns all across Michigan and the country. Many more critical services for rural Americans are also on the chopping block. Our farmers and our families, frankly, deserve better. We need a Sec-retary of Agriculture who will be a re-lentless advocate for our Nation’s farmers and the important services USDA provides. That is why I am sup-porting Governor Perdue. It is important to stress again that American agriculture and our rural communities are already doing more with less. In the last farm bill, we made responsible, bipartisan reforms that cut $23 billion in Federal spend-ing, and we now know that the 2014 farm bill policies are actually pre-dicted to save tens of billions of dollars more than we originally had expected. The budget cuts the Trump adminis-tration has proposed are frankly irre-sponsible and show a stunning dis-regard for the current state of the farm economy. Farm prices are down nearly 50 percent from their highs just a few years ago, and producers are struggling to make ends meet. Rural America is the economic backbone of our country, and too many small towns are still struggling to recover from the great re-cession. Over the last 8 years, USDA has made important investments in rural com-munities, and we are beginning to see small towns across the country on the road to recovery, but there is more to do. Now is not the time for the Trump administration to turn its back on peo-ple who live in rural America. We need a strong voice to insist that the President listen to the 500 groups that are saying that agriculture, con-servation, food assistance, and other farm bill services are critical to our economy and should be maintained. Rural America has waited long enough for a leader at the USDA. I am pleased the Agriculture Committee worked together promptly and thor-oughly to review Governor Perdue’s qualifications. After multiple con-versations and questions, I am con-fident that Governor Perdue has the experience, the judgment, and the com-mitment to lead this important De-partment. In this Congress, we also have a farm bill on the horizon. I am confident Gov-ernor Perdue will be a strong partner as we develop a bipartisan, comprehen-sive bill that works for farmers and families across our country. In my conversations with Governor Perdue, it is clear that he understands the challenges farmers are facing, from continued low prices, especially our dairy producers who are struggling be-cause unfortunately the safety net that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.006 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2478 April 24, 2017 
was put in place has not worked as in-tended, and it needs to be fixed. I am pleased he is committed to looking for creative solutions in the short run as well as the long run. Now more than ever, we need the next Sec-retary of Agriculture to be a champion for all those families across our coun-try who live in small towns and rural communities. I believe Governor Perdue will look past regional divides and partisan pressures to do what is best for the people we serve. I urge colleagues to support the nom-ination of Governor Sonny Perdue, and I also urge this administration to start supporting the small towns and rural communities that make our country great. Madam President, I yield the floor. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, today I will vote for Sonny Perdue to be the next Secretary of Agriculture. Gov-ernor Perdue, with his lifetime of expe-rience with farming and agribusiness, stands out as one of the few nominees to this Cabinet who appears well quali-fied for the position to which he has been nominated. But to lead the U.S. Department of Agriculture, USDA, and American agri-culture, Governor Perdue must rep-resent the broad spectrum of interests before USDA and do all he can to hear from all sides because this truly is the ‘‘People’s Department.’’ USDA touches the lives of every American, in many ways that include but go far beyond farming itself. This Department’s workforce is spread across all 50 States and another 99 countries. I hope that Governor Perdue will continue the important work that Sec-retary Vilsack diligently led for the last 8 years, to help USDA look for-ward to addressing the changing needs of agriculture and rural America. We must stand by our rural communities, communities that, thus far, seem to be forgotten by this administration. These small towns desperately need USDA’s help to access broadband, to make critical infrastructure improve-ments to their water and wastewater systems, and to support new rural busi-nesses. I also hope that he succeeds in ele-vating the status of USDA among gov-ernment agencies in an administration that appears to have forgotten about both this Department, as well as the rural communities that depend on its work. I am hopeful that, as the Presi-dent’s top adviser on matters of agri-culture, rural development, safe and af-fordable food, the role of immigration in our farm labor needs, research, agri-cultural trade, and countless other issues, he will carefully provide advice that reflects good judgment and inde-pendence from the President and re-spect for the law. I was grateful when Mr. Perdue said in his confirmation hearing that he would be a voice and an advocate for agriculture at the highest levels of gov-ernment. As I reminded him at his hearing and in our private meeting, he must represent all of agriculture. This includes not only the farmers he has gotten to know during his tenure as Governor of Georgia, but also our new and beginning farmers, organic farm-ers, Vermont’s dairy farmers, those selling directly to consumers or fo-cused on local food systems, those try-ing to develop new markets for energy crops, as well as researchers promoting new farm practices, forestry opportuni-ties, and sustainable practices. He must also stand up for our hungry and malnourished families, both here and abroad, and for consumers who want to know that their food is safe to eat and grown in responsible ways. This Department’s work is vast and far-reaching—from helping those with the least, to stewarding Federal forest and range lands, combating climate change, ensuring food safety, con-serving water and wildlife, and pre-serving farmland, to researching new technologies, feeding young school children healthy meals, advancing international trade, supporting rural communities and housing, and ensur-ing fair and competitive markets for farmers. I do have concerns about some of Mr. Perdue’s past statements and posi-tions. I am concerned that he con-tinues to question broadly accepted science regarding the role of humans in the mounting climate crisis. I don’t feel that every question has been an-swered related to past ethical issues. I have heard from many Vermonters concerned not so much with the poli-cies and positions of Mr. Perdue him-self, but who are alarmed by this ad-ministration overall. Some Vermonters fear that Mr. Perdue will not fully de-fend our vital social programs and en-vironmental regulations. I do appre-ciate that, in his confirmation hear-ings, he said that he recognizes that as Secretary he must work hard to im-prove the lives of the least among us and that he knows that it is our re-sponsibility to leave the land better than we found it. In these challenging times for agri-culture and our rural communities, I call on Governor Perdue to provide a loud voice of reason and a thoughtful balance within what continues to be an undisciplined and impulsive adminis-tration led by a President who con-tinues to put forward extreme pro-posals, such as budget cuts that would starve small towns and communities of jobs and opportunity and have a dis-proportionate impact on small towns, and the rest of the Cabinet appears in many cases to have very little under-standing or interest in the needs of rural Americans. As a chairman and most senior mem-ber of the Senate Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry Committee as we begin to write the next Farm Bill, and as vice chairman of the Appropriations Committee, I look forward to working closely with Mr. Perdue in his new role. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Presi-dent, I support the nomination of George Sonny Perdue to be the next Secretary of Agriculture. While I have reservations about some of his record and views, particularly about climate change, Governor Perdue has expressed the collaborative spirit that I believe will make him an effective Secretary and partner to Congress in our effort to support America’s farmers and rural communities. During his confirmation hearing, Governor Perdue committed to support issues of great importance to Mary-land: the Chesapeake Bay, conserva-tion programs, agricultural research, and rural development. Governor Perdue recognized the Chesapeake Bay as a national priority. He acknowl-edged that it is essential for USDA to work with State and local govern-ments, as well as landowners, on con-servation and bay protection. He agreed to work with Congress and the States to dedicate appropriate re-sources to nutrient reduction and water quality improvements in the bay. I also encouraged him to work with me to support small- and medium- sized farms and to keep our 1,890 His-torically Black Colleges and Univer-sities strong, and he committed to do so. Governor Perdue voiced support for the critical Federal assistance that the Department’s rural development agen-cy provides to rural communities in Maryland and the Nation as a whole. He also committed to working with Congress to improve broadband and telecommunications infrastructure in rural America. Governor Perdue faces a budget that cuts the Department 21 percent, com-pletely eliminates the Water and wastewater loan program and reduces staffing at USDA service center agen-cies. The budget’s $17.9 billion cut would harm those the Department serves and the people who work there. I expect Governor Perdue to keep his word to be a forceful advocate for his Department. I have concerns about ethics con-troversies during Mr. Perdue’s tenure as Governor of Georgia and his climate change skepticism. If the Senate con-firms Governor Perdue, I will pay close attention to his actions as Secretary. Governor Perdue has made a number of commitments to support agriculture and environmental conservation in Maryland, and I intend to hold him to them. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no one yields time, the time will be divided equally. The majority leader. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to proceed to legislative ses-sion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.008 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2479 April 24, 2017 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 32, Alexander Acosta to be Secretary of Labor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of R. Alexander Acosta, of Florida, to be Secretary of Labor. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of R. Alexander Acosta, of Florida, to be Secretary of Labor. John Barrasso, Susan M. Collins, Ron Johnson, Deb Fischer, Luther Strange, Bill Cassidy, Lindsey Graham, John Boozman, Mike Rounds, David Perdue, Lamar Alexander, Tom Cotton, Orrin G. Hatch, Todd Young, Mitch McCon-nell, Joni Ernst, Dan Sullivan. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the mandatory quorum call with respect to the cloture motion be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate resume consideration of the Perdue nomination, as under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
REMEMBERING TRISH VRADENBURG  
Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I rise today to honor the wonderful life and extraordinary work of Trish Vradenburg. It is with a heavy heart that I note the passing of my dear friend and esteemed ally in our na-tional effort to defeat Alzheimer’s dis-ease. Many of our colleagues in this Cham-ber not only counted Trish as a friend but also greatly respected her as a champion in the war against an inter-national enemy—Alzheimer’s disease. It is through our work shedding light on this horrific disease, creating a roadmap for a cure and strategies for prevention, that Trish and I developed an enduring friendship. She and I shared the experience of having our be-loved mothers claimed by this cruel and merciless illness. We knew the rav-ages of Alzheimer’s on our loved ones firsthand and vowed that other people should not have to experience such suf-fering. The impact of her mother’s illness motivated Trish and her cherished hus-band George to dedicate much of the past two decades to fighting Alz-heimer’s disease. Together they raised funds, founded and led the innovative UsAgainstAlzheimer’s organization, committing their time, energy, per-sonal resources, and passion to bring Alzheimer’s disease out of the shadows and to advocate for the policies and re-search needed to stop this disease and prevent it from occurring in the future. Trish was a multidimensional force of nature. Creative, caring, and com-passionate, she was a devoted daughter and caregiver to her mother. She was a loving mother to her two children, Alissa and Tyler, their spouses, and four grandchildren. And, as so many of us here know, she was completely dedi-cated to her husband George, a man of enormous talent and business acumen. My wife Susan and I have been privi-leged to call Trish and George treas-ured friends for more than 20 years. To say that George and Trish were ideal partners does not fully capture their love story. They were soulmates, com-plementing each other perfectly and creating a powerful, enchanting, and dynamic duet. Many of us have tales of our interactions with Trish and George, witnessing firsthand Trish’s in-defatigable spirit, perseverance, and leadership. Simply put, you never wanted to tell Trish ‘‘maybe’’ or ‘‘no,’’ particularly when the issue was Alz-heimer’s disease. This was compounded by the fact that Trish was a master communicator and humorist. She did not mince words and knew how to convey a message, often delivered with memorable one- liners. A gifted writer, she authored novels, sitcoms, and op-eds, with many of her recent pieces calling attention to the great threat of Alzheimer’s dis-ease. I had the honor of playing the role of her mother’s doctor on stage in Trish’s award-winning play, ‘‘Surviving Grace,’’ which shines a spotlight on Alzheimer’s impact not only on the pa-tient but on their family members as well. It was right here in the Senate that Trish began her professional career as a speechwriter to Senator Harrison Williams of her home State of New Jer-sey. Therefore, it is particularly fitting that the Senate pause to recognize this remarkable woman and her many ac-complishments across so many fields. In closing, it is difficult for me to comprehend that Trish has passed away and that we will no longer hear her powerful voice, her luminous laughter, her one-liners, experience her creativity, and benefit from her pas-sionate conviction that we must keep fighting to defeat Alzheimer’s. The in-domitable memory of Trish Vradenburg—an amazing, creative, and pioneering woman—motivates us all to live to the fullest and to accelerate our work so that we can soon reach the day when Alzheimer’s disease is found only in the history books. In these ways, her inspirational legacy lives on as George continues their important work with Trish in his heart, in her family’s love, and in her friends’ and colleagues’ ad-miration. This was a great woman whom we have just lost, a champion for finding a cure for Alzheimer’s disease, and I am so honored to be able to speak in the U.S. Senate to tell the Nation of the work of this great woman. With that, I yield back the remainder of my time. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, I rise to support the nomination of Gov. Sonny Perdue for Secretary of the Depart-ment of Agriculture. As the only active farmer in the U.S. Senate, I have high expectations of the next Ag Secretary. Over the past 2 weeks, like millions of other farmers across this country, I have been on my farm and out in the fields, planting peas and wheat and safflower. When you are on the tractor day in and day out, from sunrise to sunset, you have a lot of time to think, and over these past 2 weeks, I have been thinking a lot about the important role Mr. Perdue will play in strengthening rural Amer-ica. A lot has changed in the 100 years since my grandparents homesteaded our farm. New technology and im-proved equipment has made us more ef-ficient producers, but a consolidation in the marketplace has taken its toll on rural communities. The shrinking number of family farms has depopu-lated rural communities like the one I grew up in. Today, a combination of consolida-tion and low commodity prices is tak-ing its toll on family farmers and ranchers. Commodity prices are low across the board. In fact, in some cases, markets are below the cost of produc-tion. At the same time, we have seen rising input costs. The price of fer-tilizer and seed is increasing at the same time that we have seen prices de-crease. To make matters worse, the big 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.009 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2480 April 24, 2017 
guys use tough times like this to sweep up the family farms and ranches and add to their bottom lines at the ex-pense of hardworking folks who are trying to keep their operations in the family. The next Ag Secretary needs to work with Senators from rural States like Montana to identify ways to reverse this trend of consolidation because when a family farm goes under, the rip-ple is felt across the community as schools lose funding, and the local gro-cery stores and hardware stores lose customers. Yet this is not the first time rural America has stood nose to nose with adversity. We had adversity in the dirty thirties, and we fought through the high interest rates of the 1970s. I know folks in rural America will over-come adversity once again, but in order to do so, we need an Ag Secretary who will ensure that we are supporting rural communities, not pulling the rug out from underneath them. This means pushing back against the draconian budget cuts that have been put forward by this administration. The proposed budget slashes 21 per-cent from the USDA. That is nearly $5 billion. These budget cuts undermine important resources in rural America across this country and in Montana. The proposed budget also guts the Farm Service Agency—a one-stop shop where farmers and ranchers sign up for critical ag initiatives. If cuts are made to the Farm Service Agency, farmers and ranchers will likely be forced to travel greater distances to get the as-sistance they rely on to create jobs in communities like Havre and that they rely on to put food on the tables of this country. The proposed budget also eliminates the rural Water & Wastewater Loan & Grant Program. When communities cannot access the resources they need to update critical water and watershed infrastructure, rural families suffer. Quite frankly, the White House’s budg-et will be a nail in the coffin for rural America. The USDA budget needs to reflect the needs of rural communities. That means increasing resources for farmers and ranchers and improving access to high-speed broadband for schools, busi-nesses, and families. It also means boosting overhead support and loans for mom-and-pop businesses. The next Ag Secretary needs to fight for a USDA budget that works for rural families. Once Mr. Perdue is confirmed, I urge him to take the initiative and fight against these damaging cuts that will hurt rural America. In addition to the USDA budget, we are a year away from the expiration of the farm bill. Over the past 6 months, I have traveled across Montana and have met with folks to discuss their priorities for the next farm bill. With wheat prices at a decade low and with ranchers experiencing an incredible plunge in cattle prices, it is critical that we construct a farm bill that works for family farms and ranches. I do not believe the next farm bill will solve all of the challenges we are fac-ing today, but it should give certainty to farmers and ranchers who could be a bad storm or a cold winter away from losing their livelihoods. Once Mr. Perdue is confirmed, I will be asking him to take an active role in this debate to ensure that the next farm bill meets the needs of family farmers and ranchers. I urge Mr. Perdue to help me educate folks in this body and in the White House that the safety net is more than a talking point. Preserving the safety net in the next farm bill will ensure that a bad year does not wipe out family farms and ranches across this country. Families in rural America want a fair oppor-tunity to succeed, and the farm bill should be a tool that works for small- scale producers, not just for the big guys. Finally, I urge Mr. Perdue to work hand in hand with us westerners to make sure we are responsibly man-aging our forests. Breaking through the management gridlock in our na-tional forests will reduce fire risks and will put folks back to work. I have been a long supporter of col-laborative efforts to increase active forest management, improve recre-ation opportunities on our public lands, and preserve these special places for future generations. Republicans and Democrats have worked together to propose important reforms that end fire-borrowing and fund our response to forest fires like we fund other natural disasters. These are the kinds of solu-tions we need to increase active forest management and put folks back to work in the woods, and I look forward to the next Ag Secretary joining our efforts. The USDA has a lot on its plate, and rightfully so. There are major issues facing our farmers and ranchers in rural communities and national for-ests, and it is time to tackle these issues head-on. I think Governor Perdue is a standup man. I appreciate our open and honest conversations about the need to work together to strengthen rural America, and I am more than willing to give him a fair shake, but I will be honest. These prob-lems are too great to ignore through the honeymoon period. I expect Gov-ernor Perdue to hit the ground running so we can invest in rural families, im-prove opportunities for farmers and ranchers, and break through the grid-lock that plagues our national forests. I look forward to tackling these issues with Mr. Perdue, and I encour-age my colleagues to give Mr. Perdue the same fair shake. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, first of all, I have a rare opportunity to follow J
ONTESTER , who is a great farmer from Montana, a great ranking mem-ber of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, and a man who knows agriculture well. I grew up picking up pecans off the ground on my grandfather’s farm. I know a little about it. I know the salt- of-the-earth people who grow our food and our fiber who make our country work. I doubt if many people have had the opportunity to be a U.S. Senator, but I know this; that very few have had the opportunity to be a U.S. Senator and serve with the cousin of an ag com-missioner, because the Presiding Offi-cer who is presiding over this vote is the cousin of Sonny Perdue, the man we are going to confirm as Secretary of Agriculture under Donald Trump’s ad-ministration. I am pleased to be the senior Senator from Georgia to brag about all of the Perdues whom I know in my State and all they have contrib-uted to our State and how important Sonny Perdue is going to be to us as the Secretary of Agriculture. If one looked in Webster’s Dic-tionary—and if it were a picture dic-tionary and every word were described not by words but by a picture—if one looked up ‘‘Ag Secretary,’’ you would see Sonny Perdue’s picture. Think about this for a second. He grew up on a row crop farm in Bonaire, GA, which is an ag community in our State. He was in the fertilizer business and the grain business. He was a part-ner in a storage and shipping business with his cousin, the junior Senator from Georgia, DAVID PERDUE . He grad-uated with a doctorate degree in vet-erinary medicine from the University of Georgia—one of the preeminent vet-erinary medicine schools in the coun-try. He presided as Governor of the State of Georgia after he was speaker pro tempore of the senate of the State of Georgia. He was the president pro tempore in the senate when he was a Democrat. He was the Governor when he was a Republican. He did not switch parties for any reason except that he wanted to do right, and when one party went in the wrong direction, he took the party in the next direction and took them to lead our State to bigger and higher heights. He presided over a State that has 42,000 farmers and a $75 billion farm gate product. Georgia is agriculture and knows agriculture. I served in the legislature with him in the State senate. I served under him when he was our Governor. I served with him as the Governor when I was in the U.S. House, and later in the U.S. Senate. We worked on agriculture busi-ness and port business. We worked on the Port of Savannah. We worked on everything that was in the interests of Georgia. Sonny Perdue knows that there is one way to do a job, and that is the best way he knows how: Do it right the first time, and you never have to apologize. President Trump has made a great decision for our State. He has made a great decision for our country. He has picked the finest person you could find available in the United States to be the Secretary of Agriculture for the United States of America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.023 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2481 April 24, 2017 
He graduated from the University of Georgia, was in the farm business him-self, served as a Governor, served as the speaker pro tempore, and married the prettiest woman in Georgia—and I will get in trouble for classifying her that way, but it happens to be the truth, and I never lie on the floor of the Senate. I am going to be proud tonight when I cast my vote for Sonny Perdue as Secretary of Agriculture, along with the Presiding Officer and everybody else. I commend our President on a great selection, I congratulate our State on a great favorite son, and I commend the Senate Committee on Agriculture for the nomination of a great Agriculture Secretary, as well as Senator R
OBERTS . I commend my brother and my friend, my fellow Georgian, Sonny Perdue, to the Senate today, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote in favor of his nomination. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. ROBERTS. Mr. President, I wish to thank my dear friend, my colleague from Georgia, for making such an out-standing statement in his own inimi-table fashion—sort of a Paul Harvey of the Senate, if you will—and I know that he would never lie on the Senate floor. He might stretch the truth a lit-tle, but just a bit. I thank him so much for his testimony on behalf of our next Secretary of Agriculture. The Senate will soon vote on the con-firmation of Governor Sonny Perdue, the President’s nominee for U.S. Sec-retary of Agriculture. The Department of Agriculture is made up of 29 agencies and offices, and it employs nearly 100,000 men and women who work in all 50 States and around the globe. The Department pro-vides leadership on food, agriculture, natural resources, rural development, nutrition, scientific research, and re-lated issues that impact every Amer-ican every day. Throughout our Nation’s history, our farmers and ranchers and business owners in rural America have survived drought and disease and floods and tor-nadoes and whatever else Mother Na-ture throws at them. We just had a big prairie fire in Kansas. Yet, year after year, they produce the safest, most abundant and affordable food and fiber supply in the world. Today, however, our producers from across the country are facing tough economic times, with multiple years of low prices. These same producers now need a strong market for whatever they produce. During this critical time, the importance of trade for the agri-culture industry cannot be overstated. We have to understand within the ad-ministration, within this Senate, and with our colleagues in the House, that, yes, it is important to export things that we make, but it is also equally im-portant to export things that we grow. On top of all of this, our farmers and ranchers and rural businesses have been burdened by regulations from agencies across the Federal Govern-ment. I have heard time and again, as has my distinguished colleague who is the Presiding Officer, that the costly and hard-to-understand regulations have and are endangering the ability of our producers to even stay in business. Members of the Agriculture Com-mittee have a lot of work to do over the next 2 years, including regulatory reform and recommending to our new Secretary what he can do in that re-gard but also the reauthorization of the farm bill. We intend to do that work in the bipartisan fashion that has served us so well in the past. I will make the statement—I have the privi-lege of being chairman of the Agri-culture Committee—that we are the least partisan committee in the Sen-ate, and today that means a lot. It also means we work well with our distin-guished ranking member, Senator D
EBORAH STABENOW from Michigan. But, now, more than ever, agri-culture needs a voice, an advocate, and a champion at the highest levels of government, and Governor Perdue has been nominated to serve in exactly that role. As has been said, he is from Georgia. He was raised on a farm and practiced as a veterinarian before returning to his home county to work in the grain business. He was elected to serve in local and State government, including two terms as the distinguished Gov-ernor of the State of Georgia. During his confirmation hearing— and I want to underscore that his con-firmation hearing was unique in the Senate in that there were no attacks on the nominee—Governor Perdue knew the answers to the questions that he was going to be asked. He didn’t have to be briefed. The Governor dem-onstrated a real understanding of the challenges that now face the agri-culture industry and the willingness to work together to find solutions. The Agriculture Committee received many letters in support of his nomina-tion, including support from six former U.S. Secretaries of Agriculture, rep-resenting both Republican and Demo-cratic Presidents, and another from nearly 700 organizations across the ag-riculture and food value chain. Last month, the Agriculture Com-mittee voted by voice vote to report Governor Perdue’s nomination to the full Senate—a voice vote. Our farmers and ranchers have been long waiting for this important role to be filled. Once Governor Perdue be-comes Secretary Perdue, I know he will put the needs of farmers, ranchers, and others in rural America first, and lead us in both the House and Senate to im-plement a productive trade policy and economic recovery in rural and smalltown America. So I urge my colleagues to join in bi-partisan support for Sonny Perdue’s confirmation as Agriculture Secretary and for being the champion for farmers and ranchers and growers and con-sumers. I yield the floor. Mr. President, after a careful count-ing of the Members present on the floor, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Under the previous order, the ques-tion is, Will the Senate advise and con-sent to the Perdue nomination? Mr. ISAKSON. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. PERDUE (when his name was called). Present. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ). The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 87, nays 11, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 112 Ex.] YEAS—87 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—11 
Blumenthal Booker Gillibrand Harris Markey Menendez Reed Sanders Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Perdue 
NOT VOTING—1 
Flake 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.025 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2482 April 24, 2017 
Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney General. Mitch McConnell, John Boozman, Jeff Flake, Thom Tillis, Richard Burr, Mike Crapo, John Barrasso, Chuck Grassley, Mike Rounds, John Kennedy, John Thune, Pat Roberts, James E. Risch, Orrin G. Hatch, Shelley Moore Capito, Lindsey Graham, John Cornyn. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney General shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) and the Sen-ator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 92, nays 6, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 113 Ex.] YEAS—92 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—6 
Blumenthal Booker Cortez Masto Gillibrand Harris Warren 
NOT VOTING—2 
Flake Shelby 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 92, the nays are 6. The motion is agreed to. EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney General. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. CONFIRMATION OF SONNY PERDUE  
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I rise tonight to speak briefly about our new Secretary of Agriculture, my first cousin Sonny Perdue. I grew up with this man. I probably know too much about him, but we won’t go there to-night. He grew up on a farm. He be-came a doctor of veterinary medicine and served in the Air Force. He had an ag business for the past 40 years. He and I have been in business together. I have seen his integrity, and I have seen his responsibility all my life. He is the first Republican Governor in over 135 years in our State in Geor-gia—just 15 years ago now, I guess. He served two terms. He created the Com-mission for a New Georgia, and he started an economic development focus in our State that has carried on for the last 15 years and has yielded the fact that our State today, by independent reports, is the best State in the coun-try in which to do business. Tonight, he has been confirmed as our next Secretary of Agriculture. I could not be more proud for him, for our family, and, most importantly, for our country. I want to be the first in this august body to call my cousin Sonny Perdue by his new title: Mr. Secretary. I believe he is an outstanding can-didate. I want to commend the Presi-dent of the United States for his nomi-nation. I think this is further evidence that this President, Donald J. Trump, is building an outstanding Cabinet with which to change the direction of our country, to get this economy going, to put America back to work again, to reengage internationally, and develop a fair and level playing field for the rest of the world economically. As Secretary of Agriculture, my cousin has a big job, and he has a big responsibility. I look forward to work-ing with him as a member of the Sen-ate Agriculture Committee to make our agricultural and farming and ranching industries vigorous and strong now and for future generations. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I am grateful for this opportunity also to offer a few remarks on the confirma-tion of Governor Sonny Perdue as Sec-retary of the U.S. Department of Agri-culture. President Trump could not have nominated a more qualified indi-vidual to lead the USDA. Today’s vote is not only a huge win for agriculture and rural America, but it is a win for the American economy. This vote also represents the first time since the 1990s that a southerner has become Secretary of USDA. For many Arkansans, agriculture is not just a rich part of our State’s heritage; it is our livelihood. Over the last few years, this liveli-hood has been threatened due to tough economic times in the farm economy. As I travel across the State of Arkan-sas, I see and hear about those chal-lenges firsthand. In 2013, the farm econ-omy accounted for a record high of $120 billion. Three years later, the farm economy now has accounted for a record low of $67 billion. This is a real-ly hard time for the farm economy, and folks are really hurting in rural Amer-ica. Now more than ever, our farmers and ranchers need a champion. I believe Sonny Perdue is that champion. One of the ways we can help our farm econ-omy is by opening new markets for American products. I was pleased that during his confirmation hearing, Gov-ernor Perdue expresses his support for working hard to open new markets to American agricultural products. As a two-term Governor from Geor-gia with a background in agriculture and as a veterinarian, he understands the importance of the agriculture in-dustry to our economy and the chal-lenges our farmers and ranchers face in rural communities. I can think of no better person to lead the USDA during this challenging time. Governor Perdue’s resume is impressive, and he is highly respected in the agriculture community. Simply put, he has what it takes to get the job done. I congratulate Gov-ernor Perdue on his confirmation as Secretary of USDA. I thank my col-leagues in the Senate for their support, and I look forward to working closely with him and his staff to address the needs of rural America. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. 
OSCE 
Mr. WICKER. Mr. President, I was saddened to learn that an American member of the OSCE Special Moni-toring Mission to Ukraine was killed this past weekend by a landmine. Jo-seph Stone was carrying out his duties in territory controlled by Russian- backed separatists. Two other members of the team—one from the Czech Re-public and another from Germany— were injured. The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe controls these monitoring teams. They are comprised of unarmed civilians. The mission has been in the region since 2014, when, un-fortunately, Russian-backed troops in-vaded Crimea. Had Russia lived up to the Minsk agreements and ceased sup-porting, directing, funding, and fueling separatists in this region, there would have been no need for the mission to continue. Sadly, that is not the case. This par-ticular special monitoring mission cur-rently fields roughly 700 monitors, with 600 of them in Donetsk and Luhansk. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.027 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2483 April 24, 2017 
Those who are part of this mission are unarmed civilians. They serve as the eyes and ears for the world in the con-flict zone. They report on the near-con-stant violations of the cease-fire, as well as reporting on humanitarian needs of the population. They play an essential role in the un-derstanding of the situation on the ground, often under extremely difficult circumstances and, certainly, as we have seen with Joseph Stone, dan-gerous circumstances. As a member of the Armed Services Committee, I often hear from our top military leaders about the importance of the OSCE and the work being done by the special monitoring missions. In late March, for example, during a hearing of the Armed Services Com-mittee, GEN Curtis M. Scaparrotti, commander of the U.S. European Com-mand and Supreme Allied Commander in Europe, called attention to the good work of OSCE in the region and the work of the monitoring missions. He confirmed in his testimony that ‘‘Rus-sia is directing combined Russian-sepa-ratist forces to target civilian infra-structure and threaten and intimidate OSCE monitors in order to turn up the pressure on Ukraine.’’ He also said, ‘‘Russian-led separatist forces continue to commit the majority of ceasefire violations despite attempts by the OSCE to broker a lasting ceasefire along the Line of Contact.’’ The tragic death of American Joseph Stone underscores the need for the OSCE monitors to have unfettered ac-cess across the front lines and across the border regions controlled by the separatists. This unfortunate tragedy is a result of this access not being granted. I commend the Austrian Foreign Minister, who serves as OSCE chair-in- office, for calling attention to this tragedy and calling for an immediate investigation into these events. Those who are responsible for the death of Jo-seph Stone and the injury of the two other monitors should be held account-able. Joseph Stone died serving his coun-try by serving as a part of this inter-national effort, and I extend my condo-lences this evening to his family and friends. I once again call on the Russian lead-ership to put an end to the cycle of vio-lence and to live up to its OSCE com-mitments. As chairman of the Helsinki Commission, the U.S. part of the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly, I think it is important for Members of the Senate and for Americans to understand the important role that Americans are playing in this effort. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. 
RELEASE OF AYA HIJAZI  
Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, as a part of my office’s ‘‘Expression NOT Oppres-sion’’ initiative, I come to the floor today to highlight once again both a good news story with regard to human rights and a continuing challenge. First let me begin by highlighting the good news. Aya Hijazi, whom I have spoken about before on the floor, is an American-Egyptian citizen whom Egyptian officials had imprisoned on trumped-up charges almost 3 years ago. She was released, and she was able to return home to the United States last week. I am pleased that she was set free, as are many of my colleagues in the Senate who had been calling for the Egyptian authorities to release her. I know this was a topic of conversation during Egyptian President Elsisi’s visit to the United States 3 weeks ago. I want to also take this moment to thank the Trump administration for working to ensure her freedom. They were instrumental—in fact, they were key in this being possible. They made it a priority in their private engage-ments with regard to President Elsisi. Sadly, there are still many more po-litical prisoners who remain jailed in Egypt. We here in Congress as well as the administration should continue to raise these issues with the Egyptian Government until all of them are re-leased, regardless of their citizenship status. As the leader of the free world, the United States must work to safeguard the freedoms and liberties of all people. We must speak frankly with our allies, with our partners around the world, and we must work with governments to improve their human rights records. It is ultimately in America’s na-tional security interests to have stable democracies that observe the impartial rule of law and that respect the rights of their people. CHECHNYA  
Mr. President, I would like to high-light the horrific reports on the pro- Russian Chechen Government’s brutal campaign against LGBT people and others over the last several weeks. Human Rights Watch recently re-ported that ‘‘law enforcement and se-curity agency officials under control of the ruthless head of the Chechen Re-public, Ramzan Kadyrov, have rounded up dozens of men on suspicion of being gay, torturing and humiliating the vic-tims.’’ There are reports that at least 100 men have been arrested. At least three men have reportedly been killed since the campaign began. Chechen LGBT in-dividuals, as well as those suspected of being gay, have been taken to unoffi-cial secret detention facilities where they have endured heinous abuses. They also face the danger of so-called honor killings committed by their own relatives. Instructive in that vein is a state-ment from a spokesman for the Chechen leader. Here is what he told the Russian news agency, talking about gay men, in particular, in the LGBT community: ‘‘If such people ex-isted in Chechnya, law enforcement would not have to worry about them, as their own relatives would have sent them to where they could never re-turn.’’ Unfortunately, this is not a new re-ality for those living under the brutal tyranny of the Chechen leader who, by the way, happens to be a loyal ally of Vladimir Putin. There have been re-ports in the past of similar abuses, al-though these reports seem to be the most brutal and should provoke anger in all of us. We should never, ever tolerate human rights violations against any person for their political views, their religious beliefs, or their sexual ori-entation. According to reports today, Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov said that Rus-sian officials had not seen information to confirm the reports. Additionally, Putin’s spokesman said: ‘‘We have no reason not to trust the head of the re-public’’—talking about the Chechen Republic—‘‘until there are actual com-plaints in this regard, not abstract, anonymous but actual complaints.’’ Well, the actual complaints are all around us. They have been well docu-mented in publications throughout the world, but instead, Vladimir Putin is choosing to prop up Kadyrov, the Chechen brutal dictator, and prop up his brutal regime instead of holding them accountable. The United States and other respon-sible nations should do more to ensure that all people are protected and those who harm them are held responsible. We should use our voice on the global stage to call attention to these horri-fying acts and to ensure that they are condemned in an appropriate way, ulti-mately in the hopes that they will be stopped. TRIBUTE TO ALEX BURGOS  
Mr. President, before I yield the floor, as a matter of privilege, I am joined by a long-time staffer of mine who, in about 20 minutes, will end his employment with our office. Alex Burgos has worked for me since 2009, when he left a stable job with a stable paycheck to go work for an un-derdog candidate with no chance to win in the U.S. Senate race in Florida. For the last 8 years, he has been a critical member of our team. We are proud that he has moved on and is going to be working in another place outside of government, where he will be quite successful. We have watched him grow both in his professional ca-reer as well as his family. We are very proud of Alex because he is also from South Florida. He grew up in a household in the community where I grew up, in a story we are quite fa-miliar with. We are very grateful for the service he has provided to the State of Florida, to my office, to my campaign before that, and we are proud of what I know he will achieve in the months and years to come. Given all the leadership he has pro-vided our office over the years, I am grateful he had a chance to be on the floor with us for this speech. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:23 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.030 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2484 April 24, 2017 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TECHNET’S 20TH ANNIVERSARY Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize TechNet for its indis-pensable role in promoting the innova-tion economy and to congratulate the organization on its 20th anniversary. TechNet is a national, bipartisan net-work of technology CEOs and senior executives that represents more than 2 million employees in the fields of infor-mation technology, e-commerce, ad-vanced energy, biotechnology, venture capital, and finance. Over the last two decades, TechNet has advanced public policies and private sector initiatives that have helped to strengthen our Na-tion’s position as the global technology leader and to create jobs and opportu-nities for millions of Americans. TechNet has been at the forefront of championing research and develop-ment, broadband connectivity, entre-preneurship, cyber security, tax re-form, education reform, high-skilled immigration, and many other issues. TechNet was founded in 1997 by two giants in the technology industry: John Doerr and John Chambers. John Doerr’s technology career began in 1974 at Intel, where he held roles in engineering, marketing, man-agement, and sales. He later founded Silicon Compilers, a VLSI CAD soft-ware company, and cofounded @Home, a nationwide broadband cable Internet service. In 1980, John joined Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, KPCB, and has since supported some of the world’s most successful entrepreneurs, includ-ing Google’s Larry Page, Sergey Brin, and Eric Schmidt; Amazon’s Jeff Bezos; and Inuit’s Scott Cook and Bill Camp-bell. John avidly supports entre-preneurs seeking to create the ‘‘next big thing’’ in mobile and social net-works, education, and economic devel-opment. Ventures sponsored by John have created more than 300,000 new jobs. Outside of KPCB, John also sup-ports entrepreneurs who focus on the environment, public education, and al-leviating global poverty. John serves on the boards of Amyris, Google, and Zynga, as well as several private tech-nology ventures. John Chambers spent 8 years with Wang Laboratories and 6 years with IBM before joining Cisco in 1991 as sen-ior vice president, worldwide sales and operations. Over the course of 20 years at Cisco, he helped grow the company from $70 million, when he joined, to $1.2 billion when he assumed the role of CEO, to $47 billion when he stepped down as CEO in 2015. He is now execu-tive chairman of the board for Cisco, where he counsels Cisco’s leadership on company strategy, digital trans-formation, and strategic partnerships. John has received numerous awards for his leadership, including being named one of the Best-Performing CEOs in the World in 2015 by Harvard Business Re-view and receiving the Edison Achieve-ment Award for Innovation. John has also been named one of Barron’s’ World’s Best CEOs, one of Time Maga-zine’s 100 Most Influential People, and the Best Boss in America by 20/20. In addition, John has been widely recog-nized for his philanthropic leadership and his active role in corporate social responsibility initiatives. He served on President Bill Clinton’s Trade Policy Committee and on President George W. Bush’s National Infrastructure Advi-sory Council, Transition Team, and Education Committee. As chairman of the Senate Repub-lican High-Tech Task Force, I com-mend John Doerr and John Chambers for their continuing efforts to keep America’s technology industry at the forefront of the global economy. I honor them for their significant con-tributions to the tech industry. In February of this year, I unveiled my innovation agenda for the 115th Congress and discussed several prior-ities to strengthen and secure Amer-ica’s place as the global leader in inno-vation. TechNet shares many of these priorities, including spurring high-tech investment and enhancing America’s competitive workforce. Our Nation is in need of workers with training in science, technology, engi-neering, and math—or STEM dis-ciplines. We need to encourage our ris-ing generation to focus on hard science and quantitative skills and to provide opportunities for Americans already in the workforce to develop expertise in these fields. Enhancing our competi-tive workforce also means improving the process by which high-skilled indi-viduals in other countries come to the United States to fill crucial positions for which there is a shortage of Amer-ican labor. As we endeavor to reform our high-skilled immigration system, we need to ensure that this system is not manipulated to undercut domestic wages or displace American workers. We need to reward good actors who use the system as it was intended and close off the ability of bad actors to profit by sending American jobs overseas. TechNet provides our Nation an in-valuable service as it continues to champion policies that promote the in-novation economy. As a leader on tech and innovation issues here in the Sen-ate, I look forward to working with TechNet and the rest of the tech com-munity to ensure that the United States remains the global technology leader. I congratulate TechNet on its first 20 years and wish the organization the best of luck in its next 20 years. f 
REMEMBERING TOM BUTLER Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I wish to honor my dear friend, Tom Butler, a longtime journalist from Pa-ducah, KY. After an extraordinary life, Tom passed away March 31, 2017 at the age of 79. During his 35-year career at WPSD Local 6, Tom worked as an announcer, news director, and the vice president of news. John D. Williams, the general manager of the station, remembered him as ‘‘probably the most talented journalist I’ve ever had the privilege to know.’’ Tom maintained a fierce dedi-cation to accurate and fair reporting. To his viewers throughout western Kentucky, he became a symbol of trustworthy news. In his decades in the news business, Tom covered everything from the weather to U.S. Presidents, but he may be remembered most fondly for the mentorship he provided. Bill Evans, WPSD Local 6 vice president of news and operations, wrote ‘‘[a]t one time, all three television stations in Louis-ville had prime anchors whom Tom had mentored.’’ He constantly praised those whom he had helped to get their start in the business, instead of accept-ing any acclaim himself. I had the privilege of knowing Tom for many years, and I always enjoyed appearing on his show ‘‘Accent,’’ where I saw his kindness and professionalism firsthand. I join the entire Jackson Purchase community in remembering Tom’s honesty, passion, and faith. Even after his retirement from WPSD, Tom continued to serve at East Baptist Church and as president of the Commu-nity Concert Association of Paducah. Earlier this year, the University of Kentucky Journalism Alumni Associa-tion announced that Tom would be in-ducted into the 2017 Class of the Ken-tucky Journalism Hall of Fame. Tom’s long and distinguished career makes him incredibly deserving of this honor, and I believe it is an excellent way to pay tribute to his legacy. Elaine and I send our deep condo-lences to Tom’s wife, Janice, and his children, Tom, Jr., and Amy. Tom touched so many lives, and we all stand by the Butler family in their time of grief. 
f 
AMBASSADOR NIKKI HALEY ON HUMAN RIGHTS Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, on April 19, CNN published a guest column by U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, ‘‘An unprecedented step on human rights.’’ At a time when 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.032 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2485 April 24, 2017 
President Trump has praised Egypt’s President el-Sisi and Turkey’s Presi-dent Erdogan, both of whom are re-sponsible for brutal crackdowns on dis-sent and for subverting the institutions of democracy, and after the White House lifted human rights restrictions on the sale of military equipment to Bahrain and Secretary of State Tillerson did not participate in the public release of the Department’s An-nual Report on Human Rights Prac-tices, Ambassador Haley’s op-ed is wel-come. In it, she made several statements that I think bear repeating. For exam-ple, she said: ‘‘[W]idespread human rights violations are a warning sign—a loud, blaring siren—that a breakdown in peace and security is coming.’’ ‘‘[T]here is hardly an issue on the agenda of the Security Council that does not in some way involve human rights.’’ ‘‘The next international crisis could very well come from places in which human rights are widely disregarded . . . we know from history that it will happen. And when it does, the United Nations will be called upon to act. We are much better off acting before abuse turns to conflict.’’ I strongly agree with all of that and commend her for saying it. Ambassador Haley singled out sev-eral countries, including Syria, North Korea, Iran, and Cuba, where violations of human rights—although of different types and on vastly different scales— are common. A few days later, Secretary Tillerson rightly criticized the government of Venezuelan President Maduro, who has locked up his political opponents and sought to decapitate what remains of the institutions of democracy in that country. It is not sufficient, however, as some in this administration have been doing, to defend human rights only in coun-tries whose governments are regarded as adversaries of the United States. That is the politically safe approach, and it weakens the credibility of those who seek to defend human rights. It is important to note that the gov-ernments of a number of U.S. allies, such as Egypt, the Philippines, Turkey, Ethiopia, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, and Vietnam, also routinely violate human rights by arresting and imprisoning dissidents, independent journalists, and members of organizations who peace-fully protest against government poli-cies. In the Philippines, anyone suspected of using or selling drugs is in danger of summary execution by the police. Thousands have been killed with impu-nity in the past 9 months. In Honduras, scores of journalists and environmental activists have been assassinated, and rarely is anyone arrested or punished. In Colombia, thousands of social activ-ists and human rights defenders have been killed, many of them victims of the security forces and rightwing armed groups, and few people have been held accountable. There are many other examples. I hope Ambassador Haley’s statement is a sign that human rights will be-come a visible and consistent focus of the Trump administration’s foreign policy. Freedom of expression, associa-tion, and peaceful assembly, and due process—these are all rights and ideals that Americans cherish. They are also enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. As the world’s oldest democracy, we have a responsibility, and it is in our interest to defend them wherever they are violated because protecting fundamental rights is nec-essary, not only for justice and the rule of law, but, as Ambassador Haley points out, for global peace and secu-rity, including America’s security. I ask unanimous consent that Am-bassador Haley’s guest column be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
[From CNN, Apr. 19, 2017] A
NUNPRECEDENTED STEP ON HUMAN RIGHTS  (By Nikki Haley) Imagine you are the parent of a boy—a teenager. Policemen come to your home in the middle of the night and take your boy away. He is held without explanation for weeks. And when he finally comes home, your boy has all the marks of having been tortured. Bruises from being beaten. Red, open wounds from being burned. Then you look at his hands and the worst is confirmed. Where his fingernails once were, there are only raw, bloody, exposed nerves. Grown men with pliers, he tells you, ripped his finger-nails off in prison. For a group of parents in Syria in 2011, this was not an exercise in imagination but a horrifying reality. Their boys were arrested and tortured for the crime of writing anti- government graffiti on the wall of a school. When the parents marched in protest to de-mand their children’s release, security serv-ices opened fire on them. When more people came out to protest the killings, the govern-ment fired on them again. Soon, the point of no return was reached. ‘‘We were asking in a peaceful way to re-lease the children but their reply was bul-lets,’’ a relative of one of the boys told a re-porter. ‘‘Now we can have no compromise with any security branches.’’ The Syrian war is just one example of how human rights violations can become a vi-cious cycle of violence and instability that quickly spirals into all-out war. What began as an act of free expression of the kind Americans take for granted has become a conflict responsible for hundreds of thou-sands of deaths and millions of desperate ref-ugees. Nations thousands of miles away have been impacted. As the U.S. Ambassador to the United Na-tions, I’ve looked at how we can do more to respond to human rights violations before they reach the level of conflict. Tradition-ally, the United Nations Security Council has been considered the place where peace and security are debated, not human rights. But Tuesday, at the insistence of the United States, for the first time the Security Coun-cil took up the connection between human rights and conflict. We debated how wide-spread human rights violations are a warn-ing sign—a loud, blaring siren—that a break-down in peace and security is coming. Syria is not alone. In the Democratic Re-public of the Congo today, it is no coinci-dence that reports of government soldiers and armed groups committing extrajudicial executions of civilians in the Kasais region are occurring at the same time that the se-curity situation appears to be quickly spi-raling out of control. These sorts of allegations demand answers from independent investigations. And when violations are found to occur, the United Na-tions cannot turn a blind eye. We must en-gage these violators early and often, in the statements we make and the measures we impose. Human rights violations and abuses suffered by civilians rarely have a happy ending. At best, they drive desperate people from their homes and from their countries. At worst, they radicalize them to take up arms themselves. In other cases, human rights violations and abuses don’t lead to violence down the road, they exist side-by-side with threats to peace and security. In fact, the world’s most brutal regimes are also the most ruthless violators of human rights. In the case of North Korea, human rights abuses literally finance the government’s nu-clear and ballistic missile programs. Polit-ical prisoners work themselves to death in coal mines to finance the regime’s military. Starvation, sexual violence and slave labor in the prison camps help supply the North Korean nuclear program. In Burundi, the government is using human rights violations to stifle dissent. The Burundian government services use tor-ture to crack down on protestors. This has forced hundreds of thousands of people to flee to neighboring countries and caused massive regional disruption. A U.N. report detailed 17 types of torture used by the gov-ernment, including driving sharpened steel rods into the legs of victims and dripping melted plastic on them. In fact, there is hardly an issue on the agenda of the Security Council that does not in some way involve human rights. As presi-dent of the Council, I’ve had great support from U.N. Secretary General Antonio Guterres in driving home the connection be-tween threats to human dignity and threats to peace. I’m grateful as well to my col-leagues on the Security Council, who agreed to take this unprecedented step. The next international crisis could very well come from places in which human rights are widely disregarded. Perhaps it will be in North Korea or Iran or Cuba. We don’t know when the next group of desperate people will rise up or when the next gang of violent ex-tremists will exploit human suffering to fur-ther their cause. But we know from history that it will happen. And when it does, the United Nations will be called upon to act. We are much better off acting before abuse turns to conflict. Imagine if we had acted six years ago in Syria. If we learn nothing else from the tor-ture of children, let it be this: Evil is an in-escapable fact of life, but the violence that results from human rights violations and abuses is not inevitable. We can choose to learn from history, not doom ourselves to re-peat it. f 
OPENS ALASKA ACT Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, Senator S
ULLIVAN and I introduced a bill, S. 883, the Offshore Production and Energizing National Security Alaska Act of 2017, to lift a damaging Federal moratorium, reopen Alaska’s energy- rich Arctic waters to responsible pro-duction, and ensure our home State re-ceives a fair share of the revenues from development off our coasts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.018 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2486 April 24, 2017 
According to the U.S. Geological Sur-vey, the Arctic contains 22 percent of the world’s undiscovered, technically recoverable oil and gas resources. The Federal Government projects that the Beaufort and Chukchi Seas alone con-tain an estimated 23.6 billion barrels of oil and 104.4 trillion cubic feet of nat-ural gas. Yet, despite that prolific po-tential, the Obama administration spent much of the past 8 years system-atically putting the region off limits. It began with the cancellation of lease sales scheduled for our Arctic Outer Continental Shelf. It continued with critical habitat designations, the imposition of burdensome new rules, and a constantly shifting administra-tive approach that seemed designed to make commercial operations impos-sible. We saw new withdrawals in our Arctic OCS in early 2015, followed by a decision by President Obama, just days before he left office, to withdraw near-ly all of the region from future leasing. Those decisions ran directly contrary to the views of the vast majority of Alaskans, who overwhelmingly support the responsible development of our Arctic OCS. Those decisions ran con-trary to the promises made to Alas-kans, at statehood and repeatedly in the years since then, that we would be allowed to access our resources to help build our State. Those decisions have already cost Alaskans jobs and reve-nues and today continue to deprive us of a golden opportunity to provide for our families, end our economic reces-sion, and refill our Trans-Alaska Pipe-line System. Our bill, the OPENS Alaska Act, rec-ognizes our needs and opportunities in Alaska, it rejects the heavy-handed de-cisions made against our State in re-cent years, and it puts our policies for the Arctic OCS on a better track. First, it repeals President Obama’s so-called 12(a) withdrawal of nearly all of the offshore Arctic. This is a simple necessity, before leasing can occur. It is not a statement about the Presi-dent’s current legal authority to amend, modify, or revoke a withdrawal made under section 12(a) of the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act. I believe our new President has all the authority he needs to revoke the Alaska with-drawals, and I hope he will do just that. If he does, precedent will be on his side. In the meantime, our legisla-tion makes clear the position of Alas-ka, which is that we do not support the withdrawal and want it gone by any possible legal means. Next, our bill would create a new nearshore Beaufort Planning Area. The State of Alaska currently conducts an-nual lease sales in the area from zero to 3 miles offshore. The establishment of a separate planning area in the adja-cent nearshore zone will provide a real, near-term opportunity to provide vital throughput into the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System, known as TAPS, be-cause of its proximity to existing infra-structure. Projects in this area are easier, faster, and less expensive. Our bill would also provide for addi-tional lease sales in the Nearshore Beaufort Sea and Cook Inlet Planning Areas. By lifting the withdrawals in the Beaufort and Chukchi Seas, those areas would be eligible for leasing in the next Five-Year OCS Leasing Pro-gram or a supplement to our current program. Frequent and predictable lease sales are needed to create sta-bility and certainty for investors, Alas-ka, and the United States. It is also important that Alaska and Alaskans receive fair compensation for any exploration, development, and pro-duction that occurs in the Arctic OCS. Under current law, no matter how much energy we provide for the rest of the Nation, Alaska will receive none of the revenues. That arrangement is widely recognized as unfair, and so my bill devotes a reasonable share of the revenues that will only be generated as a result of this bill, and as a result of the waters that are only part of the United States by virtue of Alaska, with our State. We have divided revenue sharing into two time periods, from 2017 to 2027 and from 2027 onwards, to reflect our dif-fering needs during the exploration, de-velopment, and production phases. During the initial 10-year period, our bill proposes that 7.5 percent of the revenues be shared with the State and 7.5 percent of revenues be divided be-tween coastal political subdivisions. The division between coastal political subdivisions is based on distance from the lease tracts, with 90 percent of the funds going to areas within 200 miles and 10 percent reserved for coastal po-litical subdivisions that are beyond 200 miles but determined by the State of Alaska to be staging areas. In addition, our bill would allocate 2.5 percent of the revenues it generates to fund competitive grants for work-force development in support of OCS development, 2.5 percent to fund the North Slope Science Initiative, 2.5 per-cent to the Secretary of the Interior to support offshore development and the establishment of pipeline rights-of-way on Federal land associated with Beau-fort and Chukchi development, and 2.5 percent to the Tribal Resilience Pro-gram established by the act. The re-maining 75 percent would go to the U.S. Treasury, to help pay down our national debt. Following the initial 10-year period, we propose to divide the revenues slightly differently, with 50 percent going to the Treasury, 30 percent to the State, 7.5 percent to coastal polit-ical subdivisions, and 12.5 percent to the Tribal Resilience Program estab-lished by the act. These divisions do not apply to what is known as the 8(g) zone, such as the Nearshore Beaufort, where Alaska currently receives 27 per-cent of revenues. The Tribal Resilience Program estab-lished by our bill, which is national in scope, would provide grants for a num-ber of critical purposes. These funds could be used to relocate villages or communities experiencing or suscep-tible to coastal or river erosion, to con-struct infrastructure to support emer-gency evacuations, to restore or repair infrastructure damaged by melting per-mafrost or coastal or river erosion, to install and manage energy systems that reduce energy costs and green-house gas emissions, and to construct and maintain social or cultural infra-structure that supports resilient com-munities. The OPENS Alaska Act will allow our home State to produce more of its vast offshore energy resources, which is a priority for the vast majority of Alaskans. It will help us create good jobs, generate billions of dollars in new revenues, and ensure a stable footing for our State for generations to come. I urge the Senate to recognize the im-provements this bill makes to our cur-rent policies and to join Senator S
UL-
LIVAN and I in supporting its passage in this Congress. 
f 
102ND ANNIVERSARY OF THE ARMENIAN GENOCIDE Mr. REED. Mr. President, last Thurs-day I had the honor of joining my friends from the Armenian National Committee of Rhode Island in my hometown of Cranston, RI, to raise the flag of Armenia in remembrance of the 102nd anniversary of the Armenian genocide. Over a century ago, the Young Turk leaders of the Ottoman Empire sum-moned and executed over 200 Armenian community leaders and intellectuals, beginning an 8-year campaign of op-pression and massacre. By 1923, an estimated 1 and a half million Armenians were killed, and over a half a million survivors were ex-iled. These atrocities affected the lives of every Armenian living in Asia Minor and, indeed, throughout the world. The survivors of the Armenian geno-cide, however, persevered due to their unbreakable spirit and steadfast re-solve and went on to greatly contribute to the lands in which they found new homes and communities, including the United States. This genocide has been denied for far too long. That is why I have joined with several of my colleagues on reso-lutions over the years to encourage the U.S. to officially recognize the Arme-nian genocide. But as we remember our history, we must also look to the present and to our future. Recent efforts to bring Azerbaijan to the negotiating table have injected new momentum into the push for a lasting agreement in Nogorno Karabakh. It is critical that the United States, along with our regional partners, continue to press for a peaceful resolution to the conflict that respects the rights of all stakeholders and allows for a more sta-ble and prosperous future for Armenia. As ranking member on the Senate Armed Services Committee, I remain 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.023 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2487 April 24, 2017 
committed to supporting efforts to pro-vide assistance to Armenia to strength-en security, promote economic growth, and support democratic reforms and development. We also must find a way to come to-gether to recognize our past and to show our unwavering support to those facing persecution today. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN MASSICK Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, we often hear about the term ‘‘Greatest Generation’’ in describing the people who endured the Great Depression and persevered in World War II. Today I am proud to talk about one of those people who is a part of the Greatest Genera-tion, my constituent John Massick. John was born, quite fittingly, on Veteran’s Day in 1915. Last November, John celebrated his 101st birthday. Mr. Massick enlisted in the Army in 1941, serving the H Company 378th In-fantry Division. During his time in the Army, John was promoted to the rank of sergeant. John served in combat, in-cluding multiple battles in France dur-ing 1944. Mr. Massick’s service con-cluded upon his honorable discharge in 1945. He earned several decorations in the line of duty, earning the Good Con-duct Medal, American Defense Service Ribbon, two Bronze Stars, and others. After John’s discharge from duty, he returned home to Davenport, IA, where he still lives. John and his late wife, Velma, raised two boys. Our country can’t thank Mr. Massick enough for his service. We will never truly be able to repay the debt owed to those who put their lives on the line in defense of freedom, not just for Ameri-cans but for those around the world. While I may not ever be able to thank Mr. Massick enough for his service, I do hope that shedding light on his in-credible service may serve as a symbol of this body’s gratitude. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL SCOTT JACKSON Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, today I wish to thank COL Scott Jackson for his exemplary service and outstanding leadership as the chief of the Army’s Senate Liaison Division. During his tenure with the Office of the Chief Leg-islation Liaison, Scott was able to bring more than 24 years of experience in various leadership and staff posi-tions to provide superior support to the work of the U.S. Senate. Additionally, I congratulate Scott on his recent se-lection to command the Army’s first Security Force Assistance Brigade at Fort Benning, GA. In support of the global war on ter-ror, Scott has deployed to Iraq three times, for a cumulative 41 months. In 2003, he served as the lead operational planner for the First Cavalry Division, writing the initial counterinsurgency campaign plan for Baghdad; subse-quently assigned as the executive offi-cer for 2nd Battalion 7th Cavalry Regi-ment and participated in its assault into Najaf, Iraq, August 2004, and Fallujah, Iraq, November 2004. In 2006– 2008, he served as the 3rd Heavy Bri-gade Combat Team, First Cavalry Divi-sion, deputy brigade commander with duty as the deputy team leader, Diyala Provincial Reconstruction Team, where he was the governance team leader and senior coalition adviser to the governor of Diyala, providing daily coaching, mentorship, and liaison to the provincial governor. In April 2008, Scott assumed com-mand of 1st Battalion 5th Cavalry Regiment and deployed his battalion in January 2009, assuming responsibility for coalition operations in the Baghdad districts of Adamiyah, Rusafa, and Taji. During this deployment, his bat-talion executed the coalition with-drawal from the cities and transition of responsibility to the Iraqi Security Forces. Following command, Scott was se-lected to be the assistant chief of staff, G3, Operations and Plans, for the First Cavalry Division and subsequently se-lected as an Army War College fellow at the MIT Lincoln Laboratory. While at Lincoln Laboratory, Scott focused his research on how technology enables the application of strategy, producing an original research project entitled, ‘‘An Operational Design Concept for Wide Area Persistent Biometric Sur-veillance.’’ Following the War College, Scott served as the 3rd Infantry Division, Rear chief of staff, while the head-quarters was deployed in support of Op-eration Enduring Freedom. He then went on to assume command of the 2nd Armored Brigade Combat Team, SPAR-TANS, at Fort Stewart, GA, from 2013 to 2015. Scott’s humble character rarely does justice to his accomplishments and ac-colades. However, he does speak very proudly of his wife, Valerie, and their sons, Benjamin and William. Military families are true testaments of both strength and pride. They are con-stantly challenged by deployments, changes in duty stations, and uncer-tainties. These hurdles create resil-iency that the Jackson family patrioti-cally embodies. Scott’s family are his pride and joy and will equally be missed by everyone they have inspired during their time here. While we will miss having Scott’s support and counsel here in the Senate, I know that he will be moving on to greater things. I want to again thank Scott and his family for their service to our great Nation and congratulate him for his selection to command the Army’s newest brigade at Fort Benning. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
30TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE L’AMBIANCE PLAZA COLLAPSE ∑Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, yesterday was Sunday, April 23. In Connecticut, April 23 is a solemn day. It is the day when we pause to re-member and reflect upon the lives lost and the lives forever altered by one of the worst workplace disasters in Con-necticut history, the collapse of the L’Ambiance Plaza construction site in Bridgeport. On almost every April 23, I have stood with laborers, families, officials, and others at the L’Ambiance memo-rial park to recognize the heart-breaking loss. It is a somber, sobering moment. On that day—30 years ago yester-day—workers were constructing a 16- story apartment building using a proc-ess known as the lift-slab method. This method allows floors to be built at the base of a building and then hoisted up, one by one, using hydraulic lifting technology. This process was at work at L’Ambiance Plaza when things went horribly wrong. Due to shortsighted-ness and failures by the building’s de-velopers, the massive concrete slabs that formed several upper floors gave way, crushing the floors below like pancakes, all within seconds. Twenty-eight workers lost their lives. Nearly 2 dozen others were seri-ously injured. Those who survived the collapse demonstrated tremendous bravery and unity in the days after-ward as a massive rescue and recovery operation ensued. The techniques de-ployed in that operation were later put to use at the World Trade Center on 9/ 11. In the aftermath of the tragedy, the lift-slab method of construction used in Bridgeport ended nationwide, thank-fully. Still, however, the pain and grief continues for the families who lost loved ones. Today, in recognition of this grave anniversary and in memory of the vic-tims, I enter into the RECORD their names: Michael Addona, Augustus Allman, Glenn Canning, Mario Colello, Francesco D’Addona, William Daddona, Donald Emanuel, Vincent Figliomeni, Herbert Goeldner, Jr., Terrance Gruber, John Hughes, Joseph Lowe, John Magnoli, Rocco Mancini, Richard McGill, Mario Musso, Nicholas Nardella, John Page, Guiseppe Paternostro, Angelantonio Perugini, John Puskar, Jr., Anthony Rinaldi, Al-bert Ritz, Michael Russillo, Reginald Siewert, William Varga, Frank Visconti, and Scott Ward. We must honor their lives—and the lives of many other American workers killed or injured in the workplace—by ensuring that employees are able to work at facilities that are safe and se-cure, free from needless dangers and hazards. We can achieve that realistic goal through strong regulations, mean-ingful oversight, and effective enforce-ment. On this day, I pledge to continue fighting for workers and workplace safety. I pledge to fight against efforts to roll back safety rules and against ef-forts to hamper agencies tasked with enforcing those rules. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:55 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.021 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2488 April 24, 2017 
I strongly urge and challenge my col-leagues and this administration to demonstrate their concern for their constituents and all American workers by publicly adopting this same pledge. We owe nothing less to the 28 victims of the L’Ambiance Plaza disaster. Thank you.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING INA BOON ∑Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, Missouri has lost a true crusader of the civil rights movement. Ina Boon passed away Monday, February 27, in St. Louis, at the age of 90 after dedicating her life to fighting and advocating for justice and equality through her long tenure at the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, NAACP. Ina Boon started as a volunteer for the St. Louis Branch of the NAACP. She quickly demonstrated her tenacity and strong leadership skills to work her way up in the organization. Ms. Boon’s work included a position at the NAACP headquarters in New York, but she is best known for the work she did as the region IV director of the na-tional NAACP office. In that role, she became the national office’s longest serving regional director. Over the years, she became a fearless advocate and organizer, helping to ad-dress racial inequities in the work-place. Even in the face of adversity, she was not deterred. When her counter-part Medgar Evers was killed in 1963, Ina Boon sent her children to live with family members in Wisconsin, while she continued to push for changes. For over 50 years, Ina Boon worked in var-ious roles for the NAACP, never ceas-ing and always full of energy, even up to her retirement in her late 70s. As a true civil servant, Ina Boon con-tinued to give back after her retire-ment through her work on many St. Louis area boards such as the Myrtle Hilliard Davis Comprehensive Health Center, the St. Louis Black Round-table, and the Eastern Star Missionary Baptist Church. She even provided her expertise to help the local St. Louis County NAACP, where she volunteered to serve as their branch president. Ina Boon is survived by her son Gen-try Trotter, founder of Heat-Up St. Louis/Cool Down St. Louis. Like his mother, Gentry Trotter saw the needs in the community and stepped up to address them. His organization focuses on regional energy assistance to help as a safety net to prevent low-income families, seniors, and people with dis-abilities from losing their heat or air- conditioning in times of freezing tem-peratures or the excessive summer heat. The organization also offers en-ergy: efficiency education and advo-cates for public engagement regarding utility rates, health, and safety issues. Ina Boon leaves behind nieces, neph-ews, grandchildren, and seven great- and great-great-grandchildren. She will be missed by many, but her work and efforts will never be forgotten. ∑ RECOGNIZING MOUNTAIN HOME AIR FORCE BASE AND THE 366TH FIGHTER WING ∑Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, my col-league Senator JIMRISCH joins me today in honoring Mountain Home Air Force Base both on its 75-year anniver-sary and the 366th Fighter Wing of Mountain Home Air Force Base on its 50-year anniversary of being recognized as the ‘‘Gunfighters.’’ According to historical accounts from Mountain Home Air Force Base, the 366th Fighter Wing’s roots trace back much further than 50 years, all the way to the activation of the 366th Fighter Group in 1943. The fighter group participated in action over France, ground support in the Nor-mandy invasion, air attacks near St. Lo, France, and attacks and reconnais-sance in the Battle of the Bulge. Fol-lowing World War II, the fighter group went through deactivations, reactiva-tions, redesignations, and base re-assignments before earning its nick-name, the ‘‘Gunfighters,’’ in the 1960s, for its weapons innovation and effec-tiveness in accomplishing its missions in Vietnam. The wing became re-nowned as the Gunfighters after it mounted Gatling gun pods on its air-craft wings to improve short-range ca-pabilities in battling enemy aircraft over Vietnam. The Gunfighters’ effec-tiveness was recognized with a Presi-dential unit citation. The tenacity and ingenuity at the heart of the wing and its earning its Gunfighters moniker is an attribute we celebrate today. While both the fighter wing and Mountain Home Air Force Base started taking shape in 1943, it was not until 1972 that the two combined when the then-366th Tactical Fighter Wing, later redesignated the 366th Fighter Wing, moved from Vietnam to its current lo-cation at Mountain Home Air Force Base. Mountain Home Air Force Base reports that the base first opened on August 7, 1943. The base has since been home to many of our Nation’s out-standing servicemembers, including the men and women of the 366th Fight-er Wing. From accommodating the training of crews for a variety of air-craft to supporting combat, covert, and special operations missions, the base has a long history of remarkable con-tributions to defending Americans and allies both at home and all around the world. As part of its more recent serv-ice, Mountain Home Air Force Base has provided personnel and equipment to support efforts in Iraq and Afghani-stan, as well as throughout Southwest Asia. The approximately 3,500 military and civilian members and 4,300 family members of the 366th Fighter Wing and Mountain Home Air Force Base have an extensive record of excellence. In 2015 and 2016, the 366th Fighter Wing received the Air Force Outstanding Unit Award, adding to a long list of ac-complishments of the men and women of Mountain Home Air Force Base. The families of the 366th Fighter Wing and Mountain Home Air Force Base rep-resent a lasting tradition of distinction in meeting our Nation’s call to service. As we celebrate the significant mile-stones of the Mountain Home Air Force Base and 366th Fighter Wing, we also honor the exceptional dedication inher-ent in those who serve and the families who support their service. Congratulations, Gunfighters and all those who support Mountain Home Air Force Base, on your decades of achieve-ments and extraordinary service. ∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING ELEANOR BYERS ∑Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, today I wish to celebrate the life of my aunt, Eleanor Atwater Byers, who passed away peacefully on March 20, 2017. Nunnie, as she was affectionately known, was born on November 30, 1927, in Fall River, MA, and grew up in Tiverton and Providence, RI. She grew up doing anything she could with water such as swimming, fishing, and sailing, as well as climbing trees, collecting arrowheads, and com-muning with the natural world on and around Nanaquaket Pond for the first 14 years of her life in Tiverton. At 12 years old, Nunnie took her first photo-graph with a Brownie camera of her best friend. At age 14, her family start-ed to summer in Little Compton, RI, and while her childhood pals continued to sail and swim, Nunnie photographed the Sakonnet landscape. She continued snapping pictures until age 22 and then never photographed again until 30 years later. After the loss of her fam-ily’s home to fire in 1940, Nunnie and her family moved to Providence, where she attended Lincoln School. After graduating from Lincoln School in 1945, Nunnie went to Bradford Junior College in Haverhill, MA. Soon after graduating from Bradford in 1947, Nunnie suffered a broken back from a skiing accident which required a year’s recovery, including many months in a full body cast. This injury would be a source of physical discomfort and limit her mobility for the rest of her life, but it would fail to squelch her mis-chievous and indomitable spirit. Ahead of her times and a true adven-turer, Nunnie joined the American Friends Field Service and participated in a mission trip to the village of Santiago Ixcuintla in Nayarit, Mexico. She taught in health clinics and schools to improve the quality of life for the native Huichol and Mexican women and children with whom she fell in love. Soon after her return from Mexico, she accepted the marriage pro-posal of Randolph Kunhardt Byers, Jr., of Milton, MA, and they were married in August of 1951. Randy’s enlistment in the Army took them to Lawton, OK. They then re-turned to Rhode Island where Nunnie gave birth to their first of four chil-dren, Elizabeth ‘‘Libby’’. In 1955, they moved to Wilton, CT, while also bring-ing son Bartlett ‘‘Bart’’ Cooke into the world. Two more daughters were to fol-low, Eleanor ‘‘Ellie’’ and Mary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.013 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2489 April 24, 2017 
Nunnie created extraordinary homes showcasing naturally found objects and her photography. She also loved crafting joyful holiday celebrations, in-cluding such things as greeting trick- or-treaters dressed as a witch with a memorable cackle and laugh from the roof of the garage. She adored her dachshunds, West Highland white ter-riers, and chocolate lab, giving them people names to assure them of their family status. Her days in Mexico inspired memo-rable travels with Randy to Guate-mala, Haiti, Mexico—again—Europe, and beyond, and she always had her camera at her side. She displayed her business acumen through leading a women’s investment group, played pad-dle tennis, skated, cross country skied, fished, and boated. In 1970, Nunnie moved to her dream home in Wilton, which was surrounded by acres and acres of woods and on a reservoir. There, she balanced time communing with birds and skating on black ice with completing her job raising and launching her four teenagers, a job she later acknowledged to be one of the most gratifying, albeit societally underrecognized, accomplishments of her life. Once done with child rearing, Nunnie turned her attention back to her pho-tographic artwork, and in 1980, she went back to school and studied pho-tography seriously for 5 years, includ-ing participating in workshops abroad. She dug out her old Brownie black-and- white vintage negatives and set about developing them herself, along with new images she took with her Leica camera, at a local community dark room. She also mounted and framed the prints and then displayed them at photography shows and exhibits for all to enjoy. She also created several se-ries of color postcards of her beloved Little Compton and sold them at the local general store. She experimented with images, wanting to show others what can be seen with the ‘‘naive eye’’ and produced a large volume of photo-graphic work until her eyesight started failing her in her 80s. Nunnie shared her gift, teaching others how to see and how to construct interesting and aes-thetically pleasing visuals. Nunnie was a force to be reckoned with, a fierce and passionate woman who felt and experienced life at a very deep level. Her sense of humor was full of wit, and time spent with her was al-ways memorable. She stood her ground, valued truth, and supported others in being their own selves. She was predeceased by her parents, Eleanor Bartlett and David Hay Atwater. She was the sister of the late David ‘‘Tiny’’ Hay Atwater, Jr., and Damaris ‘‘Dicie’’ Sayre Atwater. Liv-ing to carry on her memory are her husband of 65 years, Randy, and her children, Elizabeth ‘‘Libby’’ Moore and husband, Raoul, of Little Compton; Bartlett ‘‘Bart’’ Cooke Byers of Den-ver, CO; Eleanor ‘‘Ellie’’ Byers of Shelburne, VT; and Mary Truslow and her husband, Charles, of Milton. Living to carry on her legacy are her grand-children, Justin, Loren, Chas, Kelsey, Andrew, Will, and Graham. Living to carry on the Atwater legacy are her sister, Sally Anne ‘‘Sadie’’ Havens, and brother, Nathaniel ‘‘Nate’’ Bartlett Atwater, both of Little Compton. ∑ 
f 
JACKIE ROBINSON DAY AND THE TAMPA BAY RAYS ∑Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize an important civil rights anniversary in the annals of our Nation’s favorite pastime. Seventy years ago this month, Jackie Robinson started on first base for the Brooklyn Dodgers, becoming the first African American to play for a Major League Baseball team and marking the begin-ning of the end of racial segregation in baseball. That watershed moment came after a distinguished career in what were then known as the Negro Leagues, the coali-tion of teams for players of Color and whose retirees remain a vibrant part of the community in the Tampa Bay area of Florida. Jackie Robinson’s contributions to the sport of baseball and to our Nation are unparalleled. His accolades ranged from ‘‘Rookie of the Year’’ in 1947 and ‘‘Most Valuable Player’’ in 1949 to the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1984. In 2003, he was posthumously awarded the Congressional Gold Medal, the highest honor bestowed by Congress. His character and spirit have not ended with his passing, and his legacy remains a part of our communities, in-cluding the Tampa Bay area. Through the work of his wife, Rachel, and the Jackie Robinson Foundation, college- bound students have been provided with over $65 million in grants, schol-arships, and direct program support, resulting in a 98 percent graduation rate among recipients. Each of the stu-dents are mentored with consideration to the values espoused by Jackie Rob-inson himself—courage, determination, teamwork, persistence, integrity, citi-zenship, justice, excellence, and com-mitment. It is in honor of Jackie Robinson’s character and contributions that teams across Major League Baseball honor him every April 15, on Jackie Robinson Day. In particular, I am especially proud to recognize the Tampa Bay Rays’ work in its community to honor Jackie Robinson’s legacy. To mark this year’s anniversary, the Rays and their com-munity partners carried out service projects in Pinellas and Hillsborough Counties, in neighborhoods now home to men who, like Jackie Robinson, once played in the Negro Leagues. Along with updating a local baseball park and beautifying small businesses in the 16th Street Business Corridor, the Rays honored nine ‘‘unsung he-roes’’ in the Tampa Bay area who ex-emplify the aforementioned values Jackie Robinson held. The Rays’ leadership and commit-ment to community represent the best of American citizenship and public service, and I am honored to recognize the team’s work to uphold and live up to Jackie Robinson’s legacy. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO DALLAS HUMPHRIES ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Dallas Humphries, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Dallas is a graduate of Douglas Coun-ty High School in Castle Rock, CO. In August, he will graduate from the Uni-versity of South Dakota where he stud-ies political science and criminal jus-tice. Dallas is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to get-ting the most out of his internship ex-perience and who has been a true asset to the office. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Dallas for all of the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ROBERT TRAVIS WOOLEY ∑Mr. ROUNDS. Mr. President, today I recognize Robert Travis Wooley, an in-tern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Travis recently graduated from the University of Michigan, where he stud-ied political science and Portuguese. He is a dedicated and diligent worker who has been devoted to getting the most out of his internship experience and who has been a true asset to the of-fice. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Travis for all of the fine work he has done and wish him contin-ued success in the years to come. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DAVID CAPP ∑Mr. YOUNG. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the service of David Capp, who is retiring from the U.S. De-partment of Justice after 31 years of service. Let the record reflect how proud I am of Mr. Capp’s service to fel-low Hoosiers and our country. After graduating from Valparaiso University School of Law in 1977, Mr. Capp served in the private sector for 8 years prior to joining the U.S. Attor-ney’s Office in 1985. During his tenure, Mr. Capp served as interim U.S. attor-ney, as well as first assistant. On April 28, 2010, Mr. Capp was sworn in by Chief Judge Philip Simon as the U.S. Attor-ney for the Northern District of Indi-ana and has been serving in that capac-ity ever since. Mr. Capp has undoubtedly left this office and community a better place. Mr. Capp’s tireless commitment to his work helped alleviate gang-related vio-lence and drug-related offenses. In ad-dition, Mr. Capp’s dedication to ending 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.016 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2490 April 24, 2017 
public corruption serves as an example for current and future district attor-neys in Indiana. Mr. Capp, on behalf of all Hoosiers, thank you again, for your service to our State and country.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:03 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that pursuant to section 301 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1381), as amended, and section 1(b) of Public Law 115–19, the Speaker and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives and the Majority and Minority Leaders of the United States Senate jointly reappoint the following individuals on April 7, 2017, to the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance: Ms. Barbara Childs Wallace of Ridgeland, Mis-sissippi, Chair, for a term of four years, Mr. Alan V. Friedman of Los Angeles, California, for a term of three years, and Ms. Susan S. Robfogel of Roch-ester, New York, for a term of four years. The message also announced that pursuant to 44 U.S.C. 2702, the Clerk re-appoints the following individual on the part of the House of Representa-tives to the Advisory Committee on the Records of Congress: Dr. Sharon Leon of Fairfax, Virginia. 
f 
ENROLLED BILL AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on April 7, 2017, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill and joint resolutions: 
S. 544. An act to amend the Veterans Ac-cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to modify the termination date for the Vet-erans Choice Program, and for other pur-poses. S.J. Res. 30. Joint resolution providing for the reappointment of Steve Case as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smith-sonian Institution. S.J. Res. 35. Joint resolution providing for the appointment of Michael Govan as a cit-izen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. S.J. Res. 36. Joint resolution providing for the appointment of Roger W. Ferguson as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. f REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: S. 188. A bill to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Gov-ernment (Rept. No. 115–28). S. 500. A bill to amend the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Sec-retary of Homeland Security for Health Af-fairs responsible for coordinating the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security re-lated to food, agriculture, and veterinary de-fense against terrorism, and for other pur-poses (Rept. No. 115–29). S. 576. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend certain protections against prohibited personnel practices, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–30). H.R. 274. A bill to provide for reimburse-ment for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Gov-ernment business, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–31). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with amendments: H.R. 366. A bill to amend the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 to direct the Under Sec-retary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain im-provements in managing the Department’s vehicle fleet, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–32). By Mr. RISCH, from the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Special Report entitled ‘‘Summary of Leg-islative and Oversight Activities During the 114th Congress’’ (Rept. No. 115–33). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. L EAHY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , and Ms. H ASSAN ): S. 912. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to establish a free on-line tax preparation and filing service and pro-grams that allow taxpayers to access third- party provided tax return information; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. KING (for himself, Ms. C
OLLINS , and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 913. A bill to amend the Older Americans Act of 1965 to establish an initiative, carried out by the Assistant Secretary for Aging, to coordinate Federal efforts and programs for home modifications enabling older individ-uals to live independently and safely in a home environment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ): S. 914. A bill to improve and coordinate interagency Federal actions and provide as-sistance to States for responding to public health challenges posed by emerging con-taminants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Ms. COL-
LINS, Ms. M URKOWSKI , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. H
ELLER , and Mrs. M CCASKILL ): S. 915. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to repeal the Government pen-sion offset and windfall elimination provi-sions; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. CASSIDY (for himself, Mr. B
EN-
NET, Mr. B LUNT , and Mr. F RANKEN ): S. 916. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act with regard to the provision of emergency medical services; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ): S. 917. A bill to amend title 36, United States Code, to designate May 1 as ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Mr. I
SAKSON , Mr. L EE, Mr. B ARRASSO , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , and Mr. D AINES ): S. 918. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide for automatic con-tinuing resolutions; to the Committee on Ap-propriations. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ): S. 919. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to postpone the effective date of high-impact rules pending judicial review; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. By Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Ms. C
OLLINS ): S. 920. A bill to establish a National Clin-ical Care Commission; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MORAN (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS ): S. 921. A bill to require the Secretary of Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the 100 year anniversary of the 1st Infantry Division; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. DURBIN: S. 922. A bill to establish the Climate Change Advisory Commission to develop rec-ommendations, frameworks, and guidelines for projects to respond to the impacts of cli-mate change, to issue Federal obligations, the proceeds of which shall be used to fund projects that aid in adaptation to climate change, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. KENNEDY: S. 923. A bill to exempt certain financial institutions from regulations issued under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. R EED, Mr. C OONS , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. B OOKER , and Mr. S
CHATZ ): S. 924. A bill to improve diversity and in-clusion in the workforce of national security agencies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ): S. Res. 135. A resolution expressing support for the designation of May 1, 2017, as ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G24AP6.022 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2491 April 24, 2017 
By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. U DALL ): S. Res. 136. A resolution expressing the sense of the Senate regarding the 102nd anni-versary of the Armenian Genocide; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. N
EL-
SON, Mrs. F ISCHER , and Mr. B OOKER ): S. Res. 137. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Safe Digging Month; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 29 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 29, a bill to permit dis-abled law enforcement officers, cus-toms and border protection officers, firefighters, air traffic controllers, nu-clear materials couriers, members of the Capitol Police, members of the Su-preme Court Police, employees of the Central Intelligence Agency per-forming intelligence activities abroad or having specialized security require-ments, and diplomatic security special agents of the Department of State to receive retirement benefits in the same manner as if they had not been dis-abled. 
S. 66 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 66, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit certain retired members of the uniformed serv-ices who have a service-connected dis-ability to receive both disability com-pensation from the Department of Vet-erans Affairs for their disability and ei-ther retired pay by reason of their years of military service or Combat- Related Special Compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 103 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) was added as a cosponsor of S. 103, a bill to nullify certain regulations and notices of the Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, and for other purposes. 
S. 109 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 109, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare pro-gram of pharmacist services. 
S. 170 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) and the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 170, a bill to provide for nonpreemption of measures by State and local governments to divest from entities that engage in commerce-re-lated or investment-related boycott, divestment, or sanctions activities tar-geting Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 188 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. TESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 188, a bill to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Government. 
S. 205 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 205, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the estate and generation-skipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes. 
S. 206 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 206, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to allow the Secretary of Education to award job training Federal Pell Grants. 
S. 208 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OL-
LINS) was added as a cosponsor of S. 208, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make the Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit fully refundable, and for other purposes. 
S. 236 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ), the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Sen-ator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 236, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform taxation of alco-holic beverages. 
S. 264 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 264, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow char-itable organizations to make state-ments relating to political campaigns if such statements are made in ordi-nary course of carrying out its tax ex-empt purpose. 
S. 272 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 272, a bill to enhance the secu-rity operations of the Transportation Security Administration and the sta-bility of the transportation security workforce by applying a unified per-sonnel system under title 5, United States Code, to employees of the Transportation Security Administra-tion who are responsible for screening passengers and property, and for other purposes. 
S. 283 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 283, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the treat-ment of veterans who participated in the cleanup of Enewetak Atoll as radi-ation exposed veterans for purposes of the presumption of service-connection of certain disabilities by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. S. 319 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 319, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to establish within the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs a center of ex-cellence in the prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilita-tion of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits. 
S. 322 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 322, a bill to protect victims of domes-tic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. At the request of Mr. P
ETERS , the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Mr. F
RANKEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 322, supra. 
S. 324 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ), the Senator from Wash-ington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 324, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans. At the request of Mr. H
ATCH , the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 324, supra. 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added as cosponsors of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for re-duction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ de-pendency and indemnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 367 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 367, a bill to amend section 3606 of title 18, United States Code, to grant proba-tion officers authority to arrest hostile third parties who obstruct or impede a probation officer in the performance of official duties. 
S. 372 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 372, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that merchandise 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.008 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2492 April 24, 2017 
arriving through the mail shall be sub-ject to review by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and to require the provision of advance electronic infor-mation on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Protection and for other purposes. 
S. 374 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR) were added as co-sponsors of S. 374, a bill to enable con-crete masonry products manufacturers to establish, finance, and carry out a coordinated program of research, edu-cation, and promotion to improve, maintain, and develop markets for con-crete masonry products. 
S. 379 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 379, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to eliminate the five month waiting period for dis-ability insurance benefits under such title for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. 
S. 382 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 382, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer inci-dence among firefighters. 
S. 384 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 384, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the new markets tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 407 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. U
DALL ) and the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) were added as cosponsors of S. 407, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 423 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 423, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the maximum age for children eligible for medical care under the CHAMPVA pro-gram, and for other purposes. 
S. 455 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 455, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count resident time spent in a critical access hospital as resident time spent in a nonprovider setting for purposes of making Medicare direct and indirect graduate medical education payments. S. 459 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 459, a bill to designate the area between the intersections of Wisconsin Avenue, Northwest and Davis Street, Northwest and Wisconsin Avenue, Northwest and Edmunds Street, North-west in Washington, District of Colum-bia, as ‘‘Boris Nemtsov Plaza’’, and for other purposes. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) were added as cosponsors of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, regardless of whether therapeutic intervention is required during the screening. 
S. 482 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 482, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to treat cer-tain amounts paid for physical activ-ity, fitness, and exercise as amounts paid for medical care. 
S. 493 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. B
URR), the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) and the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 493, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes. 
S. 512 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 512, a bill to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy. 
S. 538 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
HELBY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 538, a bill to clarify research and development for wood products, and for other purposes. 
S. 540 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. C
ORKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 540, a bill to limit the authority of States to tax certain income of em-ployees for employment duties per-formed in other States. 
S. 546 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
ENNET ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 546, a bill to reduce temporarily the royalty required to be paid for so-dium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes. S. 553 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 553, a bill to provide that chapter 1 of title 9 of the United States Code, relating to the enforcement of arbitration agreements, shall not apply to enrollment agreements made be-tween students and certain institutions of higher education, and to prohibit limitations on the ability of students to pursue claims against certain insti-tutions of higher education. 
S. 568 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) and the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 568, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to count a period of receipt of out-patient observation services in a hos-pital toward satisfying the 3-day inpa-tient hospital requirement for coverage of skilled nursing facility services under Medicare. 
S. 573 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 573, a bill to establish the National Criminal Justice Commission. 
S. 591 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 591, a bill to expand eligibility for the program of comprehensive as-sistance for family caregivers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to ex-pand benefits available to participants under such program, to enhance special compensation for members of the uni-formed services who require assistance in everyday life, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 601 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 601, a bill to ensure that significantly more students graduate college with the international knowl-edge and experience essential for suc-cess in today’s global economy through the establishment of the Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Program in the Department of Education. 
S. 602 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED) was added as a cosponsor of S. 602, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include auto-mated fire sprinkler system retrofits as section 179 property and classify cer-tain automated fire sprinkler system retrofits as 15-year property for pur-poses of depreciation. 
S. 628 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from New York 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.009 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2493 April 24, 2017 
(Mrs. G ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 628, a bill to amend the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 to raise the qual-ity of career and technical education programs and to allow local eligible re-cipients to use funding to establish high-quality career academies. 
S. 632 
At the request of Mr. C OONS , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
ARPER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 632, a bill to amend title 28 of the United States Code to authorize the ap-pointment of additional bankruptcy judges; and for other purposes. 
S. 636 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 636, a bill to allow Americans to earn paid sick time so that they can address their own health needs and the health needs of their families. 
S. 652 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 652, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard-of- hearing newborns, infants, and young children. At the request of Mr. K
AINE, the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 652, supra. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the benefits and services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs to women veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 682 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 682, a bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to provide for the purchase of paper United States savings bonds with tax refunds. 
S. 708 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 708, a bill to improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to interdict fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances that are illegally imported into the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 712 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 712, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relating to appeals of decisions regarding claims for bene-fits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. S. 720 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) and the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 720, a bill to amend the Export Administration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boycotts fostered by international governmental organizations against Israel and to di-rect the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. C
ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 720, supra. 
S. 751 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 751, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restoration Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the Na-tional Park Service, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 766 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as cosponsors of S. 766, a bill to amend titles 10 and 32, United States Code, to improve and en-hance authorities relating to the em-ployment, use, status, and benefits of military technicians (dual status), and for other purposes. 
S. 794 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 794, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act in order to im-prove the process whereby Medicare ad-ministrative contractors issue local coverage determinations under the Medicare program, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 796 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 796, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the exclusion for employer-provided education assistance to employer pay-ments of student loans. 
S. 806 
At the request of Mr. S ANDERS , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 806, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act to ensure College for All. S. 830 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 830, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coordination of pro-grams to prevent and treat obesity, and for other purposes. 
S. 833 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 833, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand health care and benefits from the Department of Vet-erans Affairs for military sexual trau-ma, and for other purposes. 
S. 836 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 836, a bill to amend the Federal Credit Union Act to exclude a loan secured by a non-owner occupied 1- to 4-family dwelling from the defini-tion of a member business loan, and for other purposes. 
S. 856 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the names of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) and the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 856, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 and the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act to combat campus sexual assault, and for other purposes. 
S. 861 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 861, a bill to provide for the compensation of Federal employees affected by lapses in appropriations. 
S. 881 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 881, a bill to reduce risks to the financial system by limiting banks’ ability to engage in certain risky ac-tivities and limiting conflicts of inter-est, to reinstate certain Glass-Steagall Act protections that were repealed by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and for other purposes. 
S. 882 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 882, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the entitlement to educational assistance under the Post-9/11 Educational Assist-ance Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs for members of the Armed Forces awarded the Purple Heart, and for other purposes. 
S. 897 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.011 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2494 April 24, 2017 
897, a bill to protect civilians from cluster munitions, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 898 
At the request of Ms. K LOBUCHAR , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 898, a bill to provide incentives to phy-sicians to practice in rural and medi-cally underserved communities, and for other purposes. 
S. 900 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the names of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 900, a bill to improve the Federal Pell Grant program, and for other purposes. 
S. 905 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE), the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ), the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ), the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ), the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ), the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ), the Sen-ator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
AR-
KEY), the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Colo-rado (Mr. B
ENNET ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 905, a bill to require a report on, and to authorize technical assistance for, accountability for war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria, and for other pur-poses. 
S.J. RES. 8 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S.J. Res. 8, a joint resolu-tion proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States re-lating to contributions and expendi-tures intended to affect elections. 
S. CON. RES. 6 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Con. Res. 6, a concurrent resolution supporting the Local Radio Freedom Act. 
S. CON. RES. 12 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
ASEY ), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) and the Senator from Flor-ida (Mr. N
ELSON ) were added as cospon-sors of S. Con. Res. 12, a concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Con-gress that those who served in the bays, harbors, and territorial seas of the Republic of Vietnam during the pe-riod beginning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975, should be pre-sumed to have served in the Republic of Vietnam for all purposes under the Agent Orange Act of 1991. S. RES. 75 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 75, a resolution recognizing the 100th anniversary of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietet-ics, the largest organization of food and nutrition professionals in the world. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. DURBIN: S. 922. A bill to establish the Climate Change Advisory Commission to de-velop recommendations, frameworks, and guidelines for projects to respond to the impacts of climate change, to issue Federal obligations, the proceeds of which shall be used to fund projects that aid in adaptation to climate change, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 922 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Climate Change Adapt America Fund Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .— Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. TITLE I—CLIMATE CHANGE ADVISORY COMMISSION Sec. 101. Establishment of Climate Change Advisory Commission. Sec. 102. Duties. Sec. 103. Commission personnel matters. Sec. 104. Funding. Sec. 105. Termination. TITLE II—ADAPT AMERICA FUND Sec. 201. Adapt America Fund. Sec. 202. Compliance with Davis-Bacon Act. Sec. 203. Funding. TITLE III—REVENUE Sec. 301. Climate Change Obligations. Sec. 302. Promotion. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
Except as otherwise provided, in this Act: (1) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Climate Change Advisory Com-mission established by section 101(a). (2) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the Adapt America Fund established by section 201(a)(1). (3) Q
UALIFIED CLIMATE CHANGE ADAPTATION  
PURPOSE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘qualified cli-mate change adaptation purpose’’ means an objective with a demonstrated intent to re-duce the economic, social, and environ-mental impact of the adverse effects of cli-mate change. (B) I
NCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘qualified cli-mate change adaptation purpose’’ includes— (i) infrastructure resiliency and mitiga-tion; (ii) improved disaster response; and (iii) ecosystem protection. (4) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. TITLE I—CLIMATE CHANGE ADVISORY COMMISSION 
SEC. 101. ESTABLISHMENT OF CLIMATE CHANGE ADVISORY COMMISSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is established a commission to be known as the ‘‘Climate Change Advisory Commission’’. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Commission shall be composed of 11 members— (1) who shall be selected from the public and private sectors and institutions of high-er education; and (2) of whom— (A) 3 shall be appointed by the President, in consultation with the Interagency Cli-mate Change Adaptation Task Force; (B) 2 shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives; (C) 2 shall be appointed by the minority leader of the House of Representatives; (D) 2 shall be appointed by the majority leader of the Senate; and (E) 2 shall be appointed by the minority leader of the Senate. (c) T
ERMS .—Each member of the Commis-sion shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. (d) I
NITIAL APPOINTMENTS .—Each member of the Commission shall be appointed not later than 90 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. (e) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy on the Commis-sion— (1) shall not affect the powers of the Com-mission; and (2) shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. (f) I
NITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which all members of the Commission have been appointed, the Commission shall hold the initial meeting of the Commission. (g) M
EETINGS .—The Commission shall meet at the call of the Chairperson. (h) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number of members may hold hearings. (i) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICECHAIRPERSON .— The Commission shall select a Chairperson and Vice Chairperson from among the mem-bers of the Commission. 
SEC. 102. DUTIES. 
The Commission shall— (1) establish recommendations, frame-works, and guidelines for a Federal invest-ment program funded by revenue from cli-mate change obligations issued under section 301 for States, municipalities, and other pub-lic entities, including utility districts, tran-sit authorities, and multistate regulatory bodies that— (A) improves and adapts energy, transpor-tation, water, and general infrastructure im-pacted or expected to be impacted due to cli-mate variability; and (B) integrates best available science, data, standards, models, and trends that improve the resiliency of infrastructure systems de-scribed in subparagraph (A); and (2) identify categories of the most cost-ef-fective investments and projects that em-phasize multiple benefits to commerce, human health, and ecosystems. 
SEC. 103. COMMISSION PERSONNEL MATTERS. 
(a) C OMPENSATION OF MEMBERS .— (1) N
ON-FEDERAL EMPLOYEES .—A member of the Commission who is not an officer or em-ployee of the Federal Government shall be compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.011 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2495 April 24, 2017 
States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which the member is engaged in the performance of the duties of the Com-mission. (2) F
EDERAL EMPLOYEES .—A member of the Commission who is an officer or employee of the Federal Government shall serve without compensation in addition to the compensa-tion received for the services of the member as an officer or employee of the Federal Gov-ernment. (b) T
RAVEL EXPENSES .—A member of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for an employee of an agen-cy under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from the home or regular place of business of the member in the performance of the duties of the Commission. (c) S
TAFF .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chairperson of the Commission may, without regard to the civil service laws (including regulations), appoint and terminate such personnel as are nec-essary to enable the Commission to perform the duties of the Commission. (2) C
OMPENSATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Chairperson of the Commission may fix the compensation of personnel without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, relating to clas-sification of positions and General Schedule pay rates. (B) M
AXIMUM RATE OF PAY .—The rate of pay for personnel shall not exceed the rate payable for level V of the Executive Sched-ule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. 
SEC. 104. FUNDING. 
The Commission shall use amounts in the Fund to pay for all administrative expenses of the Commission. 
SEC. 105. TERMINATION. 
The Commission shall terminate on such date as the Commission determines after the Commission carries out the duties of the Commission under section 102. TITLE II—ADAPT AMERICA FUND 
SEC. 201. ADAPT AMERICA FUND. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established with-in the Department of Commerce the ‘‘Adapt America Fund’’. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITY OF SECRETARY .—The Secretary shall take such action as the Sec-retary determines to be necessary to assist in implementing the establishment of the Fund in accordance with this Act. (b) C
LIMATE CHANGE ADAPTATION  P
ROJECTS .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Commission, shall carry out a pro-gram to provide funds to eligible applicants to carry out projects for a qualified climate change adaptation purpose. (c) E
LIGIBLE ENTITIES .—An entity eligible to participate in the program under sub-section (b) shall include— (1) a Federal agency; (2) a State or a group of States; (3) a unit of local government or a group of local governments; (4) a utility district; (5) a tribal government or a consortium of tribal governments; (6) a State or regional transit agency or a group of State or regional transit agencies; (7) a nonprofit organization; (8) a special purpose district or public au-thority, including a port authority; and (9) any other entity, as determined by the Secretary. (d) A
PPLICATION .—An eligible entity shall submit to the Secretary an application for a project for a qualified climate change adap-tation purpose at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary may require, including data relating to any benefits, such as economic impact or improvements to public health, that the project is expected to provide. (e) SELECTION .—The Secretary shall select projects from eligible entities to receive funds under this section based on criteria and guidelines determined and published by the Commission. (f) N
ON-FEDERAL FUNDING REQUIREMENT .— In order to receive funds under this section, an eligible entity shall provide funds for the project in an amount that is equal to not less than 25 percent of the amount of funds provided under this section. (g) M
AINTENANCE OF EFFORT .—All amounts deposited in the Fund in accordance with section 301(a) shall be used only to fund new projects in accordance with this Act. (h) A
PPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL LAW.—Noth- ing in this Act waives the requirements of any Federal law (including regulations) that would otherwise apply to a qualified climate change project that receives funds under this section. 
SEC. 202. COMPLIANCE WITH DAVIS-BACON ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—All laborers and mechan-ics employed by contractors and subcontrac-tors on projects funded directly by or as-sisted in whole or in part by and through the Fund pursuant to this title shall be paid wages at rates not less than those prevailing on projects of a character similar in the lo-cality as determined by the Secretary of Labor in accordance with subchapter IV of chapter 31 of part A of title 40, United States Code. (b) L
ABOR STANDARDS .—With respect to the labor standards specified in this section, the Secretary of Labor shall have the authority and functions set forth in Reorganization Plan Numbered 14 of 1950 (64 Stat. 1267; 5 U.S.C. App.) and section 3145 of title 40, United States Code. 
SEC. 203. FUNDING. 
The Secretary shall use funds made avail-able to the Secretary and not otherwise obli-gated to carry out the program under section 201(b). TITLE III—REVENUE 
SEC. 301. CLIMATE CHANGE OBLIGATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury or the Sec-retary’s delegate (referred to in this title as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall issue obligations under chapter 31 of title 31, United States Code (referred to in this title as ‘‘climate change obligations’’), the proceeds from which shall be deposited in the Fund. (b) F
ULL FAITH AND CREDIT .—Payment of interest and principal with respect to any climate change obligation issued under this section shall be made from the general fund of the Treasury of the United States and shall be backed by the full faith and credit of the United States. (c) E
XEMPTION FROM LOCAL TAXATION .—All climate change obligations issued by the Secretary, and the interest on or credits with respect to such obligations, shall not be subject to taxation by any State, county, municipality, or local taxing authority. (d) A
MOUNT OF CLIMATE CHANGE OBLIGA -
TIONS .—The aggregate face amount of the climate change obligations issued annually under this section shall be $200,000,000. (e) F
UNDING .—The Secretary shall use funds made available to the Secretary and not otherwise obligated to carry out the pur-poses of this section. 
SEC. 302. PROMOTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-mote the purchase of climate change obliga-tions through such means as are determined appropriate by the Secretary, with the amount expended for such promotion not to exceed $10,000,000 for any fiscal year during the period of fiscal years 2018 through 2022. (b) DONATED ADVERTISING .—In addition to any advertising paid for with funds made available under subsection (c), the Secretary shall solicit and may accept the donation of advertising relating to the sale of climate change obligations. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— For each fiscal year during the period of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022, there is author-ized to be appropriated $10,000,000 to carry out the purposes of this section. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 135—EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR THE DESIGNATION OF MAY 1, 2017, AS ‘‘SILVER STAR SERVICE BANNER DAY’’ Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services: 
S. R ES. 135 Whereas the Senate has always honored the sacrifices made by the wounded and ill members of the Armed Forces; Whereas the Silver Star Service Banner has come to represent the members of the Armed Forces and veterans who were wound-ed or became ill in combat in the wars fought by the United States; Whereas the Silver Star Families of Amer-ica was formed to help the people of the United States remember the sacrifices made by the wounded and ill members of the Armed Forces by designing and manufac-turing Silver Star Service Banners and Sil-ver Star Flags for that purpose; Whereas the sole mission of the Silver Star Families of America is to evoke memories of the sacrifices made by members of the Armed Forces and veterans on behalf of the United States through the presence of a Sil-ver Star Service Banner in a window or a Sil-ver Star Flag flying; Whereas the sacrifices made by members of the Armed Forces and veterans on behalf of the United States should never be forgotten; and Whereas May 1, 2017, is an appropriate date to designate as ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the designation of May 1, 2017, as ‘‘Silver Star Service Banner Day’’; and (2) calls upon the people of the United States to observe Silver Star Service Banner Day with appropriate programs, ceremonies, and activities. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 136—EX-PRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE REGARDING THE 102ND ANNIVERSARY OF THE ARME-NIAN GENOCIDE Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. M ARKEY , and Mr. U DALL ) submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 136 Whereas the Armenian Genocide was con-ceived and carried out by the Ottoman Em-pire from 1915 to 1923, resulting in the depor-tation of nearly 2,000,000 Armenians, of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.013 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2496 April 24, 2017 
whom 1,500,000 men, women, and children were killed and 500,000 survivors were ex-pelled from their homes, and the elimination of the over 2,500-year presence of Armenians in their historic homeland; Whereas, on May 24, 1915, the Allied Powers of England, France, and Russia jointly issued a statement explicitly charging for the first time ever another government of commit-ting crimes ‘‘against humanity and civiliza-tion’’; Whereas Raphael Lemkin, who coined the term ‘‘genocide’’, and whose draft resolution for a genocide convention treaty became the framework for the United Nations Conven-tion on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, recognized the Arme-nian Genocide as the type of crime the United Nations should prevent and punish through the setting of international stand-ards; Whereas Senate Concurrent Resolution 12, 64th Congress, agreed to February 9, 1916, re-solved that ‘‘the President of the United States be respectfully asked to designate a day on which the citizens of this country may give expression to their sympathy by contributing funds now being raised for the relief of the Armenians,’’ who at the time were enduring ‘‘starvation, disease, and un-told suffering’’; Whereas Senate Resolution 359, 66th Con-gress, agreed to May 11, 1920, stated that ‘‘the testimony adduced at the hearings con-ducted by the subcommittee of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations have clear-ly established the truth of the reported mas-sacres and other atrocities from which the Armenian people have suffered’’; Whereas House Joint Resolution 148, 94th Congress, agreed to April 8, 1975, resolved, ‘‘That April 24, 1975, is hereby designated as ‘National Day of Remembrance of Man’s In-humanity to Man’, and the President of the United States is authorized and requested to issue a proclamation calling upon the people of the United States to observe such day as a day of remembrance for all the victims of genocide, especially those of Armenian an-cestry . . .’’; Whereas House Joint Resolution 247, 98th Congress, agreed to September 10, 1984, re-solved, ‘‘That April 24, 1985, is hereby des-ignated as ‘National Day of Remembrance of Man’s Inhumanity to Man’, and the Presi-dent of the United States is authorized and requested to issue a proclamation calling upon the people of the United States to ob-serve such day as a day of remembrance for all the victims of genocide, especially the one and one-half million people of Armenian ancestry . . .’’; Whereas, on April 11, 2014, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate reported favorably Senate Resolution 410, 113th Con-gress, expressing the sense of the Senate re-garding the anniversary of the Armenian Genocide, and calling on the President to ‘‘ensure that the foreign policy of the United States reflects appropriate understanding and sensitivity concerning issues related to human rights crimes against humanity, eth-nic cleansing, and genocide documented in the United States record relating to the Ar-menian Genocide’’; Whereas, on April 12, 2015, Pope Francis de-scribed the atrocities perpetrated by the Ottoman Turks against the Armenians as the first genocide of the 20th century; Whereas the United States Holocaust Me-morial Council, an independent Federal agency, unanimously resolved on April 30, 1981, that the United States Holocaust Me-morial Museum would document the Arme-nian Genocide in the Museum, and has done so through a public examination of the his-toric record, including lectures and the maintenance of books, records, and photo-graphs about the Genocide; Whereas the Government of the Republic of Turkey has continued its international campaign of Armenian Genocide denial, maintained a blockade of Armenia, and con-tinues to pressure the small but growing Turkish civil society movement for acknowl-edging the Armenian Genocide; Whereas, in April 2011, the month of re-membrance of the Armenian Genocide, the Government of the Republic of Turkey de-molished a 100-foot-high statue in the city of Kars which was erected to promote reconcili-ation with Armenia; Whereas, on April 22, 2016, on the occasion of Armenian Remembrance Day, President Barack Obama referred to the events of April 1915 as ‘‘the first mass atrocity of the 20th Century’’ and further called for ‘‘a full, frank, and just acknowledgment of the facts’’; Whereas the German Bundestag in June 2016, and Danish Parliament, in January 2017, passed Armenian genocide resolutions, thereby joining a growing list of legislatures from a wide number of countries who recog-nize the Armenian genocide as such; Whereas the denial of the Armenian Geno-cide by the Government of the Republic of Turkey has prevented the meaningful ad-vancement of a constructive political, eco-nomic, and security relationship between Ar-menia and Turkey; and Whereas the teaching, recognition, and commemoration of acts of genocide and other crimes against humanity is essential to preventing the reoccurrence of similar atrocities: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the Sen-ate— (1) to remember and commemorate the 102th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide on April 24, 2017; (2) that the President should work toward an equitable, constructive, stable, and dura-ble Armenian-Turkish relationship that in-cludes the full acknowledgment by the Gov-ernment of the Republic of Turkey of the facts about the Armenian Genocide; and (3) that the President should ensure that the foreign policy of the United States re-flects appropriate understanding and sensi-tivity concerning issues related to human rights, crimes against humanity, ethnic cleansing, and genocide documented in the United States record relating to the Arme-nian Genocide. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 137—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL SAFE DIGGING MONTH Mr. THUNE (for himself, Mr. N
ELSON , Mrs. F
ISCHER , and Mr. B OOKER ) sub-mitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation: 
S. R ES. 137 Whereas each year, the underground util-ity infrastructure of the United States, in-cluding pipelines, electric, gas, tele-communications, water, sewer, and cable tel-evision lines, is jeopardized by unintentional damage caused by those who fail to have un-derground lines located prior to digging; Whereas some utility lines are buried only a few inches underground, making the lines easy to strike, even during shallow digging projects; Whereas digging prior to locating under-ground utility lines often results in unin-tended consequences, such as service inter-ruption, environmental damage, personal in-jury, and even death; Whereas the month of April marks the be-ginning of the peak period during which ex-cavation projects are carried out around the United States; Whereas in 2002, Congress required the De-partment of Transportation and the Federal Communications Commission to establish a 3-digit, nationwide, toll-free number to be used by State ‘‘One Call’’ systems to provide information on underground utility lines; Whereas in 2005, the Federal Communica-tions Commission designated ‘‘811’’ as the nationwide ‘‘One Call’’ number for home-owners and excavators to use to obtain infor-mation on underground utility lines before conducting excavation activities; Whereas ‘‘One Call’’ has helped reduce the number of digging damages caused by failure to call before digging from 48 percent in 2004 to 26 percent in 2013; Whereas the 1,700 members of the Common Ground Alliance, who are dedicated to ensur-ing public safety, environmental protection, and the integrity of services, promote the national ‘‘Call Before You Dig’’ campaign to increase public awareness about the impor-tance of homeowners and excavators calling 811 to find out the exact location of under-ground lines; Whereas the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 (Pub-lic Law 112–90; 125 Stat. 1904) affirmed and expanded the ‘‘One Call’’ program by elimi-nating exemptions given to local and State government agencies and their contractors regarding notifying ‘‘One Call’’ centers be-fore digging; and Whereas the Common Ground Alliance has designated April as ‘‘National Safe Digging Month’’ to increase awareness of safe digging practices across the United States and to celebrate the anniversary of 811, the national ‘‘Call Before You Dig’’ number: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the goals and ideals of Na-tional Safe Digging Month; and (2) encourages all homeowners and exca-vators throughout the United States to call 811 before digging. f NOTICE: REGISTRATION OF MASS MAILING The filing date for the 2017 first quar-ter Mass Mailing report is Tuesday, April 25, 2017. An electronic option is available on Webster that will allow forms to be submitted via a fillable pdf document. If your office did no mass mailings dur-ing this period, please submit a form that states ‘‘none.’’ Mass mailing registrations or nega-tive reports can be submitted elec-tronically or delivered to the Senate Office of Public Records, 232 Hart Building, Washington, DC, 20510–7116. The Senate Office of Public Records is open from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. For further information, please contact the Senate Office of Public Records at (202) 224–0322. 
f 
APPOINTMENTS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand appointments were made during the adjournment of the Senate, and I ask they be stated for the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the majority and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:29 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.014 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2497 April 24, 2017 
Democratic leaders of the Senate and the Speaker and minority leader of the House of Representatives, pursuant to Section 301 of Public Law 104–1, as amended by Public Law 108–349, Public Law 114–6, and as further amended by Public Law 115–19, announces the joint reappointment of the following individ-uals as members of the Board of Direc-tors of the Office of Compliance: Bar-bara Childs Wallace of Mississippi, Alan V. Friedman of California, Susan S. Robfogel of New York, Barbara L. Camens of the District of Columbia, and Roberta L. Holzwarth of Illinois. 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until Tuesday, April 25; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; fur-ther, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume executive session to consider the nomination of Rod Rosen-stein, with the time until 12:30 p.m. equally divided in the usual form; fur-ther, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meetings; finally, that all time during adjournment, re-cess, morning business, and leader re-marks count postcloture on the Rosen-stein nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:53 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, April 25, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
ELAINE MCCUSKER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A PRINCIPAL DEPUTY UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE JOHN CONGER. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
ADAM LERRICK, OF WYOMING, TO BE A DEPUTY UNDER SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY, VICE RAMIN TOLOUI. BRENT JAMES MCINTOSH, OF MICHIGAN, TO BE GEN-ERAL COUNSEL FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF THE TREAS-URY, VICE CHRISTOPHER J. MEADE, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
DAVID JAMES GLAWE, OF IOWA, TO BE UNDER SEC-RETARY FOR INTELLIGENCE AND ANALYSIS, DEPART-MENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY, VICE FRANCIS XAVIER TAYLOR. 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
VISHAL J. AMIN, OF MICHIGAN, TO BE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY ENFORCEMENT COORDINATOR, EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT, VICE DANIEL HENRY MARTI. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
NOEL J. FRANCISCO, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE SOLICITOR GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES, VICE DONALD B. VERRILLI, JR., RESIGNED. IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. BRADFORD J. SHWEDO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
LT. GEN. STEVEN L. KWAST THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. GIOVANNI K. TUCK 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE VICE CHIEF OF STAFF OF THE ARMY AND AP-POINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 3034: 
To be general 
LT. GEN. JAMES C. MCCONVILLE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE DEPUTY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL, UNITED STATES ARMY, AND FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 3037 AND 3064: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. STUART W. RISCH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. THOMAS C. SEAMANDS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MARK E. BLACK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MATTHEW V. BAKER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. CHRIS R. GENTRY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ROBERT A. KARMAZIN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. MARION GARCIA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JOSEPH E. WHITLOCK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MIGUEL A. CASTELLANOS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. WINDSOR S. BUZZA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. RANDALL V. SIMMONS, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHAEL D. WICKMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. CARL A. ALEX BRIG. GEN. FRANCIS M. BEAUDETTE BRIG. GEN. CHRISTOPHER F. BENTLEY BRIG. GEN. GARY M. BRITO BRIG. GEN. PATRICK W. BURDEN BRIG. GEN. JOSEPH R. CALLOWAY BRIG. GEN. PAUL T. CALVERT BRIG. GEN. PAUL A. CHAMBERLAIN BRIG. GEN. RONALD P. CLARK BRIG. GEN. BRIAN P. CUMMINGS BRIG. GEN. EDWIN J. DEEDRICK, JR. BRIG. GEN. RODNEY D. FOGG BRIG. GEN. ROBIN L. FONTES BRIG. GEN. MARIA R. GERVAIS BRIG. GEN. KAREN H. GIBSON BRIG. GEN. DAVID P. GLASER BRIG. GEN. WILLIAM H. GRAHAM, JR. BRIG. GEN. JAMES B. JARRARD BRIG. GEN. GARY W. JOHNSTON BRIG. GEN. MITCHELL L. KILGO BRIG. GEN. RONALD KIRKLIN BRIG. GEN. JOHN S. KOLASHESKI BRIG. GEN. VIET X. LUONG BRIG. GEN. PATRICK E. MATLOCK BRIG. GEN. BRIAN J. MENNES BRIG. GEN. JEFFREY L. MILHORN BRIG. GEN. JAMES J. MINGUS BRIG. GEN. CHRISTOPHER J. SHARPSTEN BRIG. GEN. JOHN P. SULLIVAN BRIG. GEN. FRANK W. TATE BRIG. GEN. DANIEL R. WALRATH BRIG. GEN. BRIAN E. WINSKI THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
KALIE K. ROTT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
NORMA A. HILL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
FRANK C. PESCATELLO, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
BASIM M. YOUNIS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
STANLEY F. GOULD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
SCOTT W. FISHER THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be colonel 
GARY L. BEATY LARRY M. BURNETT, JR. DAVID M. CHURCH BRETT D. CRIQUI KELBY L. FAULKINER DAVID B. FOSTER JOSEPH H. GARDNER II WILLIAM C. GREER III PHILIP G. HOUSER MICHAEL S. MURPHY TIMOTHY T. OCHSNER JOSE D. RIVERA WARNER A. ROSS WILLIAM E. TEMPLE V JOHN M. WALLACE MICHAEL A. M. WILSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS IN THE GRADE IN-DICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
DANIEL J. CONVEY PHILIP A. HORTON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.022 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2498 April 24, 2017 
To be major 
SOPHIA DALCE BURKE LENZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
DAWN E. ELLIOTT THE FOLLOWING OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
D012528 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
BENJAMIN W. HILLNER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
CELINA S. PARGO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR REGULAR AP-POINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 531 AND 3064: 
To be major 
PAUL R. AMBROSE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
JAMES L. DUNGCA NATHAN S. LANHAM THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be colonel 
CHARLES R. BURNETT 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be commander 
EVAN M. COLBERT THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
LUCIANA SUNG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
WILLIAM A. SCHULTZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUAL FOR APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
WILLIAM L. MCCOY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be captain 
CHRIS F. WHITE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
KARL M. KINGRY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be commander 
MICHAEL A. POLITO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
RAYMOND J. CARLSON, JR. 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
JAVIER E. VEGA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
SERGIO L. SANDOVAL 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
CHRISTOPHER M. ALLEN 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate April 24, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE  
SONNY PERDUE, OF GEORGIA, TO BE SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:50 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A24AP6.017 S24APPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE521 April 24, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE TRENTON FIRE DEPARTMENT ON THE 90TH ANNIVERSARY OF ITS FOUNDING 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 24, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Trenton Fire Department on the 90th Anniversary of its founding. The Trenton Fire Department has provided important fire prevention and lifesaving services to the City of Trenton and the surrounding communities. Founded in 1927 to replace the previous all- volunteer system, the Trenton Fire Department initially consisted of seven full-time firemen and one pumper truck. Since its inception, the Department has grown and expanded to ac-commodate the increased size and needs of the community. Today, the Fire Department has 29 personnel, three fire trucks and two Advanced Life Support ambulances housed in two stations that operate 24 hours a day. These resources help the department serve the approximately 2,500 calls for help that it receives each year with an on-scene response time of less than four minutes. The Trenton Fire Department is also a member of the Downriver Mutual Aid Group, which offers sur-rounding communities emergency assistance in times of need. The Trenton Fire Department’s effectiveness plays a critical role in keeping the Trenton community safe from fires, hazards and other emergencies. In addition to its emergency services, the department has engaged in com-munity-based initiatives to further protect the well-being of Trenton residents. These include offering free smoke detectors to residents on fixed incomes, as well as operating the Tren-ton Firefighters Charity Organization, which provides financial support to over 100 organi-zations that serve the community. Collectively, these efforts have had a tremendous impact in keeping Trenton and its residents safe from danger. It is my hope that the Trenton Fire Department continues its outstanding legacy of public service and care for the sick and in-jured in Trenton and the surrounding areas. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Trenton Fire Department on the 90th Anniversary of its establishment. The Trenton Fire Department’s wide spectrum of services are key to protecting public health and providing emergency support to the city. 
f 
RECOGNIZING UNITED STATES NAVY CAPTAIN MIKE STEFFEN 
HON. KAY GRANGER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 24, 2017 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize United States Navy Captain Mike Steffen and his leadership as the 11th Com-manding Officer of Naval Air Station Fort Worth Joint Reserve Base, which is located in the 12th District of Texas that I represent. Over his naval career, Captain Steffen has served numerous deployments overseas—in-cluding two combat tours conducting special operations forward deployed in Iraq in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom, and earned a number of decorations for his service. In August 2015, I was pleased to speak at the ceremony when he assumed command of Naval Air Station Fort Worth Joint Reserve Base, Texas. Captain Steffen has since worked tirelessly to grow the base and ensure it fully supports the Army, Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps commands to help them prepare for deployment around the world in these dan-gerous times. He has also done an excellent job of fostering a spirit of collaboration to make sure the base and the communities sur-rounding it grow and thrive. Fort Worth is proud of our nation’s military and proud of our base. It’s in our genes since the city started as a fort. Like Captain Steffen says whenever the roar of a fighter jet is heard overhead, ‘‘Texans love the sound of freedom.’’ Captain Steffen will be turning over com-mand of Naval Air Station Fort Worth Joint Reserve Base this month on new orders. He will leave the base well-positioned for the fu-ture. On behalf of the people of the 12th Con-gressional District of Texas, I wish him and his family fair winds and following seas. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF BOY SCOUT TROOP 1721 ON THE 90TH ANNI-VERSARY OF ITS FOUNDING 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 24, 2017 Mrs. DlNGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Boy Scout Troop 1721 on the 90th anniversary of its founding. Since its establish-ment, Boy Scout Troop 1721 has served the Downriver area through its community service projects and the activism of its members. Founded in 1927 as Boy Scout Troop TN– 1, Troop 1721 has compiled an outstanding record of service and engagement with Tren-ton and the surrounding areas. The troop holds regular food drives and collections for nearby food pantries through its Scouting for Food initiative and other events. Additionally, the troop has completed projects including the installation of bat houses at the International Wildlife Refuge, as well as seating and sign upgrades at the cultural center. The troop has also excelled at leadership development, with 126 Boy Scouts receiving Eagle Scout awards since 1962. The Troop 1721 adult leaders have also been recognized for their service, with several receiving the District Award of Merit and Silver Beaver award. As the oldest troop operating in Downriver, Troop 1721 has played a key role in providing area youth with leadership opportunities while teaching them skills that will serve them throughout their lives. The troop has also maintained a partnership with the Exchange Club of Trenton, a service organization that helps with events like ChristNet and Veterans Matter. Through this collaborative effort, troop members have received mentoring opportuni-ties while providing community service to local organizations and nonprofits in need. It is my hope that Troop 4 continues to serve as a model for activism and helps inspire leader-ship and a spirit of service in the community in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Trenton’s Boy Scout Troop 1721 on the 90th anniversary of its founding. The troop has played an important role in the growth and development of the City of Trenton and inspired a new generation of young lead-ers. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE EX-CHANGE CLUB OF TRENTON ON THE 90TH ANNIVERSARY OF ITS FOUNDING 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 24, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Exchange Club of Trenton on the 90th anniversary of its founding. The club has provided outstanding support to service projects and community initiatives since its es-tablishment. Founded in 1927, the Exchange Club of Trenton began as a professional gathering of prominent businessmen in the Trenton area and has since evolved into a community orga-nization that provides funding and support to a variety of different causes active in the city. The organization raises money through an an-nual spaghetti dinner, as well as other events like a 5K run and comedy night. Using these funds, the Exchange Club assists a multitude of initiatives to improve the Trenton area. These include supporting child abuse preven-tion services, as well as activities including an Adopt-a-Highway cleanup program on Fort Street and helping organize the Memorial Day and Christmas parades in the city. Addition-ally, the Exchange Club also works with Boy Scout Troop 1721 to provide community serv-ice and leadership opportunities for troop members. The Exchange Club of Trenton has been in-strumental in helping the Trenton community grow and develop over the past 90 years. By bringing together local leaders and concerned citizens, the Exchange Club has not only pro-vided an important forum to discuss solutions to issues facing the Trenton area, but also helped drive action to make the city a better place to live and work. The Exchange Club of Trenton’s longevity and record of success are testaments to the great work that it has done, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A24AP8.001 E24APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE522 April 24, 2017 
and it is my hope that the organization con-tinues to build on these achievements in the years ahead. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring the Exchange Club of Trenton on its 90th anniversary. The Exchange Club has successfully supported important local initia-tives in Trenton since its founding. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, April 25, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
APRIL 26 9:30 a.m. Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine democracy and human rights abuses in Russia. SD–124 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine reopening the American frontier, focusing on re-ducing regulatory barriers and expand-ing American free enterprise in space. SR–253 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 652, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early de-tection, diagnosis, and treatment re-garding deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children, S. 849, to support programs for mos-quito-borne and other vector-borne dis-ease surveillance and control, an origi-nal bill entitled, ‘‘National Clinical Care Commission Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Protecting Patient Access to Emergency Medications Act’’, and the nomination of Scott Gottlieb, of Con-necticut, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine duplication, waste, and fraud in Federal programs. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Amul R. Thapar, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, and Makan Delrahim, of California, to be an As-sistant Attorney General, Department of Justice. SD–226 Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine the chal-lenges and opportunities of running a small business in rural America. SR–428A Select Committee on Intelligence To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Courtney Elwood, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency. SD–106 10:15 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the tech-nical, scientific, and legal basis of the Waters of the United States Rule. SD–406 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold hearings to examine a review of National Guard and Reserve programs and readiness. SD–192 1:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Tulinabo Salama Mushingi, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Re-public of Senegal, and to serve concur-rently and without additional com-pensation as Ambassador to the Repub-lic of Guinea-Bissau, and Todd Philip Haskell, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of the Congo, both of the Department of State. SD–419 APRIL 27 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine United States Pacific Command and United States Forces Korea. SD–G50 9:45 a.m. Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine aging with-out community, focusing on the con-sequences of isolation and loneliness. SH–216 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine countering Russia, focusing on further assessing options for sanctions. SD–538 Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine H.R. 339, to amend Public Law 94–241 with respect to the Northern Mariana Islands. SD–366 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine preventing veteran suicide. SD–124 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity To hold hearings to examine cyber-en-abled information operations. SR–222 MAY 2 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine federal payments to local governments provided through the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self Deter-mination Act and the Payment in Lieu of Taxes program and the need to pro-vide greater fiscal certainty for re-source-dependent communities with tax-exempt federal lands. SD–366 MAY 3 10 a.m. 
Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities To hold hearings to examine Department of Defense laboratories and their con-tributions to military operations and readiness. SR–222 Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Multilateral Inter-national Development, Multilateral In-stitutions, and International Eco-nomic, Energy, and Environmental Policy To hold hearings to examine global phi-lanthropy and remittances and inter-national development. SD–419 MAY 4 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine the threat posed by electromagnetic pulse and policy options to protect energy infra-structure and to improve capabilities for adequate system restoration. SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:47 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A24AP8.004 E24APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D439 Monday, April 24, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate confirmed the nomination of Sonny Perdue, of Georgia, to be Sec-retary of Agriculture. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2473–S2498 Measures Introduced: Thirteen bills and three reso-lutions were introduced, as follows: S. 912–924, and S. Res. 135–137.
                                               Pages S2490–91 
Measures Reported: Special Report entitled ‘‘Summary of Legislative and Oversight Activities During the 114th Con-gress’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–33) S. 188, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employ-ees of the Federal Government. (S. Rept. No. 115–28) S. 500, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Health Affairs responsible for coordi-nating the efforts of the Department of Homeland Security related to food, agriculture, and veterinary defense against terrorism. (S. Rept. No. 115–29) S. 576, to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend certain protections against prohibited per-sonnel practices. (S. Rept. No. 115–30) H.R. 274, to provide for reimbursement for the use of modern travel services by Federal employees traveling on official Government business. (S. Rept. No. 115–31) H.R. 366, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to direct the Under Secretary for Manage-ment of the Department of Homeland Security to make certain improvements in managing the Depart-ment’s vehicle fleet, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–32)
                                                                          Page S2490 
Appointments: Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance: The Chair, on behalf of the Majority and Democratic Leaders of the Senate and the Speaker and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, pursuant to Section 301 of Public Law 104–1, as amended by Public Law 108–349, Public Law 114–6, and as fur-ther amended by Public Law 115–19, announced the joint re-appointment of the following individuals as members of the Board of Directors of the Office of Compliance: Barbara Childs Wallace of Mississippi, Alan V. Friedman of California, Susan S. Robfogel of New York, Barbara L. Camens of the District of Co-lumbia, and Roberta L. Holzwarth of Illinois.                                                                                     Pages S2496–97 
Acosta Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration the nomination of R. Alexander Acosta, of Florida, to be Secretary of Labor.
                      Page S2479 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein, of Mary-land, to be Deputy Attorney General.
            Page S2479 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S2478 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S2479 
Rosenstein Nomination—Agreement: Senate re-sumed consideration of the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney General.
                                                                          Page S2482 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 92 yeas to 6 nays (Vote No. 113), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S2481–82 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, April 25, 2017, with the time until 12:30 p.m., equally divided in the usual form; and that all time during adjourn-ment, recess, morning business and Leader remarks count post-cloture on the nomination.
           Page S2497 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24AP7.REC D24APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD440 April 24, 2017 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 87 yeas 11 nays, 1 responding present (Vote No. EX. 112), Sonny Perdue, of Georgia, to be Sec-retary of Agriculture.
                   Pages S2475–78, S2479–81 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Elaine McCusker, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense. Adam Lerrick, of Wyoming, to be a Deputy Under Secretary of the Treasury. Brent James McIntosh, of Michigan, to be General Counsel for the Department of the Treasury. David James Glawe, of Iowa, to be Under Sec-retary for Intelligence and Analysis, Department of Homeland Security. Vishal J. Amin, of Michigan, to be Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator, Executive Office of the President. Noel J. Francisco, of the District of Columbia, to be Solicitor General of the United States. 3 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 45 Army nominations in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Army, Marine Corps, and Navy.                                                                       Pages S2497–98 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2490 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S2490 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2491–94 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2494–96 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S2487 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—113)
                                                 Pages S2481, S2482 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:53 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, April 25, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2497.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 1 public bill, H.R. 2115; was introduced.
                      Page H2816 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H2816 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1372, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to ensure that the needs of children are con-sidered in homeland security planning, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–92, Part 1); and H.R. 1694, to require additional entities to be subject to the requirements of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Freedom of Information Act), and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–93).
      Page H2816 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Comstock to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H2815 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Vincent DeRosa, St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church, Washington, DC. 
                                                                                            Page H2815 Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 12:02 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D414) 
H.J. Res. 43, providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by Secretary of Health and Human Services relating to compliance with title X requirements by project recipients in se-lecting subrecipients. Signed on April 13, 2017. (Public Law 115–23) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:43 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24AP7.REC D24APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D441 April 24, 2017 
H.J. Res. 67, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrange-ments established by qualified State political sub-divisions for non-governmental employees. Signed on April 13, 2017. (Public Law 115–24) H.R. 353, to improve the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s weather research through a focused program of investment on afford-able and attainable advances in observational, com-puting, and modeling capabilities to support sub-stantial improvement in weather forecasting and pre-diction of high impact weather events, to expand commercial opportunities for the provision of weath-er data. Signed on April 18, 2017. (Public Law 115–25) S. 544, to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to modify the termi-nation date for the Veterans Choice Program. Signed on April 19, 2017. (Public Law 115–26) S.J. Res. 30, providing for the reappointment of Steve Case as a citizen regent of the Board of Re-gents of the Smithsonian Institution. Signed on April 19, 2017. (Public Law 115–27) S.J. Res. 35, providing for the appointment of Michael Govan as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. Signed on April 19, 2017. (Public Law 115–28) S.J. Res. 36, providing for the appointment of Roger W. Ferguson as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. Signed on April 19, 2017. (Public Law 115–29) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, APRIL 25, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, to hold hear-ings to examine United States assistance for Egypt, 2:15 p.m., SD–124. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine policy and strategy in the Asia-Pacific, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider an original resolution waiving certain provisions of the Trade Act of 1974 relating to the appointment of the United States Trade Representative, and the nomination of Rob-ert Lighthizer, of Florida, to be United States Trade Rep-resentative, with the rank of Ambassador, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the crisis in Libya, focusing on next steps and United States policy options, 9:45 a.m., SD–419. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine intellectual property, focusing on making our lives healthier, safer, and more productive, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:15 p.m., SH–219. Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 1694, the ‘‘Fannie and Freddie Open Records Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1695, the ‘‘Register of Copyrights Se-lection and Accountability Act of 2017’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of April 25 through April 28, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney General, post-cloture. Upon disposition of the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney General, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of R. Alexander Acosta, of Florida, to be Secretary of Labor. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: April 25, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, to hold hearings to examine United States assistance for Egypt, 2:15 p.m., SD–124. April 26, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hearings to examine a review of National Guard and Reserve programs and readiness, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. April 27, Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine preventing veteran suicide, 10:30 a.m., SD–124. Committee on Armed Services: April 25, to hold hearings to examine policy and strategy in the Asia-Pacific, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. April 27, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine United States Pacific Command and United States Forces Korea, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. April 27, Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, to hold hearings to examine cyber-enabled information operations, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: April 27, to hold hearings to examine countering Russia, focus-ing on further assessing options for sanctions, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: April 26, to hold hearings to examine reopening the American frontier, focusing on reducing regulatory barriers and ex-panding American free enterprise in space, 10 a.m., SR–253. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24AP7.REC D24APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD442 April 24, 2017 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: April 27, to hold hearings to examine H.R. 339, to amend Public Law 94–241 with respect to the Northern Mariana Is-lands, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: April 26, to hold hearings to examine the technical, scientific, and legal basis of the Waters of the United States Rule, 10:15 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: April 25, business meeting to consider an original resolution waiving certain provisions of the Trade Act of 1974 relating to the appointment of the United States Trade Representative, and the nomina-tion of Robert Lighthizer, of Florida, to be United States Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambassador, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: April 25, to hold hear-ings to examine the crisis in Libya, focusing on next steps and United States policy options, 9:45 a.m., SD–419. April 26, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Tulinabo Salama Mushingi, of Vir-ginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Senegal, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensa-tion as Ambassador to the Republic of Guinea-Bissau, and Todd Philip Haskell, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of the Congo, both of the Department of State, 1:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: April 26, business meeting to consider S. 652, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, infants, and young chil-dren, S. 849, to support programs for mosquito-borne and other vector-borne disease surveillance and control, an original bill entitled, ‘‘National Clinical Care Commission Act’’, an original bill entitled, ‘‘Protecting Patient Access to Emergency Medications Act’’, and the nomination of Scott Gottlieb, of Connecticut, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: April 26, to hold hearings to examine duplication, waste, and fraud in Federal programs, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: April 25, to hold hearings to examine intellectual property, focusing on making our lives healthier, safer, and more productive, 10 a.m., SD–226. April 26, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Amul R. Thapar, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, and Makan Delrahim, of California, to be an Assistant Attor-ney General, Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: April 26, to hold hearings to examine the challenges and op-portunities of running a small business in rural America, 10 a.m., SR–428A. Select Committee on Intelligence: April 25, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:15 p.m., SH–219. April 25, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. April 26, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Courtney Elwood, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency, 10 a.m., SD–106. April 27, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: April 27, to hold hearings to examine aging without community, focusing on the consequences of isolation and loneliness, 9:45 a.m., SH–216. 
House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, April 26, Subcommittee on Defense, oversight hearing on U.S. Pacific Command, 1:30 p.m., H–140 Capitol. This hearing will be closed. Committee on Armed Services, April 26, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Military Assessment of the Security Challenges in the Indo-Asia-Pacific Region’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. April 26, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Ca-pabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Creating a Flexible and Effec-tive Information Technology Management and Acquisi-tion System: Elements for Success in a Rapidly Changing Landscape’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. April 27, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Member Day’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. April 27, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder/Traumatic Brain Injury’’, 2 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. April 28, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Amphibious Warfare in a Con-tested Environment’’, 8 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, April 26, Full Committee, markup of H.R. 1180, the ‘‘Working Fami-lies Flexibility Act of 2017’’, 10:30 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. April 27, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Strength-ening Accreditation to Better Protect Students and Tax-payers’’ 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, April 26, Sub-committee on Environment, hearing on ‘‘Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. April 27, Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Outdoor Recre-ation: Vast Impact of the Great Outdoors’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, April 26, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘A Legislative Proposal to Create Hope and Opportunity for Investors, Consumers, and En-trepreneurs’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. April 27, Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Fi-nance, hearing entitled ‘‘Safeguarding the Financial Sys-tem from Terrorist Financing’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, April 26, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Question-able Case for Easing Sudan Sanctions’’, 2:30 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. April 26, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hear-ing entitled ‘‘China’s Technological Rise: Challenges to U.S. Innovation and Security’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24AP7.REC D24APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D443 April 24, 2017 April 27, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Syria After the Missile Strikes: Policy Options’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. April 27, Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonprolifera-tion, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Afghanistan’s Terrorist Resurgence: Al-Qaeda, ISIS, and Beyond’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, April 27, Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Security, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Checkpoint of the Future: Evaluating TSA’s Innova-tion Task Force Initiative’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, April 26, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Bureau of Pris-ons and the U.S. Marshals Service’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Ray-burn. Committee on Natural Resources, April 26, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 220, to authorize the expansion of an existing hydroelectric project, and for other pur-poses; H.R. 497, the ‘‘Santa Ana River Wash Plan Land Exchange Act’’; H.R. 660, the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation Transparency Act’’; H.R. 1073, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish a structure for visitor services on the Arlington Ridge tract, in the area of the U.S. Ma-rine Corps War Memorial, and for other purposes; H.R. 1135, to reauthorize the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Historic Preservation program; H.R. 1500, the ‘‘Robert Emmet Park Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1654, the ‘‘Water Supply Permitting Coordination Act’’; H.R. 1715, the ‘‘Medgar Evers House Study Act’’; H.R. 1769, ‘‘San Luis Unit Drainage Resolution Act’’; H.R. 1807, the ‘‘Public Water Supply Invasive Species Compliance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1873, the ‘‘Electricity Reliability and Forest Protection Act’’; H.R. 1967, the ‘‘Bureau of Rec-lamation Pumped Storage Hydropower Development Act’’; and H.R. 2085, to approve an agreement between the United States and the Republic of Palau, and for other purposes, 4 p.m., 1324 Longworth. April 27, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 220, to authorize the expansion of an existing hydroelectric project, and for other purposes; H.R. 497, the ‘‘Santa Ana River Wash Plan Land Exchange Act’’; H.R. 660, the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation Transparency Act’’; H.R. 1073, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to establish a structure for visitor services on the Arlington Ridge tract, in the area of the U.S. Marine Corps War Memorial, and for other purposes; H.R. 1135, to reauthorize the Histori-cally Black Colleges and Universities Historic Preserva-tion program; H.R. 1500, the ‘‘Robert Emmet Park Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1654, the ‘‘Water Supply Permitting Co-ordination Act’’; H.R. 1715, the ‘‘Medgar Evers House Study Act’’; H.R. 1769, ‘‘San Luis Unit Drainage Resolu-tion Act’’; H.R. 1807, the ‘‘Public Water Supply Invasive Species Compliance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1873, the ‘‘Elec-tricity Reliability and Forest Protection Act’’; H.R. 1967, the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation Pumped Storage Hydropower Development Act’’; and H.R. 2085, to approve an agree-ment between the United States and the Republic of Palau, and for other purposes (continued), 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, April 26, Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Affairs, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Unfunded Mandates: Examining Federally Imposed Burdens on State and Local Government’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. April 26, Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the Unintended Con-sequences of the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. April 27, Subcommittee on National Security, hearing entitled, ‘‘The Border Wall: Strengthening our National Security’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, April 26, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Advances in the Search for Life’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, April 26, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Storm Watch: Making Sure SBA’s Dis-aster Loan Program is Prepared’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. April 27, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access, hearing entitled, ‘‘Small Business: The Key to Economic Growth’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, April 27, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, markup of pending legislation, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, April 26, Subcommittee on Social Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Stopping Disability Fraud: Risk, Prevention, and Detection’’, 10 a.m., 2020 Rayburn. April 26, Subcommittee on Oversight, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the 2017 Tax Filing Season’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: April 26, to hold hearings to examine democracy and human rights abuses in Russia, 9:30 a.m., SD–124. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D24AP7.REC D24APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD444 April 24, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, April 25 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Rod J. Rosenstein, of Mary-land, to be Deputy Attorney General, post-cloture. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Tuesday, April 25 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of the following measures under suspension of the Rules: (1) H. Con. Res. 35—Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the Na-tional Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition; (2) H. Con. Res. 36—Authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby; (3) H.R. 455—To designate the United States courthouse lo-cated at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse’’; (4) S. 496—To repeal the rule issued by the Federal Highway Administration and the Federal Transit Administration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Organization Coordina-tion and Planning Area Reform’’; (5) H.R. 876—Avia-tion Employee Screening and Security Enhancement Act of 2017; (6) H.R. 1372—Homeland Security for Children Act; (7) H.R. 534—U.S. Wants to Compete for a World Expo Act; and (8) H. Res. 187—Relating to efforts to respond to the famine in South Sudan. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E521, E521, E521 Granger, Kay, Tex., E521 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:37 Apr 25, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D24AP7.REC D24APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST