Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1309 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 2017 No. 29 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 1 p.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. B
YRNE ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, February 17, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable B
RADLEY  B
YRNE to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER Reverend Vincent DeRosa, St. Francis Xavier Church, Washington, D.C., offered the following prayer: O God, our creator and ruler, grant us to worship and serve You in truth of spirit and with reverent bodies. Keep blessing on our lips both in pri-vate and in public. Help us to honor the laws that govern us by humble submis-sion. Dispose us to show affection to our own and to our neighbors. Help us to become truly one Nation under God until one day we share in the fullness of Your kingdom. We ask this in Your most holy name. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 3(a) of House Resolution 123, the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO BE AVAILABLE TO SERVE ON IN-VESTIGATIVE SUBCOMMITTEES OF THE COMMITTEE ON ETHICS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to clause 5(a)(4)(A) of rule X, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the fol-lowing Members of the House to be available to serve on investigative sub-committees of the Committee on Eth-ics for the 115th Congress: Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Tennessee Mr. C
OLLINS , Georgia Mr. Y
OUNG , Iowa Mr. K
ATKO , New York Mr. O
LSON , Texas Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Texas Mrs. R
OBY, Alabama Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS, Illinois Mr. F
ASO, New York Mr. H
ULTGREN , Illinois 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS  
FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS  C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 17, 2017. M
R. SPEAKER : Pursuant to clause 2 of Rule XI, I submit to the House the Rules of the Committee on Ways and Means for the 115th Congress for publication in the Congres-sional Record. Sincerely, K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman. (As Adopted by the Committee on January 12, 2017) A. G
ENERAL  
RULE 1 . APPLICATION OF HOUSE RULES  The rules of the House are the rules of the Committee on Ways and Means and its sub-committees so far as applicable, except that a motion to recess from day to day, and a motion to dispense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or resolution, if printed copies are available, is a non-debatable motion of high privilege in the Committee. Each subcommittee of the Committee is part of the Committee and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee and to its rules so far as applicable. Written rules adopted by the Committee, not incon-sistent with the Rules of the House, shall be binding on each subcommittee of the Com-mittee. The provisions of rule XI of the Rules of the House are incorporated by reference as the rules of the Committee to the extent ap-plicable. RULE 2 . MEETING DATE AND QUORUMS  The regular meeting day of the Committee on Ways and Means shall be each Wednesday while the House is in session. However, the Committee shall not meet on the regularly scheduled meeting day if there is no business to be considered. A majority of the Committee constitutes a quorum for business; provided however, that two Members shall constitute a quorum at any regularly scheduled hearing called for the purpose of taking testimony and receiv-ing evidence. In establishing a quorum for purposes of a public hearing, every effort shall be made to secure the presence of at least one Member each from the majority and the minority. The Chairman of the Committee may call and convene, as he considers necessary, addi-tional meetings of the Committee for the consideration of any bill or resolution pend-ing before the Committee or for the conduct of other Committee business. The Com-mittee shall meet pursuant to the call of the Chair. 
RULE 3 . COMMITTEE BUDGET  For each Congress, the Chairman, in con-sultation with the Majority Members of the Committee, shall prepare a preliminary budget. Such budget shall include necessary amounts for staff personnel, travel, inves-tigation, and other expenses of the Com-mittee. After consultation with the Minority Members, the Chairman shall include an amount budgeted by Minority Members for staff under their direction and supervision. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:53 Feb 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17FE7.000 H17FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1310 February 17, 2017 
RULE 4 . PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE  
DOCUMENTS  Any Committee or Subcommittee print, document, or similar material prepared for public distribution shall either be approved by the Committee or Subcommittee prior to distribution and opportunity afforded for the inclusion of supplemental, minority or addi-tional views, or such document shall promi-nently display near the top of its cover the following: ‘‘Majority [or Minority] Staff Re-port,’’ as appropriate. The requirements of this rule shall apply only to the publication of policy-oriented, analytical documents, and not to the publi-cation of public hearings, legislative docu-ments, documents which are administrative in nature or reports which are required to be submitted to the Committee under public law. The appropriate characterization of a document subject to this rule shall be deter-mined after consultation with the Minority. 
RULE 5 . OFFICIAL TRAVEL  Consistent with the primary expense reso-lution and such additional expense resolu-tion as may have been approved, the provi-sions of this rule shall govern official travel of Committee Members and Committee staff. Official travel to be reimbursed from funds set aside for the full Committee for any Member or any Committee staff member shall be paid only upon the prior authoriza-tion of the Chairman. Official travel may be authorized by the Chairman for any Member and any Committee staff member in connec-tion with the attendance of hearings con-ducted by the Committee, its Subcommit-tees, or any other Committee or Sub-committee of the Congress on matters rel-evant to the general jurisdiction of the Com-mittee, and meetings, conferences, facility inspections, and investigations which in-volve activities or subject matter relevant to the general jurisdiction of the Committee. Before such authorization is given, there shall be submitted to the Chairman in writ-ing the following: (1) The purpose of the official travel; (2) The dates during which the official travel is to be made and the date or dates of the event for which the official travel is being made; (3) The location of the event for which the official travel is to be made; and (4) The names of the Members and Com-mittee staff seeking authorization. In the case of official travel of Members and staff of a Subcommittee to hearings, meetings, conferences, facility inspections and investigations involving activities or subject matter under the jurisdiction of such Subcommittee, prior authorization must be obtained from the Subcommittee Chairman and the full Committee Chairman. Such prior authorization shall be given by the full Committee Chairman only upon the rep-resentation by the applicable Subcommittee Chairman in writing setting forth those items enumerated above. Within 60 days of the conclusion of any of-ficial travel authorized under this rule, there shall be submitted to the full Committee Chairman a written report covering the in-formation gained as a result of the hearing, meeting, conference, facility inspection or investigation attended pursuant to such offi-cial travel. 
RULE 6 . AVAILABILITY OF COMMITTEE RECORDS  
AND PUBLICATIONS  The records of the Committee at the Na-tional Archives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use in ac-cordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House of Representatives. The Chairman shall notify the Ranking Minority Member of any decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 4(b) of Rule VII, to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determina-tion on the written request of any Member of the Committee. The Committee shall, to the maximum extent feasible, make its publica-tions available in electronic form. RULE 7 . COMMITTEE WEBSITE  The Chairman shall maintain an official Committee website for the purpose of futhering the Committee’s legislative and oversight responsibilities, including commu-nicating information about the Committee’s activities to Committee members, other members of the House, and the public. The ranking minority member may maintain a similar website for the same purpose, includ-ing communicating information about the activities of the minority to Committee members, other members of the House, and the public. B. S
UBCOMMITTEES  
RULE 8 . SUBCOMMITTEE RATIOS AND  
JURISDICTION  All matters referred to the Committee on Ways and Means involving revenue meas-ures, except those revenue measures referred to Subcommittees under paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 shall be considered by the full Com-mittee and not in Subcommittee. There shall be six standing Subcommittees as follows: a Subcommittee on Trade; a Subcommittee on Oversight; a Subcommittee on Health; a Sub-committee on Social Security; a Sub-committee on Human Resources; and a Sub-committee on Tax Policy. The ratio of Re-publicans to Democrats on any Sub-committee of the Committee shall be con-sistent with the ratio of Republicans to Democrats on the full Committee. 1. The Subcommittee on Trade shall con-sist of 16 Members, 10 of whom shall be Re-publicans and 6 of whom shall be Democrats. The jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Trade shall include bills and matters re-ferred to the Committee on Ways and Means that relate to customs and customs adminis-tration including tariff and import fee struc-ture, classification, valuation of and special rules applying to imports, and special tariff provisions and procedures which relate to customs operation affecting exports and im-ports; import trade matters, including im-port impact, industry relief from injurious imports, adjustment assistance and pro-grams to encourage competitive responses to imports, unfair import practices including antidumping and countervailing duty provi-sions, and import policy which relates to de-pendence on foreign sources of supply; com-modity agreements and reciprocal trade agreements involving multilateral and bilat-eral trade negotiations and implementation of agreements involving tariff and non-tariff trade barriers to and distortions of inter-national trade; international rules, organiza-tions and institutional aspects of inter-national trade agreements; budget author-izations for the customs revenue functions of the Department of Homeland Security, the U.S. International Trade Commission, and the U.S. Trade Representative; and special trade-related problems involving market ac-cess, competitive conditions of specific in-dustries, export policy and promotion, access to materials in short supply, bilateral trade relations including trade with developing countries, operations of multinational cor-porations, and trade with non-market econo-mies. 2. The Subcommittee on Oversight shall consist of 11 Members, 7 of whom shall be Re-publicans and 4 of whom shall be Democrats. The jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Oversight shall include all matters within the scope of the full Committee’s jurisdic-tion. Said oversight jurisdiction shall not be exclusive but shall be concurrent with that of the other Subcommittees. With respect to matters involving the Internal Revenue Code and other revenue issues, said concurrent ju-risdiction shall be shared with the full Com-mittee. Before undertaking any investiga-tion or hearing, the Chairman of the Sub-committee on Oversight shall confer with the Chairman of the full Committee and the Chairman of any other Subcommittee having jurisdiction. 3. The Subcommittee on Health shall con-sist of 18 Members, 11 of whom shall be Re-publicans and 7 of whom shall be Democrats. The jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Health shall include bills and matters re-ferred to the Committee on Ways and Means that relate to programs providing payments (from any source) for health care, health de-livery systems, or health research. More spe-cifically, the jurisdiction of the Sub-committee on Health shall include bills and matters that relate to the health care pro-grams of the Social Security Act (including titles V, XI (Part B), XVIII, and XIX thereof) and, concurrent with the full Committee, tax credit and deduction provisions of the Inter-nal Revenue Code dealing with health insur-ance premiums and health care costs. 4. The Subcommittee on Social Security shall consist of 11 Members, 7 of whom shall be Republicans and 4 of whom shall be Demo-crats. The jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Social Security shall include bills and mat-ters referred to the Committee on Ways and Means that relate to the Federal Old Age, Survivors’ and Disability Insurance System, the Railroad Retirement System, and em-ployment taxes and trust fund operations re-lating to those systems. More specifically, the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on So-cial Security shall include bills and matters involving title II of the Social Security Act and Chapter 22 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Railroad Retirement Tax Act), as well as provisions in title VII and title XI of the Act relating to procedure and administration involving the Old Age, Survivors’ and Dis-ability Insurance System. 5. The Subcommittee on Human Resources shall consist of 11 Members, 7 of whom shall be Republicans and 4 of whom shall be Demo-crats. The jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Human Resources shall include bills and matters referred to the Committee on Ways and Means that relate to the public assist-ance provisions of the Social Security Act, including temporary assistance for needy families, child care, child and family serv-ices, child support, foster care, adoption, supplemental security income, social serv-ices, home visiting, and eligibility of welfare recipient for food stamps. More specifically, the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Human Resources shall include bills and matters relating to titles I, IV, VI, X, XIV, XVI, XVII, XX, and related provisions of ti-tles V, VII and XI of the Social Security Act. The jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Human Resources shall also include bills and matters referred to the Committee on Ways and Means that relate to the Federal-State system of unemployment compensation, and the financing thereof, including the pro-grams for extended and emergency benefits. More specifically, the jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Human Resources shall also include all bills and matters pertaining to the programs of unemployment compensa-tion under titles III, IX and XII of the Social Security Act, Chapters 23 and 23A of the In-ternal Revenue Code, and the Federal-State Extended Unemployment Compensation Act of 1970, and provisions relating thereto. 6. The Subcommittee on Tax Policy shall consist of 15 Members, 9 of whom shall be Re-publicans and 6 of whom shall be Democrats. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Feb 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17FE7.005 H17FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1311 February 17, 2017 
The jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Tax Policy shall consist of those revenue measures that, from time to time, shall be referred to it specifically by the Chairman of the full Committee. 
RULE 9 . EX-OFFICIO MEMBERS OF  
SUBCOMMITTEES  The Chairman of the full Committee and the Ranking Minority Member may sit as ex- officio Members of all Subcommittees. They may be counted for purposes of assisting in the establishment of a quorum for a Sub-committee. However, their absence shall not count against the establishment of a quorum by the regular Members of the Sub-committee. Ex-officio Members shall neither vote in the Subcommittee nor be taken into consideration for the purposes of deter-mining the ratio of the Subcommittee. 
RULE 10 . SUBCOMMITTEE MEETINGS  Insofar as practicable, meetings of the full Committee and its Subcommittees shall not conflict. Subcommittee Chairmen shall set meeting dates after consultation with the Chairman of the full Committee and other Subcommittee Chairmen with a view to-wards avoiding, wherever possible, simulta-neous scheduling of full Committee and Sub-committee meetings or hearings. 
RULE 11 . REFERENCE OF LEGISLATION AND  
SUBCOMMITTEE REPORTS  Except for bills or measures retained by the Chairman of the full Committee for full Committee consideration, every bill or other measure referred to the Committee shall be referred by the Chairman of the full Com-mittee to the appropriate Subcommittee in a timely manner. No measure reported by a Subcommittee shall be considered by the hill Committee unless it has been presented to all Members of the full Committee at least two legislative days prior to the full Committee’s meeting, together with a comparison with present law, a section-by-section analysis of the pro-posed change, a section-by-section justifica-tion, and a draft statement of the budget ef-fects of the measure that is consistent with the requirements for reported measures under clause 3(d)(1) of Rule XIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
RULE 12 . RECOMMENDATION FOR APPOINTMENT  
OF CONFEREES  Whenever in the legislative process it be-comes necessary to appoint conferees, the Chairman of the full Committee shall rec-ommend to the Speaker as conferees the names of those Committee Members as the Chairman may designate. In making rec-ommendations of Minority Members as con-ferees, the Chairman shall consult with the Ranking Minority Member of the Com-mittee. C. H
EARINGS  
RULE 13 . WITNESSES  In order to assure the most productive use of the limited time available to question hearing witnesses, a witness who is sched-uled to appear before the full Committee or a Subcommittee shall file with the Clerk of the Committee at least 48 hours in advance of his or her appearance a written statement of their proposed testimony. In addition, all witnesses shall comply with formatting re-quirements as specified by the Committee and the Rules of the House. Failure to com-ply with the 48–hour rule may result in a witness being denied the opportunity to tes-tify in person. Failure to comply with the formatting requirements may result in a witness’ statement being rejected for inclu-sion in the published hearing record. In addi-tion to the requirements of clause 2(g)(5) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House regarding information required of public witnesses, a witness shall limit his or her oral presen-tation to a summary of their position and shall provide sufficient copies of their writ-ten statement to the Clerk for distribution to Members, staff and news media. A witness appearing at a public hearing, or submitting a statement for the record of a public hearing, or submitting written com-ments in response to a published request for comments by the Committee must include in their statement or submission, a list of all clients, persons or organizations on whose behalf the witness appears. Oral testimony and statements for the record, or written comments in response to a request for com-ments by the Committee, will be accepted only from citizens of the United States or corporations or associations organized under the laws of one of the 50 States of the United States or the District of Columbia, unless otherwise directed by the Chairman of the full Committee or Subcommittee involved. Written statements from noncitizens may be considered for acceptance in the record if transmitted to the Committee in writing by Members of Congress. RULE 14 . QUESTIONING OF WITNESSES  Committee Members may question wit-nesses only when recognized by the Chair-man for that purpose. All Members shall be limited to five minutes on the initial round of questioning. In questioning witnesses under the five minute rule, the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member shall be recognized first, after which Members who are in attendance at the beginning of a hear-ing will be recognized in the order of their seniority on the Committee. Other Members shall be recognized in the order of their ap-pearance at the hearing. In recognizing Members to question witnesses, the Chair-man may take into consideration the ratio of Majority Members to Minority Members and the number of Majority and Minority Members present and shall apportion the rec-ognition for questioning in such a manner as not to disadvantage Members of the major-ity. 
RULE 15 . SUBPOENA POWER  The power to authorize and issue sub-poenas is delegated to the Chairman of the full Committee, as provided for under clause 2(m)(3)(A)(i) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
RULE 16 . RECORDS OF HEARINGS  An accurate stenographic record shall be kept of all testimony taken at a public hear-ing. The staff shall transmit to a witness the transcript of his or her testimony for correc-tion and immediate return to the Committee offices. Only changes in the interest of clar-ity, accuracy and corrections in transcribing errors will be permitted. Changes that sub-stantially alter the actual testimony will not be permitted. Members shall have the op-portunity to correct their own remarks be-fore publication. The Chairman of the full Committee may order the printing of a hear-ing without the corrections of a witness or Member if he determines that a reasonable time has been afforded to make corrections and that further delay would impede the con-sideration of the legislation or other meas-ure that is the subject of the hearing. 
RULE 17 . BROADCASTING OF HEARINGS  The provisions of clause 4(f) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives are specifically made a part of these rules by reference. In addition, the following policy shall apply to media coverage of any meet-ing of the full Committee or a Sub-committee: (1) An appropriate area of the Committee’s hearing room will be designated for members of the media and their equipment. (2) No interviews will be allowed in the Committee room while the Committee is in session. Individual interviews must take place before the gavel falls for the convening of a meeting or after the gavel falls for ad-journment. (3) Day-to-day notification of the next day’s electronic coverage shall be provided by the media to the Chairman of the full Committee through an appropriate designee. (4) Still photography during a Committee meeting will not be permitted to disrupt the proceedings or block the vision of Com-mittee Members or witnesses. (5) Further conditions may be specified by the Chairman. D. MARKUPS  
RULE 18 . PREVIOUS QUESTION  The Chairman shall not recognize a Mem-ber for the purpose of moving the previous question unless the Member has first advised the Chair and the Committee that this is the purpose for which recognition is being sought. 
RULE 19 . POSTPONEMENT OF PROCEEDINGS  The Chairman may postpone further pro-ceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving any measure or matter or adopting an amendment. The Chairman may resume proceedings on a postponed request at any time. In exer-cising postponement authority the Chairman shall take reasonable steps to notify Mem-bers on the resumption of proceedings on any postponed record vote. When proceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an under-lying proposition shall remain subject to fur-ther debate or amendment to the same ex-tent as when the question was postponed. 
RULE 20 . MOTION TO GO TO CONFERENCE  The Chairman is authorized to offer a mo-tion under clause 1 of rule XXII of the Rules of the House of Representatives whenever the Chairman considers it appropriate. 
RULE 21 . OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPTS OF MARKUPS  
AND OTHER COMMITTEE MEETINGS  An official stenographic transcript shall be kept accurately reflecting all markups and other official meetings of the full Committee and the Subcommittees, whether they be open or closed to the public. This official transcript, marked as ‘‘uncorrected,’’ shall be available for inspection by the public (ex-cept for meetings closed pursuant to clause 2(g)(1) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House), by Members of the House, or by Members of the Committee together with their staffs, during normal business hours in the full Committee or Subcommittee office under such controls as the Chairman of the full Committee deems necessary. The Chairman may provide a Member of the Committee with electronic access to an unofficial transcript of an open markup or other open official meeting of the full Com-mittee or a Subcommittee upon written re-quest by the Member to the Chairman, but the Member shall not cause such electronic unofficial transcript to be published or oth-erwise made publically available. If (1) the Office of Legislative Counsel in executing technical and conforming changes or (2) the Chief of Staff of the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation in the preparation of a Committee report determines (in consulta-tion with appropriate majority and minority committee staff) that it is necessary to re-view the official transcript of a markup, such transcript may be released upon the signature and to the custody of an appro-priate committee staff person. The official transcript of a markup or Committee meeting other than a public hearing shall not be published or distributed to the public in any way except by a major-ity vote of the Committee. Before any public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Feb 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17FE7.006 H17FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1312 February 17, 2017 
release of the uncorrected transcript, Mem-bers must be given a reasonable opportunity to correct their remarks. In instances in which a stenographic transcript is kept of a conference committee proceeding, all of the requirements of this rule shall likewise be observed. E. S
TAFF  
RULE 22 . SUPERVISION OF COMMITTEE STAFF  The staff of the Committee shall be under the general supervision and direction of the Chairman of the full Committee except as provided in clause 9 of Rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives concerning Committee expenses and staff. Pursuant to clause 6(d) of Rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Chairman of the full Committee, from the funds made available for the appointment of Committee staff pursuant to primary and ad-ditional expense resolutions, shall ensure that each Subcommittee receives sufficient staff to carry out its responsibilities under the rules of the Committee, and that the mi-nority party is fairly treated in the appoint-ment of such staff. f 
BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on February 16, 2017, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bills and joint resolution: 
H.R. 255. To authorize the National Science Foundation to support entrepreneurial pro-grams for women. H.R. 321. To inspire women to enter the aerospace field, including science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics, through mentorship and outreach. H.J. Res. 40. Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the So-cial Security Administration relating to Im-plementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007. f 
ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 3(b) of House Resolution 123, the House stands adjourned until 2:30 p.m. on Tuesday, February 21, 2017. Thereupon (at 1 o’clock and 2 min-utes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, Feb-ruary 21, 2017, at 2:30 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
588. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-613, ‘‘Extension of Time to Dispose of the Strand Theater Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 589. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-611, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 126, S.O. 14-17521, Act of 2016’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 590. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-610, ‘‘William Jackson Way Designa-tion Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93- 198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 591. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-614, ‘‘Janice Wade McCree Way Des-ignation Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 592. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-597, ‘‘Notice in Case of Emergency Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 593. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-619, ‘‘Campaign Finance Reform and Transparency Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 594. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-615, ‘‘Closing of a Public Alley in Square 453, S.O. 14-17847, Act of 2016’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 595. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-618, ‘‘Medical Marijuana Dispensary Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 596. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-616, ‘‘Council Independent Authority Clarification Amendment Act of 2016’’, pur-suant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 597. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-617, ‘‘Skyland Town Center Amend-ment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 598. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-643, ‘‘Certified Business Enterprise Bonding Liability Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 599. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-644, ‘‘Healthy Public Buildings Assess-ment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 600. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-612, ‘‘Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority Compact Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. SESSIONS (for himself, Mr. A
MODEI , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C OLE, Mr. ELLISON , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. H ILL, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. L ONG, Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn-sylvania, Mr. T
URNER , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. Y
OHO, and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska): H.R. 1200. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for collegiate housing and infrastructure grants; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself and Mr. K
EATING ): H.R. 1201. A bill to amend section 5000A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an additional religious exemption from the individual health coverage mandate, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. HANABUSA (for herself and Ms. G
ABBARD ): H.R. 1202. A bill to provide for environ-mental oversight and remediation activities at Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for him-self, Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. D
UFFY ): H.R. 1203. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to prohibit research with human fetal tissue obtained pursuant to an abortion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. STIVERS (for himself, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. B
LACKBURN , Ms. P IN-
GREE , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. T
IBERI , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. S INEMA , and Mrs. B
USTOS ): H.R. 1204. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide the opportunity for responsible health savings to all Amer-ican families; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD ): H. Res. 146. A resolution expressing support for the designation of February 22, 2017, as ‘‘National Heart Valve Disease Awareness Day’’, coinciding with American Heart Month; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas: H. Res. 147. A resolution expressing con-cern regarding the prevalence of hexavalent chromium in drinking water in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HIGGINS of New York: H. Res. 148. A resolution expressing support for the designation of ‘‘National Multiple Myeloma Awareness Month‘‘; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. K
IL-
MER, Mr. O’H ALLERAN , and Mr. C OFF-
MAN): H. Res. 149. A resolution amending the Rules of the House of Representatives to re-quire the House to meet 5 days a week for 39 weeks each year; to the Committee on Rules. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Feb 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17FE7.007 H17FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1313 February 17, 2017 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SESSIONS: H.R. 1200. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 1201. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress as stated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. HANABUSA: H.R. 1202. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 1203. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have the power to regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. STIVERS: H.R. 1204. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: H.R. 38: Mr. M CKINLEY . H.R. 76: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 90: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 179: Mr. R
OKITA and Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN . H.R. 449: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 489: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 539: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 544: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. G ALLAGHER . H.R. 553: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 795: Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Miss R
ICEof New York, and Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 804: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. M
CNERNEY , and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 1031: Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 1051: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 1059: Mr. L
ANCE , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. N EAL, Mr. C OLE, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. D ENT, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. S IMPSON , and Mr. D ELANEY  H.R. 1090: Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. K HANNA , and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1103: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Ms. T SONGAS . H.J. Res. 59: Ms. M
CSALLY . H. Con. Res. 22: Mrs. D
EMINGS and Mr. H
ECK. H. Res. 104: Mrs. L
OWEY . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:04 Feb 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A17FE7.003 H17FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE221 February 17, 2017 
HONORING BANCROFT ‘‘NICK’’ LITTLEFIELD 
HON. JOSEPH P. KENNEDY III 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 17, 2017 Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor the memory of Bancroft ‘‘Nick’’ Littlefield, a dear friend and dedicated public servant who passed away last week. Few in our country could match Nick’s ca-reer. From stages on Broadway to classrooms at Harvard Law School to courtrooms in New York City and eventually to the halls of this Capitol as an aide to my uncle Senator Ted Kennedy—Nick did it all. Always guided by the simple principle that our laws should help and protect our citizens, his fingerprints can be found on every page of landmark legislation such as the Children’s Health Insurance Program, Americans with Disabilities Act, Family Medical Leave Act and the 1996 minimum wage increase. As Senator Kennedy’s Staff Director for the Senate Health, Education and Labor Com-mittee from 1989 until 1998, he worked tire-lessly behind the scenes to enact bipartisan reforms to our health insurance market and mental health system that would ultimately lay the foundation for the Affordable Care Act. Each day he arrived at his Senate office, he brought a contagious enthusiasm for his work and extraordinary empathy for the people he served. For all of his peers, regardless of political party, and for me as well, he will always be an inspiration because of his faith in what our government can accomplish when we work to-gether. Even while battling the multiple system atro-phy that would leave him unable to walk, talk, write and sing, he considered himself ‘‘not en-tirely unlucky’’ to have the disease because it allowed him to ‘‘truly sympathize’’ with others who had disabilities. Mr. Speaker, because of Nick’s devotion to our country, those effected by once incurable illness have been healed, families struggling to care for a loved one are able to keep their job, millions of children have received the health care they need, and millions more who work for a living have been able to ensure that they do not live in poverty. His intelligence, compassion, and dedication were matched only by his devotion to his fam-ily. In this difficult time, my thoughts and pray-ers are with Nick’s wife, Jenny Lyman, as well as his stepchildren Frank, Tom and Kate. Our nation has lost a good man, but we are all better for the life he lived. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 17, 2017 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for the following Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted the following: 1. ‘‘NAY’’ on the Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of H.J. Res. 43 and H.J. Res. 69. 2. ‘‘NAY’’ on H. Res. 123. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KEEP TENNESSEE BEAUTIFUL ORGANIZATION 
HON. MARSHA BLACKBURN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 17, 2017 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, it’s with great honor that I rise today to recognize the Keep Tennessee Beautiful organization for re-ceiving the Keep America Beautiful State Affil-iate Innovation Award for their publication of Nancy and Sluggo Love Tennessee: A Story About Keeping Tennessee Beautiful. Written and illustrated by Guy Gilchrist, this story showcases the remarkable attractions, natural resources, and historic landmarks of the great state of Tennessee, all while pro-moting the importance of taking care of our community by recycling and not littering. Nancy and Sluggo Love Tennessee is a treas-ured keepsake that educates children and in-stills a sense of pride in being a Tennessean. As proven by their achievement, Keep Ten-nessee Beautiful does outstanding work in in-novatively educating and engaging the young minds in our community and I applaud their dedication to our state. 
f 
HONORING DR. JOHN ‘‘JACK’’ MANNING 
HON. JOSEPH P. KENNEDY III 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 17, 2017 Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor the memory of Dr. John ‘‘Jack’’ Manning who passed away last week at the age of 96. A life-long resident of Massachusetts, Jack attended Coyle High School in Taunton before enrolling at Boston College and earning his Medical Degree from Tufts University. Imme-diately after his graduation, he enlisted in the United States Navy and served aboard six warships from 1946 through 1950 as the only doctor. When he returned home, he started a family with his beloved wife, Lily, and opened a pedi-atric office in Fall River. While continuing to operate his own private practice, Jack volun-teered to become the Medical Director at a school for children with development disabil-ities. Through nearly 50 years at the school, he never accepted a penny for his services. Caring for those children became the cause of his life and he continued to fundraise for the school through the end of last year. More than his professional and community service work, it was his love for his wife and his family that always guided him. Shortly after opening his pediatric office, Lily contracted paralytic polio. At the age of 33, she would never walk again, and Jack would never leave her side. After two years in hospitals through-out Massachusetts, Lily returned to a ren-ovated home that accommodated her every medical need. Together they raised their sons, Jack and Mike. A little over a decade ago, when Lily re-turned to the hospital for the last time suffering from pneumonia, Jack was asked how he took care of his wife and their boys for so long. He replied that, ‘‘Ours is not a sad story. I love her just as much today as I ever did, and I know she would have done the exact same thing for me.’’ If only we could all be so lucky. On behalf of all the children who Dr. Man-ning treated and all of the people he inspired, I extend my thoughts and prayers to his family in this difficult time. f 
RECOGNIZING THE ACCOMPLISH-MENTS OF GRADUATING SENIOR BUFFALO STATE BENGALS WOM-ENS BASKETBALL PLAYERS SHYASHA SPENCER, TAYLOR GRAHAM AND JASMINE SHIRLEY 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 17, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize three exceptional members of the senior class at Buffalo State College, Shyasha Spencer, Taylor Graham and Jas-mine Shirley. During their collegiate careers, these young women have proven to be tal-ented and dedicated scholars and athletes. Their achievements on and off the court are worthy of praise and I congratulate them on the completion of their undergraduate de-grees. As members of the Buffalo State women’s basketball team, these students are known as leaders among their peers and teammates. I commend these young women for their dedi-cation to academics and athletics and con-gratulate them on the completion of their col-lege careers. Shyasha Spencer is from Geneva, New York and a graduate of Geneva High School. Shyasha is a Guard on the Buffalo State Ben-gals and will be earning a degree in Criminal Justice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Feb 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17FE8.001 E17FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE222 February 17, 2017 
Taylor Graham is a senior on the Buffalo women’s basketball team. The Guard leads the team in assists and steals. Taylor will re-ceive her degree in Business Administration. She attended Maria Carrillo High School in Santa Rosa, CA. Coming from Bronx, New York, Jasmine Shirley attended Lehman High School. She is majoring in Health and Wellness and is a Guard on the team. Balancing the responsibilities demanded of student athletes is a true challenge, and each of these students handled the test with dignity and grace. As an alumnus of Buffalo State, I will be proud to call them fellow alumni. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for allowing my colleagues to join me in recognizing these ex-traordinary Buffalo State Bengals and in con-gratulating them as they obtain their under-graduate degrees. Their dedication and drive will propel them to success, and I wish them all the best in their future endeavors. PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DAVID A. TROTT 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 17, 2017 Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, due to the funeral of a personal friend, I was unable to vote on Thursday, February 16, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 99, H.J. Res. 43, Providing for congres-sional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by Secretary of Health and Human Services relating to compliance with title X requirements by project recipients in selecting subrecipients and YEA on Roll Call No. 98, H.J. Res. 69, Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of the Interior re-lating to Non-Subsistence Take of Wildlife, and Public Participation and Closure Proce-dures, on National Wildlife Refuges in Alaska. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, February 17, 2017 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for the following Roll Call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted the following: 1.‘‘NAY’’ on the Motion on Ordering the Pre-vious Question on the Rule providing for con-sideration of both H.R. 428 and H.J. Res. 42 2. ‘‘NAY’’ on H. Res. 99 3. ‘‘NAY’’ on the Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of both H.J. Res. 66 and H.J. Res. 67 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Feb 18, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K17FE8.003 E17FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D179 Friday, February 17, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Chamber Action Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D164) 
H.J. Res. 38, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule. Signed on February 16, 2017. (Pub-lic Law 115–5) f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 May 18, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 5627 Sfmt 5627 E:\RECORD17\FEBRUARY\D17FE7.REC D17FE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD180 February 17, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 4:30 p.m., Monday, February 20 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2:30 p.m., Tuesday, February 21 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 2:30 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Blackburn, Marsha, Tenn., E221 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E221 Kennedy, Joseph P., III, Mass., E221, E221 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E221, E222 Trott, David A., Mich., E222  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:09 May 18, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\RECORD17\FEBRUARY\D17FE7.REC D17FE7