Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H4625 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 6, 2017 No. 96 
House of Representatives 
The House met at noon and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. B
ERGMAN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, June 6, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable J
ACK B
ERGMAN to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 1:50 p.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
D-DAY TRIBUTE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for 5 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the bravery and courage of so many men who sacrificed everything on D-day. At 5:52 in the morning on June 6, 1944, in a position about 4,000 yards from Omaha Beach, one of the oldest ships in the U.S. Navy, a World War I battleship, the USS Arkansas, opened fire on German positions at Omaha Beach in support of more than 30,000 American soldiers tasked with securing the beachhead. The countless heroes who stormed the beaches of Nor-mandy on that fateful day 73 years ago will never be forgotten. I had the honor of visiting this hal-lowed ground over Memorial Day, and while I was paying tribute to the brave soldiers who made the ultimate sac-rifice at the Normandy American Cem-etery and Memorial, an older French-man by the name of Mr. Vonclair ap-proached me simply wanting to honor his liberators. He said that he just wanted to thank an American. He was 10 years old when D-day occurred, and he will never forget how the United States of America came to his and so many others’ aid in the liberation of Europe from the Nazi menace. Mr. Vonclair’s love for America and our GIs speaks volumes about the goodwill and exceptional character of our great Nation. It is a privilege to offer my sincere tribute to the brave men who laid down their lives in the defense of those French and American shared convictions of liberty, equality, and fraternity. RECOGNIZING STAFF SERGEANT ROBERT DALE  
VAN FOSSEN  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition of one of Arkansas’ fin-est, Staff Sergeant Robert Dale Van Fossen of Greenbrier, Arkansas. On No-vember 22, 1952, a Douglas C–124A Globemaster II took off from McChord Air Base in Tacoma, Washington, head-ed for Elmendorf Air Force Base near Anchorage. Staff Sergeant Robert Dale Van Fossen, along with 51 others, was onboard. And near Middleton Island, in the Gulf of Alaska, the plane dis-appeared. Eight days after the plane’s dis-appearance, part of the wreckage was located some 50 miles east of Anchor-age. Unfortunately, a week into the search, the recovery team had to call off the effort due to weather condi-tions. The families of the victims were notified they would not have any re-mains to bury. Finally, in March 2016, after 64 years and extensive recovery efforts, Staff Sergeant Van Fossen’s remains were confirmed found and returned to his home in Heber Springs, Arkansas. I would like to extend my deepest condolences to the family of Staff Ser-geant Van Fossen and hope that they are now able to find peace that he is fi-nally home and in his final resting place. CONWAY BIKESHARE PROGRAM  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, last month we recognized National Bike Month and the many bicycling benefits that we have as citizens. I rise today to rec-ognize the city of Conway, Arkansas, for its installation of their successful public bikesharing program and to em-phasize its leading example of advo-cacy for an active lifestyle. As a long-time biker, I am pleased to see the city work to provide an alter-native and convenient source of trans-portation for residents of Conway to help relieve congestion and promote a healthier city. As a former board member of the Bi-cycle Advocacy of Central Arkansas, I am glad to see Conway’s bikesharing program as one more step on the path towards fulfilling the mayor’s vision of a vibrant, healthy, and bike friendly city. 
RECOGNIZING RICHIE ARNOLD ON HIS  
RETIREMENT  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition of a great Arkansan, a long-time Conway resident, and one of the pillars of the Conway Corporation, Mr. Richie Arnold. Mr. Arnold is retir-ing from his post as CEO after 39 years with the company. He hails from Har-rison and is a University of Arkansas graduate with a degree in accounting. He joined Conway Corporation as a manager of data processing before be-coming manager of finance and ac-counting and then ultimately the chief executive officer in 1998. During his tenure at Conway Cor-poration, he always worked to keep the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.000 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4626 June 6, 2017 
company ahead of the curve and was responsible for transitioning the util-ity to full computerization. Mr. Arnold was instrumental in assisting Conway Corporation in leading a path to diver-sifying services by adding new services for the citizens, such as digital cable, internet, telephone, security services, and water. Mr. Arnold recently earned a na-tional recognition after being listed in the ‘‘Regional 50’’ in Cablefax maga-zine. My congratulations and best wishes for Mr. Arnold’s future endeav-ors. 
IN HONOR OF THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF MR . 
HERMAN HIGGS  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Mr. Herman Higgs, a World War II veteran who celebrated his 100th birthday last month. Born in Calhoun County, Arkansas, Herman was drafted into the Army and served the entire span of World War II, including as a POW in the last year. He was a platoon sergeant of a transportation convoy that was captured in December 1944 during the Battle of the Bulge. In the spring of 1945, Patton’s army arrived, and Herman was freed, along with other American GIs and the Jew-ish prisoners who had survived the atrocities of the Third Reich. He was granted an honorable discharge a few months later and returned to Calhoun County, where he served 29 years as a police officer and 24 years as a U.S. marshal. The city of North Little Rock, Ar-kansas, dedicated May 13 as Herman Higgs Day. Herman’s example is one that all Americans and Arkansans can admire, and I would like to extend my congratulations to Herman for his life of service and this remarkable mile-stone of a centennial birthday. 
f 
HONORING DR. GAIL CARBERRY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the accomplish-ments of Dr. Gail Carberry of Quinsigamond Community College in Worcester, Massachusetts, who will be retiring after a decade of tireless serv-ice to the QCC family and over 40 years of inspiring students across the Com-monwealth. From early on, Dr. Carberry recog-nized the impact one committed teach-er can make in a young person’s life. She understands at her core that com-munity colleges present a trans-formative opportunity for students to be recognized for their talents and en-couraged toward their goals. Dr. Carberry is a passionate advocate for expanding access to the opportuni-ties that community colleges can pro-vide. Because of Dr. Carberry’s convic-tion that every student can achieve, QCC implemented a high school drop-out prevention program, and Dr. Carberry personally endowed over $200,000 in scholarships for local com-munity college students. She diversi-fied the students, faculty, and staff populations to better reflect the com-munity and implemented award-win-ning STEM programs to prepare stu-dents for the rapidly changing 21st cen-tury workplace. In keeping with her desire to equip her students with the skills they need to compete in the modern workforce, Dr. Carberry successfully opened a 72,000-square-foot campus in downtown Worcester dedicated to the college’s healthcare program, which not only ad-dressed the needs of QCC students, but reinvigorated a large portion of down-town Worcester. As a result of Dr. Carberry’s leader-ship, QCC has become a leading institu-tion of higher learning in Massachu-setts. This year, QCC graduated almost double the number of students it did only 10 years ago. Dr. Carberry has ex-ceeded fundraising goals and has in-creased enrollment by nearly 40 per-cent. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the city of Worcester, on behalf of the people of Massachusetts, and most importantly of all, on behalf of the students she has helped to achieve their dreams, I want to say thank you to Dr. Gail Carberry. We all owe her a heartfelt debt of grati-tude and wish her great satisfaction in her endeavors to come. f 
TAX REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, while our Nation faces many chal-lenges, perhaps none is more pressing than that of growing our economy. The positive impact of strong, sustained economic growth has the potential not only to help families make ends meet, but it will also address the many other pressures we face. The time is now for Congress and this administration to act on meaningful tax reform. The model is simple and straight-forward. We need to simplify the ridic-ulously complex Internal Revenue Code, eliminate the loopholes that allow corporations and individuals to avoid paying their fair share, lower the rates for middle class families and small businesses, and broaden the tax base. As a certified public accountant, an independent voice for the people of Bucks and Montgomery Counties, I in-tend to push vehemently to make tax reform a reality in this Congress. Moreover, this can and must be a bi-partisan priority. A 1.5 percent growth in GDP is sim-ply unsustainable. If that trend con-tinues, we will not be able to fund pri-orities such as bolstering our national security, taking care of our veterans, combating the addiction crisis, funding public education, preserving our envi-ronment, and a whole host of other pri-orities. Economic growth has three essential aspects: tax reform, regulatory reform, and a balanced budget. The REINS Act and the upcoming vote on the CHOICE Act will start this process on the regu-latory side, which will revive the abil-ity of community banks to support local economies and advance infra-structure investment that puts Ameri-cans back to work by rebuilding roads, schools, bridges, as well as our IT in-frastructure and the electrical grid. The other critical component is tax reform, and we owe it to the American people to get this done. I call on my good colleagues from both sides to put politics aside and do what we were sent here to do, and that is to stand up for hardworking families and unleash the power of the American economy. TYPE 1 DIABETES  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, over a million Americans, including 200,000 young Americans, are living with type 1 diabetes, an autoimmune disease in which a person’s pancreas stops producing insulin. This disease is fatal without strict adherence to a regimented schedule of multiple daily insulin injections or continuous pump infusions, along with close monitoring of blood glucose levels. My constituent Aislinn Keenan was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes when she was just 2 years old. She does not remember a day when she did not need to lance her finger multiple times a day to check her blood sugar or receive insulin injections. Despite these chal-lenges, Aislinn and her family serve as an inspiration to all those facing this disease. Through courage and persever-ance, they refuse to let type 1 diabetes stand in their way. Aislinn just fin-ished her sophomore year at Villanova University. The Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation projects that 5 million Americans will have type 1 diabetes by 2050, including 600,000 young people, yet only one-third of the people with type 1 diabetes are achieving safe blood glu-cose levels. Accordingly, I am urging my colleagues to fully fund the Na-tional Institute of Diabetes and Diges-tive and Kidney Diseases. Presently, there is no way to prevent type 1 diabetes and no cure for it once diagnosed. Only through robust fund-ing and exhaustive research at the NIH can we continue to drive scientific progress to make the lives of those liv-ing with type 1 diabetes safer and healthier. 
f 
b1215 HONORING SPECIALIST KERRY M.G. DANYLUK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to tell you about the new Army Specialist Kerry M.G. Danyluk Memorial in Yoakum, Texas, which was unveiled last week on Memorial Day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.002 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4627 June 6, 2017 
This new memorial, planned and funded by the Yoakum Rotary Club, honors Yoakum High School and Vic-toria College graduate Kerry Danyluk, who made the ultimate sacrifice for our Nation on April 15, 2014. Assigned to the 10th Mountain Divi-sion based at Fort Drum, New York, 27- year-old Army Specialist Danyluk was serving his second tour of duty in Af-ghanistan in support of Operation En-during Freedom. While conducting op-erations in the Logar province, enemy forces attacked Specialist Danyluk’s unit with small arms fire, critically wounding him. Despite an evacuation to Landstuhl Regional Medical Center in Germany, Specialist Danyluk suc-cumbed to his injuries. Danyluk’s awards include the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart, the Army Com-mendation Medal, the Army Achieve-ment Medal, the Army Good Conduct Medal, and more. Thanks to the generous actions of the Yoakum Rotary Club, Specialist Danyluk’s memory will live on. A special thank-you is also due all involved in helping plan and imple-ment the memorial. I am honored to represent communities like Yoakum and many others that are so grateful to those who serve our Nation. 
COACH JAMES MCMINN NAMED ALL -SOUTH TEXAS  
COACH OF THE YEAR  
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize one of my con-stituents, James McMinn, who serves as the assistant athletic director and head girls basketball coach at Flour Bluff High School and was recently named the All-South Texas Coach of the Year. Born and raised in Corpus Christi, Texas, Coach McMinn graduated from W. B. Ray High School in 1981 and con-tinued his education at Del Mar Col-lege and Corpus Christi State Univer-sity, now Texas A&M University Cor-pus Christi. Coach McMinn started his career at my alma mater, Incarnate Word Acad-emy in Corpus Christi, and he coached the Lady Angels to two separate State appearances. He began working in Flour Bluff in the fall of 1993 and recently concluded his 27th year as head basketball coach. Over that 27-year career, he accumu-lated an impressive record. His teams have advanced to postseason play 19 of those 27 seasons. He has taken the Lady Hornets to the regional tour-nament five times and advanced to the State tournament final four in the 2016–2017 season. Congratulations, Coach McMinn, on your outstanding coaching achieve-ments. I hope you have continued suc-cess at Flour Bluff and all of your fu-ture endeavors. 
TEXAS DELEGATES TO CONGRESS OF FUTURE  
MEDICAL LEADERS AND CONGRESS OF FUTURE  
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY LEADERS  
Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize four out-standing high school students from the 27th District of Texas who will be dele-gates to the Congress of the Future Medical Leaders and Congress of the Future Science and Technology Lead-ers later this month. Britney Goodwin, a junior at Rock-port-Fulton High School, excels in science and technology and was nomi-nated for the Congress of Future Science and Technology Leaders for her academic achievement, leadership potential, and passion for science and technology. Austin Thompson from Callallen High School, Nicole Morrison, a stu-dent at Incarnate Word Academy, and John Handleman from Corpus Christi will all be delegates at the Congress of Future Medical Leaders. These stu-dents were nominated by their teachers for their academic success and their desire to become future STEM leaders and medical professionals. Our country needs more doctors. Our country needs more science, tech-nology, and mathematics students to continue the technological revolution and continued innovation that our country needs. Congratulations, Britney, Austin, Ni-cole, and John. America is proud of you all. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 19 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: We give You thanks, God of the Uni-verse, for giving us another day. As the various Members of this peo-ple’s House return, we ask Your bless-ing upon each as they resume the dif-ficult responsibilities that await them. Give each the wisdom and good judg-ment needed to give credit to the office they have been honored by their con-stituents to fill. Bless the work of all who serve in their various capacities here in the United States Capitol. Bless all those who visit the Capitol this very day, be they American citi-zens or visitors or guests of our Nation. May they be inspired by this monu-ment to the noble idea of human free-dom and its guarantee by the experi-ment that is the United States’ demo-cratic Republic. God bless America, and may all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. D
UN-
CAN) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
NATIONAL DAIRY MONTH (Mr. EMMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the great men and women and their families that drive Minnesota’s dairy industry. This month is National Dairy Month. In fact, considering the amount of milk and other dairy products we consume on a daily basis in the United States and beyond, one could argue that we already remember and recognize our dairy farmers every day. In Minnesota, our dairy farmers produce nearly 10 billion pounds of milk each year. Our dairy farmers, along with their industry colleagues across the country, not only bring bil-lions of dollars to our economy, they are vital to a strong and healthy popu-lation. Our dairy farmers work extremely hard. Many, in addition to their dairy operation, have to maintain a job off the farm to make ends meet. So, during National Dairy Month, when you drink a glass of milk, have a milk-filled bowl of cereal, eat a piece of cheese or that cup of yogurt, let’s stop and remember the hardworking men and women of our dairy industry and their importance to our economy and their commitment to our health. 
f 
BIASED JOURNALISM IS UNACCEPTABLE (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, many years ago I received an undergraduate degree in journalism, was a reporter on a daily newspaper, and taught journalism for 1 year. In those years, there was a clear separa-tion between the front page and the editorial page. I don’t believe I have ever read a more biased, partisan, opinionated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.005 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4628 June 6, 2017 
paragraph in a ‘‘news’’ story than one that was on the front page of yester-day’s Washington Post. Philip Rucker does not now deserve the title of jour-nalist but, instead, should be referred to as a Democratic or leftwing hack. He wrote that a traditional President would have reacted carefully ‘‘to the London attacks by instilling calm, being judicious . . . and appealing to the country’s better angels.’’ Instead, he accused President Trump of react-ing ‘‘impulsively . . . stroking panic and fear, being indiscrete with details . . . and capitalizing on it to advocate for one of his more polarizing policies and to advance a personal feud.’’ Apparently, Mr. Rucker is so blinded by hatred for the President he cannot see straight and has written one of the most unfair, one-sided articles I have ever read in a ‘‘news’’ story in what used to be a newspaper. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF REUNIFICATION OF JERUSALEM (Mr. MESSER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, on the 50th anniversary of the reunification of Jerusalem and on behalf of Hoosiers from Indiana’s Sixth Congressional District, I rise today to send my pray-ers and best wishes to the Jewish state. It is our hope that the special rela-tionship between America and Israel continues to be strengthened and to grow. Israel is our most important friend in that region of the world and among America’s strongest allies any-where in the world. On this anniver-sary, let it be reaffirmed that Indiana and America stand with Israel. The Holy City is a place of prayer for all people, and this day provides us with an opportunity to pray for the Jewish state. May it remain a beacon of light, representing democracy and freedom, and may peace and prosperity reign for its people. The eternal capital of the State of Israel, Jerusalem, is also a seat of par-liament; and from one representative body to another, we say ‘‘Shalom’’ and ‘‘God bless.’’ Our prayers are with Israel today, tomorrow, and always. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable N
ANCY  P
ELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
JUNE5, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: Pursuant to Section 603 of the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub. L. 114–323), I am pleased to appoint the following individual to the Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission: Mr. Pete Gallego of Alpine, Texas Thank you for your attention to this ap-pointment. Sincerely, NANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader. f 
REAPPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE HARRY S. TRUMAN SCHOLAR-SHIP FOUNDATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s re-appointment, pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 2004(b), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Mem-ber on the part of the House to the Board of Trustees of the Harry S. Tru-man Scholarship Foundation: Mr. D
EUTCH , Florida 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 4:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 8 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1633 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee) at 4 o’clock and 33 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will postpone further proceedings today on motions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or on which the vote incurs objection under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
CONDEMNING VIOLENCE AGAINST PEACEFUL PROTESTERS OUT-SIDE THE TURKISH AMBAS-SADOR’S RESIDENCE Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 354) condemning the violence against peaceful protesters outside the Turkish Ambassador’s residence on May 16, 2017, and calling for the perpetrators to be brought to justice and measures to be taken to prevent similar incidents in the future, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 354 Whereas, on May 16, 2017, President Donald J. Trump hosted President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey, a longstanding NATO ally, for an official meeting at the White House to discuss counterterrorism coopera-tion and bilateral issues; Whereas, on the evening of May 16, 2017, over two dozen protesters gathered outside of the Turkish Ambassador’s residence in Washington, DC, to demonstrate opposition to Turkish government policies; Whereas after hours of peaceful protest, vi-olence erupted when pro-Erdogan supporters and individuals from the Turkish Embassy grounds pushed past District of Columbia po-lice officers to brutally attack the dem-onstrators; Whereas those Turkish officials blatantly suppressed the First Amendment rights of United States citizens, and multiple armed Turkish security officials beat, kicked, and choked unarmed demonstrators; Whereas multiple video recordings of the violence and reports by the Metropolitan Po-lice Department of the District of Columbia and the Department of State confirm that the demonstrators did not instigate the vio-lence; Whereas at least 11 individuals were seri-ously injured in the ensuing brawl, with two individuals requiring immediate hospitaliza-tion; Whereas separately, two armed Turkish se-curity officers attached to a security detail were detained for physically assaulting Fed-eral agents; Whereas those two Turkish security offi-cers were later released and subsequently al-lowed to leave the United States because they held Derived Head of State immunity; Whereas the Department of State did not request that Turkey waive the immunity for these two security officers in order to fully investigate the assault prior to their being released from custody; Whereas a joint criminal investigation into the incident is ongoing with the com-bined efforts of the Washington Metropolitan Police Department, the United States Secret Service, and the Department of State Diplo-matic Security Service; Whereas at no point was President Erdogan in danger; Whereas immunity for diplomatic per-sonnel and certain other foreign officials is a core principle, as is the right to protest peacefully and freely in the United States; Whereas this is the third instance of vio-lence perpetrated by members of Turkish President Erdogan’s security detail in United States territory; Whereas in 2011, a brawl erupted in the halls of the United Nations General Assem-bly between members of Turkish President Erdogan’s security detail and United Nations security officers, resulting in one United Na-tions security officer being hospitalized due to serious injuries; Whereas in 2016, members of Turkish Presi-dent Erdogan’s security detail engaged in unwarranted violence against journalists re-porting on an event at the Brookings Insti-tution; Whereas Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on May 21, 2017, that the violence out-side the Turkish Embassy was ‘‘outrageous’’ and ‘‘simply unacceptable’’; and Whereas the right to assembly, peaceful protest, and freedom of speech are essential and protected rights in the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That it is the sense of the House of Representatives that— (1) the rights to peacefully assemble and freely express one’s views are essential to the fabric of American democracy; (2) the Turkish security forces acted in an unprofessional and brutal manner, reflecting poorly on President Erdogan and the Govern-ment of Turkey; (3) any Turkish security officials who di-rected, oversaw, or participated in efforts by Turkish security forces to illegally suppress peaceful protests on May 16, 2017, should be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:36 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.007 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4629 June 6, 2017 
charged and prosecuted under United States law; (4) the United States Secret Service and the Diplomatic Security Service of the De-partment of State should review this inci-dent and confirm with the Turkish National Police the standards expected by visiting se-curity details to prevent future violent inci-dents; (5) the Department of State should imme-diately request the waiver of immunity of any Turkish security detail official engaged in assault in the United States prior to re-lease of that individual from custody; (6) the Department of State should conduct a review of its own security procedures to de-termine how to mitigate the likelihood of such an event in the future; (7) the United States respect for free speech requires officials of the United States to speak out against such incidents; and (8) the United States should take steps to strengthen freedoms for the press and civil society in countries such as Turkey, and combat efforts by foreign leaders to suppress free and peaceful protest in their own coun-tries. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gentle-woman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to begin by thanking the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, and also the gen-tleman from New York, the ranking member of this committee, Mr. E
NGEL , for working with us on this clear con-demnation of the violence against peaceful protesters outside the Turkish Ambassador’s residence in Washington, D.C., on May 16. That day, President Erdogan of Tur-key, a longstanding NATO ally, met at the White House to discuss counterter-rorism cooperation and to discuss bi-lateral issues. This was an important meeting. But that evening, armed members of the Turkish President’s se-curity detail brutally attacked dem-onstrators who had gathered outside the Turkish Ambassador’s residence on Sheridan Circle in Washington, D.C. They were there to protest various policies of the Turkish Government. In an unprovoked attack, armed Turkish personnel broke through D.C. Metropolitan Police lines and attacked the protesters. They choked, beat, and kicked the demonstrators until D.C. Metropolitan Police officers, and State Department Diplomatic Security were able to stop the melee and restore order. One woman was beaten unconscious. She testified before the Foreign Affairs Committee that she sustained brain damage as a result. A protester near her was beaten to the ground and re-peatedly kicked in the face. His front teeth were smashed. Mr. Speaker, what was the reason these and other American citizens were harshly beaten? They chose to exercise their con-stitutional right to free speech and as-sembly. They chose to criticize actions of President Erdogan’s government. The protesters got under the Turkish delegation’s skin. Let us be clear: at no time was Presi-dent Erdogan in danger. This was not an act of protection. It was an act of suppression on our American soil. The actions of the Turkish security detail were unprofessional and dan-gerous. You had armed security per-sonnel creating a melee. The actions were unjustified and, up to this point, have gone largely unchallenged. H. Res. 354 puts Congress firmly on record in clear, unmistakable terms condemning the actions of the Turkish security guards last month. The resolu-tion also demands that Turkey imme-diately lift diplomatic immunity for all those who assaulted U.S. citizens and law enforcement officers. This resolution also calls for the U.S. State Department and the U.S. Secret Service to review their security proce-dures and for them to convey to Turk-ish officials in clear terms the expecta-tions for the behavior of their security teams when they are operating in the U.S. Mr. Speaker, one of the most dis-turbing aspects of last month’s attack is that this assault by Turkish security officials was not an isolated incident. Rather, it was the third instance of vi-olence they have engaged in while op-erating in the United States in recent years. Passage of this resolution is an ap-propriate, strong response by this House to those brutal actions by Turk-ish forces. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution. I thank the Democratic and Republican leaders who introduced this resolution condemning the violence of the security detail at the Turkish Em-bassy here in the Nation’s Capital. I am not surprised at the bipartisan nature of this resolution coming from the top of Congress about the right to protest peacefully in our country. This was an assault, after all, not only on the protesters, but on one of our most important American values: the right to assemble and use the First Amend-ment to protest. Mr. Speaker, we must persist because I do not recall a demonstration like this. It was witnessed by the chief of police himself, Peter Newsham, and he, himself, is an eyewitness who declared that these protesters were all peaceful. There were also videos of the non-violent protesters being assaulted. Now, the United States and the pro-testers deserve an appropriate response from the Turkish Government. Instead, we received a farfetched shifting of blame from Turkey. That makes it all the more important because the shift-ing of the blame will lead some to be-lieve that we are responsible for what happened. Actually, we need to protest in the strongest terms because it turns out that this is part of a pattern. A similar incident occurred about a half dozen years ago at the United Na-tions, same head of state, same thugs attacking peaceful protesters. Last year—just this past year—there was an attack on journalists outside of The Brookings Institution. So if we don’t tell them it is time to stop when we have had the third at-tack, they will persist. That is for sure. We know who these security details are. They couldn’t have gotten into the country accompanying a head of state without telling us who they are. More-over, two of them were arrested, so we have their names. I have written the Secretary of State, Mr. Tillerson, to ask him to bar the reentry of these se-curity personnel; to hold them if they are still here; and to request informa-tion on whether they are entitled to immunity, and if they are, to have this immunity waived. We will not let the Turkish thugs who took on our protesters unprovoked hide behind immunity. It can be waived if it is present. It should be waived. These security personnel should be charged and prosecuted under U.S. law. Imagine, we would have done precisely the same if some of our security had behaved in this fashion in Turkey. There will be no justice to the citi-zens exercising their First Amendment rights who were stomped, kicked, and seriously injured until they and our country are vindicated with an appro-priate response from the Turkish Gov-ernment. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. S
ARBANES ), my good friend. Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Res. 354, which forcefully condemns the shocking assault carried out here on American soil, here in our Nation’s Capital, by trained para-military agents of the Turkish Presi-dential security force against a peace-ful assembly of protesters who were ex-ercising their First Amendment rights to freedom of speech. Video footage offers evidence that President Erdogan sanctioned the at-tack, and then calmly sat back to watch as his bodyguards carried it out. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.015 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4630 June 6, 2017 
b1645 Each of us in this Chamber must ask the question: What sort of foreign lead-er invited for an official visit by the President of the United States would conduct himself in such a reprehensible manner and would show such contempt for America’s commitment to human rights and civil liberties? Make no mistake. This is the same man who has ordered mass incarcer-ations in his own country, who per-secutes dissenters and jails democrat-ically elected officials, and who locks up journalists on a whim. In fact, he is the number one jailer of journalists in the world. The assault on innocent protesters in the streets of Washington, D.C., is en-tirely consistent with the impulses of an autocratic Turkey. It has unmasked President Erdogan for the bully that he is and offers Americans a teachable moment on the character of official Turkey. It reflects a deeply imbedded reflex that, in the modern era, has brought the world, among other things, the unlawful invasion and occupation of Cyprus, the Armenian genocide, and the violent repression of the Kurdish people. This incident demands more than just the prosecution of Erdogan’s secu-rity personnel or the expulsion of the Turkish Ambassador or the strong con-demnation of Erdogan himself, all of which should happen. It is time for a complete reevaluation of the U.S. rela-tionship with Turkey. We cannot pre-tend that it is business as usual with a foreign leader that has attacked our Nation’s most cherished democratic values on our very own soil. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time to close. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, this has been painful not only for the pro-testers, it is painful for our country be-cause Turkey is an ally. We have our differences with Turkey, but we are de-pendent on Turkey for security mat-ters. If this had never happened before, perhaps we could say that Turkey just doesn’t understand how we operate in this country. The fact that it was the third incident makes it particularly bothersome. Now, we are aware how sensitive this matter is. You cannot deal with a for-eign adversary who happens to be an ally at the same time as if he were sim-ply the enemy or our opponent. We have to understand the sensibilities of operating in the international sphere. But it is clear that Turkey doesn’t un-derstand that. I was particularly concerned that Mr. Erdogan was in his car the entire time. He could have gotten out of his car and called attention to his security detail. He could have asked a staff member to do the very same thing. Instead, he stayed in his car, got out after the se-curity detail from the D.C. police de-partment had calmed things, stood there and had nothing to say. If we let this third incident go by with no re-sponse or accept—or even seem to ac-cept—the Turkish response, that will be a signal to keep it up. So I am so pleased that my good friend on the other side and I are in unison on this. I am particularly pleased that this was not a resolution introduced by me or by my good friend, that this resolution was introduced by top leaders on the Republican and the Democratic side. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. H
OYER ), who is the Democratic whip of the House. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the Representative from the Dis-trict of Columbia, Ms. N
ORTON , for yielding. I want to thank Mr. R
OYCE for his continuing principled and focused leadership on issues that relate to for-eign policy, that relate to human rights, and that relate to international law. I appreciate very much his leader-ship. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that I was able to join with the majority leader, Mr. M
CCARTHY , my friend, in spon-soring this resolution. It is an appro-priate response to the terrible actions that were taken by security officers protecting Mr. Erdogan on his visit here. I rise in support of this resolution, which I am proud to have introduced along with the majority leader, Rank-ing Member E
NGEL , and Chairman R
OYCE . The assault on nonviolent dem-onstrators here in our Nation’s Capital on May 16 by Turkish security per-sonnel was an outrage. Our resolution makes it clear: the United States will not tolerate violence against peaceful protesters on our shores, and those re-sponsible must face justice. Turkey remains a critical NATO ally, but I am, nevertheless, extremely con-cerned, Mr. Speaker, by the fact that this is the third such incident in recent years, marking a pattern of violence by Turkish security personnel in the United States—unacceptable. Senator J
OHNMCCAIN—I won’t quote him, but his response was very direct and very basic. He, too, said this was unacceptable behavior, and he even suggested that perhaps the Turkish Ambassador ought to leave. I do not suggest that, but I do suggest the con-duct must change. It is unacceptable. Our resolution calls on the State De-partment to take appropriate actions to ensure that the Turkish Govern-ment understands that we will not allow this to happen again. There must be consequences to this unprovoked at-tack on peaceful American citizens in their own country, and those respon-sible should be charged and prosecuted by the United States. It should be clear to Turkey and to all nations that we will oppose any at-tempt to suppress dissent or the free-dom of speech. That is why that is in the First Amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States because our Founding Fathers and, frankly, those who follow Western values—and, yes, some Eastern values—believe that free speech is absolutely the sine qua non— an absolute essential—for democracy to succeed and to flourish. I want to thank Mr. ROYCE again for his principled leadership. I want to thank Ms. N
ORTON , and I want to thank the members of the Foreign Affairs Committee for their work on this reso-lution. I urge every Member of this House to join not only in passing it but sending this strong message not only to our Turkish allies but to all those who would come to these shores and understand that our citizens may well have something to say. They may say it with signs, they may say it with their voices, and they may say it by standing someplace in proximity; one of the facets of America is that they have the right to do that, and those who visit our shores must honor that right. Support this resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the remaining time for the minority will be controlled by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ). There was no objection. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in support of this measure. I want to thank Mr. H
OYER , the gen-tleman from Maryland. Let me start by thanking the chair-man of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. R
OYCE of California, for authoring this legislation and working to bring it to this floor. By now we have seen the footage. We went to the film and saw the footage of Turkish thugs attacking peaceful pro-testers during President Erdogan’s visit to Washington a few weeks ago. It is bad enough when we see govern-ments anywhere crack down on basic rights like the freedom of assembly or expression. It is bad enough to see that sort of oppression in the streets of An-kara or Istanbul, but it is becoming more and more common as Turkey slips towards authoritarianism. But to see that on the streets of Washington, D.C., is absolutely unac-ceptable—especially at the hands of foreign government officials who are guests in our country. We cannot allow these actions to remain unnoticed and to trample on our constitutional rights. We know that President Erdogan was never in danger. He simply decided to treat Americans the way he treats his own people. His guards even had the nerve to attack law enforcement offi-cials who were protecting him and his delegation. This behavior cannot stand, and the resolution before us sends a clear, deci-sive message that Congress won’t tol-erate it. The State Department must do whatever it takes to make sure that this does not happen again, and those responsible for these heinous acts must be held accountable. Charges must be filed and pursued. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.012 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4631 June 6, 2017 
I am glad to support this measure that puts the House on record saying that we won’t stand for this type of bully who attacks American citizens and American democracy. Mr. Speaker, free speech, free assem-bly, and free expression are at the core of any democracy across the world. Turkey is certainly a partner and an ally, and it is deeply concerning to see the steady erosion of democracy in that country. But we cannot tolerate that sort of behavior here in our country. When you are in the United States, you play by our rules, and that means obeying our laws and respecting our values. Those responsible for violence against American citizens should face the con-sequences. Otherwise, what is to stop them from doing this once again? Mr. Speaker, I support this measure, and I urge all my colleagues to do the same. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The violent attacks, Mr. Speaker, by officers assigned to Turkish President Erdogan’s security detail against peaceful protesters back on May 16 were designed to do one thing. They were designed to silence those pro-testers’ criticism of the Turkish Gov-ernment. That is why it is so impor-tant that we speak out. We must speak loudly and clearly that we will protect our citizens and their fundamental rights to free speech and to assembly. Turkey is an impor-tant and longstanding NATO ally, but the Turkish Government can and should do better than this, and it can start by addressing the concerns of the House of Representatives and many Americans who were very angered by the video capturing this disgraceful at-tack on these citizens. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 354, which con-demns the violence, on American soil, against peaceful protestors outside the residence of the Turkish Ambassador to the United States and calls for the perpetrators to be brought to justice. On May 16, 2017, the President hosted President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey for an official meeting at the White House to dis-cuss counter-terrorism cooperation and bilat-eral issues. That evening, over two dozen protestors peaceably assembled outside the Turkish Am-bassador’s residence in Washington, D.C., to voice their opposition to Turkish Government policies. It was not long before unprovoked violence erupted, when pro-Erdogan supporters and in-dividuals from the Turkish Embassy grounds pushed past District of Columbia police offi-cers to brutally attack the peaceful demonstra-tors. These Turkish officials violated the First Amendment rights of United States citizens, and multiple armed Turkish officials beat, kicked, and choked unarmed demonstrators. Multiple video recordings show the violence with which these demonstrators were at-tacked. The Metropolitan Police Department of the District of Columbia and the Department of State confirm that the demonstrators did not instigate the violence. Two armed Turkish officers attached to a security detail were detained at the scene for physically assaulting Federal agents but were later released and allowed to leave the United States because they held diplomatic immunity. Mr. Speaker, it is beyond dispute that the life of President Erdogan was never in any danger. It must be noted that immunity for diplomatic personnel and certain other foreign officials is a core principal but so is the constitutionally protected right to protest peacefully and freely in the United States. Mr. Speaker, this is the third instance of vio-lence perpetrated by members of Turkish President Erdogan’s security detail on United States soil. In 2011, a brawl erupted in the halls of the United States Nations General Assembly be-tween members of Turkish President Erdogan’s security detail and United Nations security officers, resulting in one United Na-tions security officer being hospitalized due to serious injuries. In 2016, members of Turkish President Erdogan’s security detail engaged in unwar-ranted violence against journalist reporting on an event at the Brookings Institution. On May 21, 2017, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson affirmed that violence outside the Turkish Embassy was ‘‘outrageous’’ and ‘‘sim-ply unacceptable.’’ It is imperative that the right to assembly, peaceful protest, and freedom of speech are not abridged because they are the bedrock of democracy. For this reason, the United States Secret Service and the Diplomatic Security Service of the Department of State should review this in-cident and confirm with the Turkish National Police the standards expected by visiting se-curity details to prevent future violent inci-dents. The Department of State should also con-duct a review of its own security procedure to determine how to mitigate the likelihood of similar events in the future. It is the duty of this House to stand for our ideals and take steps to strengthen freedoms for the press and civil society in countries such as Turkey, and oppose efforts by foreign leaders to suppress free and peaceful protest in their own countries. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, as an original cosponsor of H. Res. 354, I rise today in strong support passing this legislation to con-demn the reprehensible attacks outside the Turkish Ambassador’s residence on May 16. I am a proud member of the Congressional Caucus on Turkey and Turkish Americans. New Jersey’s Ninth District, and particularly my hometown of Paterson, has a large and thriving Turkish-American community and I cherish our close relationship. However, what happened last month was beyond the pale. The brutal attacks on peaceful protesters are an affront to our American values and core democratic freedoms of free speech and peaceful assembly. One of the individuals attacked by President Erdogan’s thugs was a constituent of mine from East Rutherford. As a college student, Ceren Borazan bravely joined her friends to peacefully protest President Erdogan’s policies in Washington D.C. Since President Erdogan has taken office, Turkey has cracked down on freedom of ex-pression, raided media outlets, and jailed judges, journalists, and civil servants in viola-tion of democratic norms. Outside the embassy Ceren was thrown to the ground and kicked by the Turkish security guards. During the attack a blood vessel in her eye burst and weeks later she is still re-minded of the trauma by nightmares and fears of retribution. While freedom of speech and freedom to protest may be prohibited in Tur-key, they are bedrock U.S. principles that must be safeguarded. Violence is never an appropriate response to free speech. To ensure such an incident never happens again on our soil, those involved in carrying out this attack must be brought to justice. They must be denied diplomatic immunity and prosecuted to the fullest extent of U.S. law. Mr. Speaker, we must pass H. Res. 354 today to call attention to these attacks and to ensure justice is carried out for people like Ceren. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD an editorial from The Star-Ledger ti-tled ‘‘Trump won’t denounce American thug-gery. Will he punish Turkey?’’ 
TRUMP WON’TDENOUNCE AMERICAN  T
HUGGERY . WILLHEPUNISH TURKEY ? (By Star-Ledger Editorial Board) Time to take stock of our rights of free speech and peaceful protest in this country, and what—if anything—President Trump has done to protect them. He’s been noticeably silent on the brutal beating of peaceful protesters in Washington, D.C. by the Turkish President’s thuggish bodyguards, on public property, right in front of our own police, fully caught on video. The violence was completely unprovoked, and happened shortly after Trump welcomed Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan to the Oval Office. Among others, a young woman from East Rutherford, Ceren Borazan, was put into a headlock and choked—popping a blood vessel in her eye— by a man who threatened to kill her. This is common practice in Turkey—which is why Trump needs to make it clear that it isn’t acceptable here. But perhaps the real problem is that it is increasingly acceptable here. Not just verbal and physical attacks against peaceful pro-testers, but against journalists, whom Trump has called ‘‘the enemy of the people.’’ In the past month alone, reporters have been arrested, slapped, pinned against a wall and choked for trying to do their jobs; most recently by newly-elected Montana congress-man Greg Gianforte, accused of body-slam-ming a journalist. He’s faced no real consequences. ‘‘Elections are about choices and Montanans made their choice,’’ Speaker Paul Ryan said Friday. Trump, who had lavished praise on Gianforte—‘‘a wonderful guy’’—added: ‘‘Great win in Montana.’’ Perhaps this is why the former Breitbart News reporter Michelle Fields, who was grabbed roughly by Corey Lewandowski last year when she tried to ask Trump a question, said some Republicans ‘‘have put party over civility.’’ The casualty isn’t just civility. Trump’s hostility toward the press—like his attempt to use the FBI to muzzle journalists—has led 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.013 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4632 June 6, 2017 
Reporters Without Borders to lower Amer-ica’s ranking on press freedom, measured by government restrictions and threats against the news media. We’re now ranked right below Burkina Faso, one of the world’s poorest countries. This failure to speak up for peaceful pro-testers and journalists began at Trump’s ral-lies, where his supporters threatened and committed actual violence against them. Since then, the United Nations has warned that the basic principle of peaceful protest is under attack in the United States. At least 19 states have introduced measures that would criminalize such protests. The very least the President can do is make some sort of distinction between what is tolerated here and in Turkey. Yes, it’s a NATO ally, and we have a complex relation-ship. But this is about protecting the free-dom of speech and assembly, and basic rules of law in our own country. The New York Times has publicly identi-fied the culprits, and New Jersey Rep. Bill Pascrell is among those leading the bipar-tisan charge to hold them accountable. If we can’t get to the thugs in Turkey, then the Trump administration should hold the dip-lomats here to account. Think about the message it sends if the Turkish government escapes this without so much as a slap on the wrist. A truly populist President, a defender of American freedoms, would stick up for the people—not the jack- booted thugs. 
Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H. Res. 354, condemning the violence perpetrated against peaceful pro-testers outside the Turkish Ambassdor’s resi-dence during Turkish President Erdogan’s visit last month. This timely and critically important measure was introduced by my good friend, and Foreign Affairs Committee Chairman, E
D R
OYCE . Mr. Speaker, as representatives of the American people, we take a solemn oath to ‘‘support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic.’’ This sworn commitment spurs us to speak out now after the violent attack last month on peaceful protesters in Washington, D.C. who were peacefully exercising their First Amendments rights. On that day a group of peaceful demonstra-tors—including a resident from my home state of New Jersey, Ceren Borazan—gathered out-side the Turkish Ambassador’s residence to protest the policies of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Shortly after President Erdogan’s arrival at the residence during his official visit to the United States, a contingent of his security guards, joined by some sup-porters, rushed across the street where the protesters were gathered. Before the dem-onstrators knew it, this group of thugs was upon them, throwing them to the ground and raining blows upon them. By now we are all familiar with the shocking video images captured of men in dark suits, some with guns, and others in plainclothes mercilessly kicking protesters in their faces while they lie helplessly on the ground. Some demonstrators were outnumbered four to one by their assailants who punched and man-handled them until DC police intervened. When police stepped in, some attackers turned to assault our uniformed officers. Among this group of protesters were Kurdish- and Armenian-Americans, members of minorities with a painful history of persecu-tion and marginalization in their ancestral homelands. These individuals came to the United States to seek the freedom and safety they were deprived in their lands of origin. The United States and its Bill of Rights are a promise to these people that must not be broken. That members of the President’s se-curity detail and others felt they could attack these sacred rights with impunity should of-fend us all. That Erdogan would calmly watch the melee unfold—as video evidence shows— is as galling as it is unsurprising. Indeed, just a year ago his security detail was involved in an all-too-similar incident at a public event in Washington. Mr. Speaker, the steps recommended by this measure should be urgently implemented. Among other things, the United States should charge and prosecute all those involved in the attack. The State Department should request a waiver of immunity for any Turkish officials charged and detained in connection with the incident. Finally, the United States should re-double its efforts to promote democracy and human rights in Turkey. Mr. Speaker, this was a brutal physical as-sault on a group of peaceful demonstrators in our nation’s capital and a brazen insult to all Americans. I urge my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join their voices and votes in strongly condemning this incident and calling for justice. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 354, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
b1700 IRAQ AND SYRIA GENOCIDE EMER-GENCY RELIEF AND ACCOUNT-ABILITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 390) to provide for emergency relief to victims of geno-cide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria, to provide ac-countability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 390 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Ac-countability Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) Religious and ethnic minorities in Iraq and Syria are persecuted groups, and the Secretary of State of State declared on March 17, 2016, that Daesh, also known as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), was responsible for genocide, crimes against hu-manity, and other atrocity crimes against several of these groups, including Christians and Yezidis. (2) According to the Department of State’s annual reports on international religious freedom, the number of Christians living in Iraq has dropped from an estimated 800,000 to 1,400,000 in 2002 to fewer than 250,000 in 2015, and the number of Yezidis living in Iraq has dropped from 500,000 in 2013 to 350,000 to 400,000 in 2015. (3) The annual reports on international re-ligious freedom further suggest that Chris-tian communities living in Syria, which had accounted for between eight and ten percent of Syria’s total population in 2010, are now ‘‘considerably’’ smaller as a result of the civil war, and that the population of approxi-mately 80,000 Yezidis in 2010 may now be larger because of refugees from Iraq. (4) Local communities and entities have sought to mitigate the impact of violence di-rected against religious and ethnic minori-ties in Iraq and Syria, including the Chaldean Catholic Archdiocese of Erbil (Kurdistan Region of Iraq), which has used private funds to provide assistance to inter-nally displaced Christians, Yezidis, and Mus-lims throughout the greater Erbil region, while growing needs and diminishing re-sources have made it increasingly difficult to continue these efforts. SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on the Judiciary, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. (2) F
OREIGN TERRORIST ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘foreign terrorist organization’’ mean an organization designated by the Secretary of State as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219(a) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189(a)). (3) H
UMANITARIAN , STABILIZATION , AND RE -
COVERY NEEDS .—The term ‘‘humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs’’, with re-spect to an individual, includes water, sani-tation, hygiene, food security and nutrition, shelter and housing, reconstruction, medical, education, and psychosocial needs. (4) H
YBRID COURT .—The term ‘‘hybrid court’’ means a court with a combination of domestic and international lawyers, judges, and personnel. (5) I
NTERNATIONALIZED DOMESTIC COURT .— The term ‘‘internationalized domestic court’’ means a domestic court with the support of international advisers. 
SEC. 4. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It is the policy of the United States to en-sure that assistance for humanitarian, sta-bilization, and recovery needs of individuals who are or were nationals and residents of Iraq or Syria, and of communities from those countries, is directed toward those individ-uals and communities with the greatest need, including those individuals from com-munities of religious and ethnic minorities, and communities of religious and ethnic mi-norities, that have been identified as being at risk of persecution, forced migration, acts of genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.022 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4633 June 6, 2017 
SEC. 5. ACTIONS TO PROMOTE ACCOUNTABILITY IN IRAQ AND SYRIA FOR ACTS OF GENOCIDE, CRIMES AGAINST HU-MANITY, AND WAR CRIMES. 
(a) A SSISTANCE .—The Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development are authorized to provide assistance, including financial and technical assistance, as nec-essary and appropriate to support the efforts of entities, including nongovernmental orga-nizations with expertise in international criminal investigations and law, to under-take the following activities to address crimes of genocide, crimes against human-ity, or war crimes, and their constituent crimes, in Iraq since January 2014: (1) The conduct of criminal investigations. (2) The development of indigenous inves-tigative and judicial skills, including by partnering, directly mentoring, and pro-viding equipment and infrastructure where necessary, for the purpose of effectively ad-judicating cases consistent with due process and respect for the rule of law. (3) The collection and preservation of evi-dence and the chain of evidence, including for use in prosecutions in domestic courts, hybrid courts, and internationalized domes-tic courts, consistent with the activities de-scribed in subsection (b). (b) A
CTIONS BY FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS .— The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Attorney General, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall encourage governments of foreign countries— (1) to include in appropriate security data-bases and security screening procedures of such countries information to identify indi-viduals who are suspected to have committed crimes of genocide, crimes against human-ity, or war crimes, and their constituent crimes, in Iraq or Syria, including individ-uals who are suspected to be members of for-eign terrorist organizations operating in Iraq or Syria; and (2) to prosecute such individuals for acts of genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes, as appropriate. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Secretary of State shall con-sult with and consider credible information from entities described in such subsection. 
SEC. 6. IDENTIFICATION OF AND ASSISTANCE TO ADDRESS HUMANITARIAN, STA-BILIZATION, AND RECOVERY NEEDS OF CERTAIN PERSONS IN IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, and Director of National Intelligence, shall seek to identify the following: (1) The threats of persecution and other early-warning indicators of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes against individuals— (A) who are or were nationals and residents of Iraq or Syria, are members of religious or ethnic minority groups in such countries, and with respect to which the Secretary of State has determined ISIS has committed acts of genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes since January 2014; or (B) who are members of other religious or ethnic minority groups in Iraq or Syria and are identified by the Secretary of State as persecuted groups. (2) The religious and ethnic minority groups in Iraq or Syria identified pursuant to paragraph (1) that are at risk of forced mi-gration, within or across the borders of Iraq, Syria, or a country of first asylum, and the primary reasons for such risk. (3) The humanitarian, stabilization, and re-covery needs of individuals described in paragraphs (1) and (2), including the assist-ance provided by the United States and by the United Nations, respectively, to address the humanitarian, stabilization, and recov-ery needs, and mitigate the risks of forced migration, of individuals described in para-graphs (1) and (2) and assistance provided through the Funding Facility for Immediate Stabilization and Funding Facility for Ex-panded Stabilization. (4) To the extent practicable and appro-priate, the entities, including faith-based en-tities, that are providing assistance to ad-dress the humanitarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of individuals described in paragraphs (1) and (2) and the extent to which the United States is providing assist-ance to or through such entities. (b) ADDITIONAL CONSULTATION .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of State shall consult with, and consider credible in-formation from, individuals described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of such subsection and entities described in paragraph (4) of such subsection. (c) A
SSISTANCE .—The Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development are authorized to provide assistance, including financial and technical assistance as nec-essary and appropriate, to support entities described in subsection (a)(4) that the Sec-retary and Administrator determine have ac-cess, and are capable of effectively managing and delivering such assistance, to the indi-viduals described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of such subsection. 
SEC. 7. REPORTS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall sub-mit to the appropriate congressional com-mittees a report on the following: (1) A detailed description of the efforts taken, and efforts proposed to be taken, to implement the provisions of this Act. (2) An assessment of the feasibility and ad-visability of prosecuting individuals for whom credible evidence exists of having committed acts of genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes in Iraq since Janu-ary 2014 or Syria since March 2011 in domes-tic courts in Iraq, hybrid courts, and inter-nationalized domestic courts, and of the measures needed to ensure effective criminal investigations of such individuals, and to ef-fectively collect and preserve evidence, and preserve the chain of evidence, for prosecu-tion. (3) Recommendations for legislative rem-edies and administrative actions to facilitate implementation of this Act. (b) F
ORM.—The report required under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex if necessary. 
SEC. 8. PROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL FUNDING. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act. This Act shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin by rec-ognizing the efforts of our colleague, Mr. SMITH. Mr. S MITH of New Jersey is chairman of the Subcommittee on Afri-ca, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organiza-tions. We appreciate his strong leader-ship on this critical issue. And, as al-ways, I also appreciate Ranking Mem-ber E
NGEL for his support. Mr. Speaker, more than 6 years ago, the world watched with dread as Syr-ian dictator Bashar al-Assad ordered action against what were peaceful protestors coming down the main bou-levard in Damascus. We watched on CNN and international television. As they were saying it was peaceful, we then saw the automatic weapons of the regime open up and mow them down. What has followed has been year after year of mass atrocities as Assad seeks to break the Syrian people. Building on the vacuum created by Assad, ISIS burst onto the inter-national stage in 2014 by declaring themselves and their supposed ‘‘caliph-ate’’—and committing obscene, horrific acts in an effort to spread their nihi-listic, death-filled ideology. We also saw that they targeted any-one unlucky enough to cross their path across Syria and Iraq. Yet, oddly enough, the regime in Syria did not target ISIS. They were too busy car-rying out their campaign against the people of Syria—protesters, the Free Syrian Army, and others—who were pushing back against the regime. Here, alongside the nightmare that Assad created, came this new night-mare of ISIS. These two evils, as I call them, ISIS and Assad, exist side by side, perpetrating extreme violence on anyone who would oppose their grip on power. ISIS is committing genocidal vio-lence against Yazidis and Christians in Syria and Iraq, seeking to destroy their entire communities and to erase their shared histories. Assad is com-mitting massive crimes against hu-manity, targeting men, women, and children from all sects, all religions, and all groups, as documented by Cae-sar, a military photographer who snuck out photos of what goes on in Assad’s prisons, documenting the tor-ture and death of tens of thousands of citizens in Syria. More than a year after the Obama ad-ministration, under intense congres-sional pressure, finally declared that ISIS’ actions against the religious communities of Iraq and Syria con-stituted ‘‘genocide,’’ there is still an urgent need for assistance to these vul-nerable communities. These commu-nities, which exist on the outskirts in Syria and on the borders, have been devastated by ISIS’ efforts to wipe them out. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.018 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4634 June 6, 2017 
These ancient communities, whose roots go back centuries, include Chris-tians, Yazidis, Assyrians, Syriacs, Turkomans, and many others. Their presence in Iraq and Syria is crucial to the social fabric of these nations. While the U.S. has been generous in providing assistance to those targeted, their needs are still urgent and ex-treme. Whole communities have been displaced, enslaved, and slaughtered. Survivors need assistance in feeding and clothing their families and in be-ginning to address the extreme trauma caused by ISIS and Assad. This bill offers additional immediate relief for these vulnerable communities and also directs the State Department to do more to support efforts to collect and preserve evidence of ‘‘genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes’’ so that, someday, justice might be served. I urge Members to support this bill so that the possibility of justice and ac-countability for these atrocities can give hope to those suffering today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY , Washington, DC, April 24, 2017. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN ROYCE : I write with re-spect to H.R. 390, the ‘‘Iraq and Syria Geno-cide Emergency Relief and Accountability Act.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions within H.R. 390 that fall within thc rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I forego any further consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. The Judiciary Committee takes this action with our mutual understanding that by fore-going consideration of H.R. 390 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legisla-tion and that our committee will be appro-priately consulted and involved as this bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appro-priate number of conferees to any House- Senate conference involving this or similar legislation and asks that you support any such request. I would appreciate a response to this letter confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 390 and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be in-cluded in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 390. Sincerely, B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, April 24, 2017. Hon. B
OBGOODLATTE , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN GOODLATTE : Thank you for consulting with the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee and agreeing to be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 390, the Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Accountability Act of 2017, so that the bill may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I agree that your forgoing further action on this measure does not in any way dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of your com-mittee, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerog-atives on this resolution or similar legisla-tion in the future. I would support your ef-fort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legisla-tion. I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 390 into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the resolution. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work to-gether as this measure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, EDWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this measure. I, again, want to thank Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL , who have worked in a bipartisan way to bring this important measure before us today. I would also like to thank Mr. S
MITH and Ms. E SHOO for their work on this bill, the Iraq and Syria Emergency Genocide Act, and for their tireless efforts on behalf of religious minorities in the Middle East. It is often easy to look away in the face of these atrocities, Mr. Speaker, but these lawmakers have made sure that we stay focused on preventing genocide and promoting accountability in this part of the region. On March 17, 2016, Secretary of State John Kerry said: ‘‘In my judgment, ISIS is responsible for genocide against groups and areas under its control, in-cluding Yazidis, Christians, and Shia Muslims . . . the United States will strongly support efforts to collect, doc-ument, preserve, and analyze the evi-dence of atrocities, and we will do all we can do to see that these perpetra-tors are held accountable.’’ The House had urged the Secretary to designate the crimes against minori-ties in Iraq and Syria as ‘‘genocide,’’ and the measure before us today fol-lows up on those efforts. It is tragic that a bill like this remains necessary. Unfortunately, ISIS continues to tar-get religious minorities, including Christians, Yazidis, and Shia. We have seen overwhelming evidence of forced migration, execution, rape, starvation, enslavement, amputation, and public lashings. In Raqqa, which ISIS has declared capital of the caliph-ate, children are forced to watch videos of mass executions in order to desen-sitize them to this level of violence. ISIS remains an ongoing threat, and its campaign of violence and persecu-tion is an ongoing tragedy for the peo-ple across the region. This bill would respond to that part of the challenge. It states that American assistance for humanitarian, stabilization, and recov-ery should go to those individuals and communities with the greatest need. That includes communities of religious and ethnic minorities. The bill also will help ensure that those responsible for this violence and persecution are brought to justice. It pushes USAID to assist in the efforts to conduct criminal investigations and help develop skills on the ground to collect evidence and press these cases. This legislation is supported by the Knights of Columbus, U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, HIAS, Yazidi Human Rights Organization-Inter-national, and several other organiza-tions. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), the au-thor of this bill and also the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Orga-nizations. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished chairman for yielding, and I thank him for his leadership on this bill. I want to thank Ranking Member E
NGEL for his support and also Majority Leader M
CCARTHY for making sure this bill came to the floor. Without that, we wouldn’t be here, so I want to thank him especially for his support. Mr. Speaker, I start off by saying that, since 2013, I have chaired nine congressional hearings focused in whole or in part on atrocities in Iraq and Syria. The distinguished chairman has had another dozen or so such hear-ings that have brought to light these atrocities. In one of our hearings in December of 2015, Gregory Stanton, president of Genocide Watch, testified that ‘‘weak words are not enough,’’ noting that 21 human rights organizations, genocide scholars, and religious leaders wrote to President Obama imploring him to rec-ognize the ISIS genocide. At that same hearing, Chaldean Bishop Francis Kalabat said that ‘‘since the fall of Mosul in early June 2014, Christians have endured targeted persecution in the form of forced dis-placement, sexual violence, and other human rights violations.’’ He said, ‘‘ISIS has committed terrific atrocities against the Yazidis,’’ and then he bot-tom-lined it and said the Christians are ‘‘under threat of extinction.’’ On May 9, 2016, the House passed J
EFF FORTENBERRY ’s genocide resolu-tion 393–0. A few days later, Secretary of State John Kerry declared ISIS atrocities to be a genocide. The existential threat to Christians and Yazidis and other minority faiths, however, continues to this day. Some of the fortunate ones have made it to the relative safety of Erbil but, aston-ishingly, have gotten no assistance from the United States Government. Since 2014, as a matter of fact, the Chaldean Catholic Archdiocese of Erbil has provided almost all of the medical care, food, shelter, and education re-ceived by over 13,200 Christian families, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.016 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4635 June 6, 2017 
almost one-third of the Christians re-maining in Iraq, who escaped ISIS. The archdiocese also provides assistance to Yazidis and Muslims. The funding for all of this has been private, with money from Knights of Columbus, Aid to the Church in Need, and a few oth-ers. Carl Anderson, Supreme Knight of the Knights of Columbus, which has do-nated more than $12 million to the ef-fort, testified in one of my hearings and said the Knights and other private sources have responded. ‘‘But non-governmental organizations can only do so much.’’ ‘‘The rich tapestry,’’ as he pointed out, ‘‘of religious pluralism in the re-gion must be preserved now or it will be lost forever,’’ noting that there has been an 80 percent decline of Christians in Iraq and 70 percent in Syria. He said: ‘‘With its loss will come in-creased instability and threats to our own security and that of the world. ‘‘We have a unique opportunity—and, some would say, unique responsi-bility—to protect the victims of geno-cide.’’ Mr. Speaker, just before Christmas of last year, I traveled to Erbil with a staff delegation at the invitation of the Chaldean archbishop, Bashar Warda, to meet with survivors and to visit an in-ternally displaced person camp of about 6,000 individuals. Both my staff and I were amazed and inspired by the genocide survivors’ resiliency and deep faith in the Lord, despite the cruelty that they had endured. b1715 There was so much joy, love, and courage despite the loss of family and friends to ISIS. They had deep hope. The children sang Christmas carols—it was December 23 when we were there— with smiles and with reverence. The leaders, especially Archbishop Warda, trusted in God while working unceas-ingly and unselfishly for others. Because the needs on the ground have always exceeded private support, the archdiocese has had to battle chronic funding crises over these last several years. Archbishop Warda told me recently that they had to tempo-rarily suspend their distribution of medicines, and are on track to run out of money for food sometime this June. H.R. 390 provides authority and direc-tion to the secretary and the adminis-trator of USAID to identify the human-itarian, stabilization, and recovery needs of these communities. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield the gentleman an additional 2 minutes. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. This bill also authorizes and directs the sec-retary to fund entities, including faith- based ones, that are effectively pro-viding assistance to meet those needs on the ground. It addresses another urgent aspect of this crisis: evidence linking specific ISIS perpetrators to specific atrocity crimes that is being destroyed or lost. And we have seen this in the past in Rwanda, in Sierra Leone, and in the former Yugoslavia. You have got to collect the information that is action-able in order to prosecute these crimes against humanity. This legislation di-rects that, and that is why it has the support of all four former U.S. Ambas-sadors at Large for war crimes issues. It also directs the Secretary of State to work with foreign governments to ensure that they are including identi-fying information about suspected per-petrators in their security databases and security screening and are pros-ecuting perpetrators of these horrific crimes. President Trump and Vice President P
ENCE have strongly, publicly, and re-peatedly committed the administra-tion to providing relief to Christians, Yazidis, and other genocide survivors. This legislation tangibly supports this commitment and is a blueprint for ac-tion. I especially want to thank tonight the coauthor of this legislation, A
NNA E
SHOO . Her tireless efforts on behalf of all Christians and other persecuted re-ligious minorities has been really fan-tastic, and I want to thank her for that and for working so cooperatively to-gether with me and my staff and the full committee staff. I would also like to thank the great staff work of Nathaniel Hurd, Piero Tozzi in my office, Matt McMurray in A
NNA ESHOO ’s office, Doug Anderson and Joan Condon in the House Foreign Affairs Committee, and Roger Mahan and Luke Murry in the majority lead-er’s office. And, as always, I want to thank Kelly Dixon, who ultimately helped us bring this legislation to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the statement of Mr. Carl A. Anderson before the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. 
OPENING STATEMENT OF MR. CARLA. A NDER -
SON, SUPREME KNIGHT , KNIGHTS OF COLUM -
BUS (Before the Subcommittee on Africa, Glob-al Health Global Human Rights and Inter-national Organizations of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, U.S. House of Representa-tives, at a hearing titled The ISIS Genocide Declaration: What Next?, May 26, 2019) Thank you for the opportunity to appear before this subcommittee and to discuss the next steps that need to be taken needed to protect the survivors of ongoing genocide in Iraq and Syria. Let me begin by saying that the House of Representatives, the State De-partment and the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom are all to be commended for the important step of declaring the situation confronting Chris-tians and other religious minorities in the Middle East genocide. The world’s greatest humanitarian crisis since World War II is unfolding now in the Middle East. In addition to millions of refu-gees, many of the region’s indigenous com-munities now face extinction. These commu-nities may disappear in less than a decade. But their fate is not inevitable. The United States can avert this unfolding tragedy. A UNIQUE HISTORICAL MOMENT  Around the world, people of good will, Mus-lim and non-Muslim alike, wish to differen-tiate themselves from the horrific and vio-lent theology espoused by ISIS. It is certainly true that such extremists make up a small percentage of Muslims over-all. But among the world’s billion Muslims, the majority simply want to raise their fam-ilies in peace and are scandalized by what ISIS is doing in the name of Islam. Prominent Islamic leaders and scholars from around the world have recently taken an important step in the Marrakesh Declara-tion. Attempts such as this, which seek to align Islam with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights should be supported. At the same time, it is clear that Chris-tians, and other indigenous minorities, are experiencing genocide, at the hands of the Is-lamic State and related groups. Their plight is now at the top of the world’s agenda in a way that it never has been before. These factors together create an unparal-leled opportunity for the United States, and for all those opposed to ISIS’ radical vision— Muslims and non-Muslims alike—to advance an agenda of equality, justice, peace, and ac-countability in the region. 
SIX PRINCIPLES FOR SOUND POLICY IN THE  
REGION  The United States can avert the extinction of indigenous religious and ethnic commu-nities in Iraq and Syria with a policy that contains the following six principles: (1) Increase aid and ensure that it actually reaches those most in need; We are reliably informed that official gov-ernment and U.N. aid does not reach the Christian genocide survivors in Iraq and Syria. Repeatedly, we hear from Church leaders in the region that Christians—and other genocide survivors—are last in line for as-sistance from governments. Significantly, the Archdiocese of Erbil, where most Iraqi Christians now live, receives no money from any government whatsoever. If assistance from outside Church affiliated agencies ends in Erbil, Christians there will face a cata-strophic humanitarian tragedy within 30 days. The situation is similar in Syria, ac-cording to Christian leaders there. Those who face genocide are a tiny frac-tion of the population. They often must avoid official refugee camps because they are targeted for violence there by extremists. As a result, these minorities often do not get ‘‘official’’ aid. This will continue to be the reality unless specific action is taken to bring the aid to where these minorities are forced to reside by continuing violence. The Knights of Columbus and others pri-vate sources have responded to this situa-tion. Since 2014, we have raised more than $10.5 million for relief, assisting Christians and other internally displaced persons and refugees in Iraq, Syria, Jordan, and Lebanon. We have partnered with dioceses and reli-gious agencies working in the region to pro-vide general relief, food, clothing, shelter, education, and medical care. In doing so we assist both Christians and non-Christians. We are also working with church entities to ensure that they are making use of all gov-ernment or U.N. resources available. But non-governmental organizations can only do so much. Government aid is essential to the long-term survival of these indigenous religious and ethnic minorities. It is urgent that Congress appropriate funding to save those who have escaped genocide. I urge you to consider special emergency appropria-tions, however modest, to improve the hu-manitarian conditions on the ground in Iraq. This funding, whatever the vehicle, should come with mechanisms in place—reporting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:51 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.017 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4636 June 6, 2017 
requirements and oversight—to ensure that American aid does not get diverted from its intended purpose. (2) Support the long-term survival in the region of these ancient indigenous religious and ethnic communities; In Iraq, the Christians population has de-clined by more than 80 percent, and in Syria by nearly 70 percent. American policy should recognize the im-portant differences in the situations of those fleeing violence and those targeted for geno-cide. And we should prioritize the latter. Consider this analogy. After World War II, there were approximately 50 million refu-gees, and only a small fraction were Jews. Yet the world understood that Jews, who had survived genocide, faced a qualitatively dif-ferent situation, and deserved heightened consideration. The same is true today for the indigenous religious and ethnic minorities of the region. They have an indisputable right to live in their country—in whatever region of it they wish. Depending on the circumstances, this may mean where they are originally from, or where they find themselves now, but as sur-vivors of an ongoing genocide, they deserve to be prioritized, not left behind by Amer-ican policy decisions. (3) Punish the perpetrators of genocide and crimes against humanity; The United States should support action by the U.N. Security Council to refer key perpetrators of genocide for prosecution. Equally important, we should support the Iraqi Central Government and the Kurdish Regional Government’s adjudication of the cases of thousands of ISIS fighters and sup-porters who currently remain in local deten-tion centers. As the population of captured ISIS fighters increases, local detention centers and jails risk becoming their own humanitarian issue. The need to improve this situation cannot be overstated. Additionally, although substantial evi-dence of genocide exists, the United States should cooperate in taking further action to develop additional documentation and pres-ervation before physical evidence is lost. Ap-propriations intended to assist in the adju-dication of ISIS fighters will be critical in the coming months. (4) Assist victims of genocide in attaining refugee status. A news report last week indicated that of the 499 Syrian refugees admitted to the U.S. in May, not one was listed as being Christian or as explicitly coming from any of the groups targeted for genocides. How long will this situation be allowed to continue? The U.S. should appropriate funding and work with the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees to make provisions for locating and providing status to individuals—such as Yezidis and Christians—that have been tar-geted for genocide. Many of these genocide survivors fear going into official U.N. refugee camps, where they are targeted. Thus they are overlooked, and find it nearly impossible to acquire official refugee status or immi-grate. Congress should act now. Senator Tom Cotton has introduced the Religious Persecu-tion Relief Act, S. 2708, to provide for over-looked minorities in the prioritization of ref-ugees. We support this bill and urge its pas-sage. (5) Prepare now for foreseeable human rights challenges as ISIS-controlled terri-tory is liberated by ensuring that Christians and other minorities have equal rights to de-cide their future; We should prepare now for the con-sequences of the liberation of ISIS controlled areas, including Mosul and the Nineveh Re-gion, as well as regions in Syria. We are like-ly to see another humanitarian crisis as ci-vilians flee the fighting or return to their former communities when fighting ceases. There has been much debate concerning plans for victims of genocide in Iraq. Some have argued for returning people safely to the Nineveh Region, others that they should be allowed to stay in Kurdistan, still others that they be allowed to immigrate. But these are not necessarily mutually exclusive, com-peting proposals. People should be allowed to decide their own future. And when they do, we should work to ensure they are treated with fairness, dignity and equality. This also means that it will be increasingly important to ensure that the property rights and claims of minority groups are respected. (6) Promote the establishment of inter-nationally agreed upon standards of human rights and religious freedom as conditions for humanitarian and military assistance. The United States should advocate for full and equal rights for religious and ethnic mi-norities in the region in exchange for our military and humanitarian aid. A necessary first step to prevent genocide is to overcome the social and legal inequality that is its breeding ground. Religious hatred, discrimination and sec-ond-class citizenship too often constitute a way of life in the region—and it is a way of life that is an antecedent to genocide. We cannot accept one standard for human rights in the region and another standard for the rest of the world. The guarantees in the Universal Declara-tion of Human Rights—and the First and Fourteenth amendments to our own con-stitution—regarding equality under the law and freedom of speech and religion must be-come a reality for all citizens of Iraq, Syria and elsewhere throughout the region. 
CONCLUSION  The rich tapestry of religious pluralism in the region must be preserved now or it will be lost forever. With its loss will come in-creased instability and threats to our own security and that of the world. We have a unique opportunity—and some would say, unique responsibility—to protect the victims of genocide. The United States can provide such protection with a policy that includes the principles outlined above. Mr. Chairman, thank you very much for your leadership and that of the members of this subcommittee. 
Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. The only way for the people of Iraq and Syria to find peace and stability in the coming years is to move towards more inclusive governing, ensuring that minorities have a stake in the way their countries are run, and for those responsible for violence to face justice. It is as simple as that. This legislation is a recognition that there are no military solutions in the Middle East; rather, the best way for-ward is to address the underlying causes that led to the creation of ISIS so we can prevent the next ISIS from rising up from the ashes in Iraq and Syria. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. Just in speaking about the condi-tions of the Christian community, out-side of Erbil, like Chairman S
MITH, I had the opportunity last year to speak to Archbishop Warda and to many of those Christian families that have sur-vived, and to see many of the children that are struggling there. I did want to commend the Knights of Columbus, the archbishop, and Catholic Charities for their sustained effort, which goes not only to this Christian community, but also the neighboring Yazidi community. These communities have no other means of support. I think that as we reflect upon this, beyond the genocidal actions of ISIS, we have also seen the depravity of the Assad regime, which has engaged in a massive effort to destroy anyone, re-gardless of sect or religion or eth-nicity, if they suspect them of being unwilling to bow to Syria’s murderous dictator. None are safe. I say ‘‘suspect’’ because so many of those who were tortured to death to give up other names are simply caught up in a web of intelligence services who go out and try to find those who they believe may not be loyal. And they haul them in for torture. And under the knife, many of these people will give up names of other families, whoever they can remember, whoever they know who may or may not in any way be involved in politics, but then find themselves in those same torture chambers. The result of this kind of a society year after year breeds a sense of abso-lute hopelessness, of blowback, of prob-lems throughout Syria from which, I must say, I suspect this long climb back is going to be a very difficult one. At the end of the day, though, it is still absolutely imperative that those responsible for those hideous crimes be held accountable. A key aspect of any lasting peace is going to be account-ability, because a renewal of trust and the prospect of justice is going to be based on some measure on whether we are going to hold to account those who committed those kinds of crimes, those who led to this kind of horror. Whether it is Assad’s regime or whether it is ISIS, there is so much devastation left in the wake. I urge Members to support this reso-lution so that the possibility of peace can be sustained by the hope that jus-tice will prevail. I again thank Mr. SMITH for authoring this measure. I also thank Ranking Member E
NGEL for his passionate leadership on the crisis in Syria for so many years. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, since 2013, I have chaired nine Congressional hearings focused, in whole or in a large part, on atrocities in Iraq and Syria. At one hearing in December of 2015, Pro-fessor Gregory Stanton, President of Geno-cide Watch testified that ‘‘weak words are not enough’’ noting that twenty one human rights organizations, genocide scholars, and religious leaders wrote to President Obama imploring him to recognize the ISIS genocide. At the same hearing, Chaldean Bishop Francis Kalabat testified that ‘‘since the fall of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.024 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4637 June 6, 2017 
Mosul in early June 2014, Christians have en-dured targeted persecution in the form of forced displacement, sexual violence, and other human rights violations.’’ He said ‘‘ISIS has committed horrific atrocities against the Yazidis.’’ The bishop said Christians are ‘‘under threat of extinction.’’ On May 9, 2016, the House passed Jeff Fortenberry’s Genocide resolution 393 to 0. A few days later, Secretary of State John Kerry declared ISIS atrocities to be a genocide. The existential threat to Christians and Yazidis and other minorities continues to this day. Some of the fortunate ones, however, have made it to relative safety in Erbil but as-tonishingly have not gotten assistance from the United States. Since 2014, the Chaldean Catholic Arch-diocese of Erbil has been providing almost all of the medical care, food, shelter and edu-cation received by 13,200 Christian families, almost one third of Christians remaining in Iraq, who escaped ISIS. The Archdiocese also provides assistance to Yazidis and Muslims. The funding has been private—Knights of Co-lumbus, Aid to the Church in Need, and a few others. Carl Anderson, Supreme Knight of the Knights of Columbus—which has donated more than $12 million to the effort—testified that the Knights and other private sources have responded, ‘‘But non-governmental orga-nizations can only do so much.’’ He also made numerous recommendations including sup-porting the ‘‘Long term survival in the region of these ancient indigenous religions and ethnic communities. In Iraq, the Christian population has declined by more than 80 percent, and in Syria, it has declined by almost 70 percent . . . The rich tapestry of religious pluralism in the region must be preserved now or it will be lost forever.’’ He said, ‘‘With its loss will come increased instability and threats to our own se-curity and that of the world. We have a unique opportunity—and some would say, unique re-sponsibility—to protect the victims of geno-cide.’’ Just before Christmas last year, I travelled to Erbil at the invitation of the Chaldean Catholic Archbishop of Erbil, Bashar Warda, to meet with survivors and visit an IDP camp. Both my staff and I were amazed and in-spired by the genocide survivors resiliency and deep faith in the Lord despite the cruelty they endured. There was much joy, love, and courage de-spite the loss of family and friends to ISIS. They had hope. The children sang Christmas carols with smiles and reverence. The leaders—especially Archbishop Warda—trust in God while working unceas-ingly for others. Because the needs on-the-ground have al-ways exceeded private support, however, the Archdiocese has had to battle chronic funding crises. Archbishop Warda told me they re-cently had to temporarily suspend their dis-tribution of medicines and are on-track to run out of money for food sometime this June. H.R. 390 provides authority and direction to the Secretary and Administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development to iden-tify the humanitarian, stabilization, and recov-ery needs of these communities. The bill also authorizes and directs the Secretary and Ad-ministrator to fund entities—including faith- based ones—that are effectively providing as-sistance to meet those needs on-the-ground. H.R. 390 addresses another urgent aspect of this crisis: Evidence linking specific ISIS perpetrators to specific atrocity crimes is being destroyed or lost. It is vital that evidence that can be used in a range of court settings is col-lected and preserved. This will enable ac-countability and support our efforts to counter terrorist groups by demonstrating that the per-petrators are chronic rapists, child abusers, drug dealers and human traffickers. This legislation authorizes and directs the Secretary and Administrator to fund entities that are conducting criminal investigations into perpetrators of atrocity crimes in Iraq. The Commission for International Justice and Accountability is an example of a non- governmental organization that has been con-ducting such criminal investigations on-the- ground. CIJA has collected and preserved ISIS recruitment forms, foreign fighter pass-ports, and ISIS instructions from ISIS facilities, laptops, hard drives, and memory sticks. It has taken hundreds of witness statements from victims, perpetrators, detained fighters, defec-tors, insiders, witnesses, and other witnesses. CIJA has developed pretrial briefs and perpe-trator profiles that are of a world-class quality. In 2016, CIJA received 409 requests for as-sistance on cases from law enforcement agen-cies in many countries, including the Depart-ment of Homeland Security and FBI and works closely with both agencies. Yet, CIJA has received no financial support from the U.S. government. H.R. 390 also directs the Secretary to work with foreign governments to ensure that they are including identifying information about sus-pected perpetrators in their security databases and security screening and are prosecuting perpetrators. ISIS fighters in Iraq are being captured and detained in the battle for Mosul and beyond. Others are escaping the region and attempting to return to their home countries around the world. We should help ensure that in addition to being screened and prosecuted for ter-rorism, they are screened and prosecuted for atrocity crimes. President Trump and Vice President Pence have strongly, publicly committed the Adminis-tration to providing relief to Christians, Yazidis, and other genocide survivors, and ensuring perpetrators are brought to justice. H.R. 390 supports this commitment and is a blueprint for implementation. H.R. 390 has the bipartisan co-sponsorship of 46 members, support from a range of prominent Christian, Yezidi, religious freedom, and accountability organizations, and has been endorsed by all four former U.S. Ambas-sadors-at-Large for War Crimes Issues. I especially want to acknowledge my co-au-thor and good friend A
NNAESHOO . Her tireless efforts on behalf of Christians and other per-secuted religious minorities, and the fantastic partnership with her and her staff on this bill, are a testament to the hi-partisanship of H.R. 390 and international religious freedom more broadly. And finally, Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the great staff work of Nathaniel Hurd and Piero Toni in my office. Matt McMurray in A
NNA ESHOO ’s office. Doug Anderson and Joan Condon in the House Foreign Affairs Committee. Roger Mahan and Luke Murry in the Majority Leader’s Office. And Kelly Dixon who ultimately helped us get it to the floor. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the Homeland Security Com-mittee and as a member of the Congressional Refugee Caucus, I rise in strong support of H.R. 390, the ‘‘Iraq and Syria Genocide Emer-gency Relief and Accountability Act of 2017.’’ This legislation makes clear that it is the policy of the United States to ensure that as-sistance for humanitarian, stabilization, and re-covery needs is directed toward those individ-uals and communities with the greatest need, including those individuals from communities of religious and ethnic minorities, and commu-nities of religious and ethnic minorities, that have been identified as being at risk of perse-cution, forced migration, acts of genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes. Mr. Speaker, this legislation is a timely and important response to acts of genocide and other war crimes committed by ISIS in a its continuing effort to subjugate the Yazidi reli-gious minority in Syria and Iraq. ISIS has targeted and continues to target Muslims, Jews, Sikhs, Christians, Yazidis and its reprehensible actions are reminiscent of what we have seen in some of the darkest pe-riods of human history. For example, according to reports of human rights watchgroups, Shiite Muslims have been killed by ongoing waves of ISIS bombings of Shiite neighborhoods, and Shiite members of Iraq’s security forces have been victims of mass ISIS executions. ISIS is believed to be holding 3,500 people as slaves, and most of the enslaved are women and children from the Yazidi commu-nity. ISIS claimed credit for the twin blasts that struck Christian Egyptian churches during Palm Sunday services, in which at least 47 Christians were murdered. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, in our own country we are witnessing an alarming increase in vio-lence, bigotry, and acts of terror against mem-bers of many of our religious minorities: 1. Muslim college students have been shot and killed, execution-style, in their living room and outside of their mosques. 2. Jewish communities are struggling to deal with desecrated cemeteries and waves of bomb threats being called to their community centers and places of worship. 3. Two Sikh men were killed in New York City, a crime police declared to be a hate- shooting. 4. Nine African American parishioners were shot to death during Bible study at a Mother Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina. H.R. 390 aims to promote accountability in Iraq and Syria for the atrocities committed against the religious minorities living in those countries. It also provides emergency relief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria. Specifically, the bill authorizes the providing of financial and technical assistance to those in need, as well as working with nongovern-mental organizations with expertise in inter-national criminal investigations and law to in-vestigate and address crimes of genocide, crimes against humanity, or war crimes, and their constituent crimes, occurring in Iraq since January 2014. H.R. 390 also authorizes United States aid agencies to provide assistance to entities de-termined to be capable of effectively managing and delivering recovery, humanitarian, or sta-bilization assistance to Iraqi and Syrian reli-gious or ethnic minorities that have been vic-timized by ISIS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.031 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4638 June 6, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, the crimes ISIS has committed against Iraqi and Syrian religious and ethnic minorities are horrific. The victims of this campaign of terror are in-nocent and in dire need of humanitarian and stabilization assistance. As the global leader and champion of human rights and human dignity, the United States has an obligation to lead the inter-national effort to defeat ISIS and ameliorate the suffering caused by its heinous acts. H.R. 390 is a welcome and positive step in the right direction and I urge all Members to join me in voting for this important legislation. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 390, the Iraq and Syria Geno-cide Emergency Relief and Accountability Act of 2017. In March of 2016, Congress declared in un-equivocal terms that the persecution of Chris-tians, Yezidis, and other ethnic and religious minorities in Iraq and Syria by ISIS constituted genocide. This was a seminal moment in the U.S. Congress because it’s only the third time in history that Congress has declared a geno-cide. Unfortunately, the conditions for the tens of thousands of survivors of these crimes against humanity grow worse each day. Mr. Speaker, we are witnessing the system-atic extermination of Christians and other reli-gious and ethnic minorities at the hands of ISIS. And despite the fact that Congress has ap-propriated over $1 billion in humanitarian aid to help these communities in Fiscal Year 2017, the money has not reached survivors because the only organizations focused solely on aiding survivors are religious groups, which the State Department will not provide assist-ance to. For example, the Archdiocese of Erbil is currently providing food, housing, and medical care to more than 70,000 Christians who es-caped death at the hands of ISIS. Even though the Archdiocese of Erbil is providing assistance to survivors at the center of this cri-sis, the State Department will not distribute U.S. assistance through religious organiza-tions. H.R. 390 would resolve this ongoing problem. The bill directs the Secretary of State and USAID to provide assistance directly to enti-ties, including faith-based entities that are ef-fectively providing assistance to genocide sur-vivors or other persecuted religious and ethnic communities on the ground in Iraq and Syria. Importantly, the aid can only be used for hu-manitarian relief on the ground, not to support the general operations of the church or faith- based entity. H.R. 390 also includes important provisions that will help the international community doc-ument the crimes against humanity that have been committed by ISIS, hold the perpetrators accountable, and ensure we learn from the horrors we have witnessed over the last six years so that we can one day prevent the next large-scale genocide from occurring. I want to thank the bill’s sponsor and my partner in this ongoing effort to help the tens of thousands of survivors of genocide in Iraq and Syria, Congressman C
HRIS SMITH. He has been a tireless advocate on behalf of these persecuted communities and I commend him for the work he has done to get this bill through the House. Thirteen months after the House and Sen-ate took the important step to label these crimes against humanity as genocide, my col-leagues now have the opportunity to help bring an end to the suffering. I urge my colleague to vote ‘‘YES’’ on H.R. 390. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in sup-port of H.R. 390, the Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Accountability Act. For too long, the Middle East—the birth place of Christianity—has been the place where thousands of Christians have been led to their deaths. The Pew Research Center re-ports that Christians are the world’s most per-secuted faith community, with Middle Eastern Christians experiencing this most severely. In 2012, President Obama declared what is happening to Christians in the Middle East as ‘‘genocide’’, but not much has been done to respond to this crisis. This bill will provide the dire supports and safeguards that Christians and other religious minorities desperately need. Specifically, it gives prioritized consideration to Christians and other religious minorities in the Middle East for admission into the U.S. Refugee Ad-missions Program, while keeping standard vet-ting procedures in place. This is so important given that less than half of one percent of Syrians chosen for resettle-ment between 2011 and 2016 have been Christians. H.R. 390 also supports entities that are con-ducting criminal investigations into the bad ac-tors perpetrating violence against Christians and supports groups helping victims of geno-cide in the region. Clearly, persecuted Christians in the Middle East desperately need our support. As a fel-low Christian, I will keep working to bring at-tention to the failures of our current refugee program in helping these individuals, as well as promote efforts to provide resources and assistance to them in their time of need. I applaud the passage of H.R. 390 and hope that the Senate will give it timely consid-eration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 390, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to provide emer-gency relief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria, for account-ability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CONDEMNING TERRORIST AT-TACKS IN MANCHESTER, UNITED KINGDOM Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 355) condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Manchester, United Kingdom, on May 22, 2017, ex-pressing heartfelt condolences, and re-affirming unwavering support for the special relationship between our peo-ples and nations in the wake of these attacks, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: H. R ES. 355 Whereas, on May 22, 2017, a terrorist trig-gered improvised explosive devices at the Manchester Arena following the conclusion of a concert by American recording artist Ariana Grande; Whereas the blasts took the lives of at least 22 people, and seriously injured 59, many of whom were children; Whereas British officials are continuing to investigate the bombing to determine wheth-er it was perpetrated by a lone individual or by a terrorist network; Whereas, on May 23, 2017, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) claimed responsi-bility for the attacks and threatened further attacks; Whereas on June 3, 2017, three terrorists drove a van into pedestrians on London Bridge before committing multiple stabbing attacks against innocent bystanders in the Borough Market area of London; Whereas British police quickly arrived at the scene and successfully ended the ter-rorist attack; Whereas at least seven people were killed, and more than 48 wounded in the terrorist attack; Whereas British police continue to inves-tigate the incident to ensure that all in-volved in planning or supporting the attack are brought to justice; Whereas the horrific attacks at the Man-chester Arena and in London are the latest in a series of deadly assaults by ISIS in Eu-rope in recent years; Whereas British first responders reacted swiftly and heroically to both attacks, tak-ing immediate measures to secure the areas and care for the wounded in ways that pre-vented further loss of life; Whereas Prime Minister Theresa May stat-ed on May 23, 2017, that ‘‘all acts of terrorism are cowardly attacks on innocent people but this attack stands out for its appalling, sick-ening cowardice, deliberately targeting inno-cent, defenseless children and young people’’ and paid tribute to ‘‘the spirit of Manchester and the spirit of Britain, a spirit that through years of conflict and terrorism has never been broken and will never be bro-ken.’’; Whereas President Donald Trump con-demned those who perpetrated the attacks and offered any and all assistance to the United Kingdom as it investigates these at-tacks and works to bring the terrorists to justice; and Whereas the United Kingdom has been a steadfast ally to the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) condemns the recent terrorist attacks in Manchester, United Kingdom, on May 22, 2017, and in London, United Kingdom, on June 3, 2017, and extends its deepest sym-pathies to all those affected by these trage-dies; (2) reaffirms the American commitment to the special relationship with the United Kingdom, and supports the efforts of the British Government to bring all those in-volved with these heinous attacks to justice; (3) appreciates the significant efforts by the United Kingdom to combat terrorism; (4) recognizes the persistent and growing threat posed by Islamist terrorist groups worldwide, and reaffirms the commitment of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.026 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4639 June 6, 2017 
the United States to the multilateral, global fight against such violent extremists; and (5) remains committed to the defense of universal democratic values. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ) each will control 20 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize Congressman G
REGORY MEEKS , the ranking member of the Europe, Eur-asia, and Emerging Threats Sub-committee; and Congressman P
AUL C
OOK, the vice chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee. I recognize them for their work on this timely and important resolution. On May 22, as the world knows, in a cowardly act of terrorism, a suicide bomber attacked those exiting a con-cert at the Manchester Arena in Eng-land. These were principally teenagers and children who were attending that concert, in some cases, parents. What many had planned to be a night of joy, a festival, a chance for them to gather to celebrate turned with one horrifying blast into a nightmare of chaos and devastation, and 23 innocent people were killed, 166 were severely injured, and many of those victims were chil-dren. This past week, in another cowardly attack, terrorists struck unsuspecting and unarmed pedestrians on London Bridge, and then those terrorists went on an attack against innocent bystand-ers in London’s Borough Market area, slashing and killing, and thus far, at least 7 victims have died and 48 have been seriously wounded. We grieve their loss and send our prayers and condolences to their families. We also commend the brave and self-less actions of British first responders who, in the wake of both attacks, moved to quickly secure the areas, aid the wounded, and prevent further loss of life. Our deranged enemies, it is clear, are intent on striking us wherever and whenever possible, often choosing to prey upon the most vulnerable, the most innocent in our society, preying, in this case, on children and teenagers. We must be even more determined in our resolve to stop them and we must continue to build upon our own capa-bilities, strengthening our cooperation with our friends and allies like the United Kingdom. Mr. Speaker, the United Kingdom has been a staunch friend and ally, unpar-alleled in its support for the United States, including as a partner in our counterterrorism efforts. At this sad time, we stand solidly beside our friends and allies as they mourn, heal, and most assuredly rise again following this tragedy. Passage of this resolution is just one way that we can dem-onstrate this support. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in unanimously supporting this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for H. Res. 355. This resolution was submitted by the gentleman from New York (Mr. MEEKS ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
OOK). It is a strong message condemning in the strongest terms the most recent ter-rorist attacks in Manchester and Lon-don. We worked quickly in the com-mittee to pass this resolution in a bi-partisan way. I thank Chairman R
OYCE  and Ranking Member E
NGEL again for their bipartisan efforts. b1730 I would like to lend my voice of con-dolence to the families and friends of those who were killed and injured. I pray that the Manchester and London communities remain resilient and con-tinue their beautiful human display of kindness in the depths of such tragedy. I read numerous human stories about neighbors, faith leaders, and local busi-nessmen and -women coming together to aid their fellow citizens with open arms and compassionate hearts. The people of Manchester, London, and the U.K. in general show the rest of the world how to persevere in the face of terror. Finally, let us remember that the at-tacks are directed at our open societies that we have built over many genera-tions. Let us remember that our re-sponse will set the tone for not only the security of the present day but also the faith in such open societies and the unbreakable bonds of community for years to come. We will continue to work in the For-eign Affairs Committee to bring about justice and encourage peace. The United States admires the Manchester and London response of stoicism, open-heartedness, and solidarity. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. H
OLDING ), chairman of the British-American Par-liamentary Group and co-chairman of the Congressional United Kingdom Caucus, and he also has strong family ties in Britain. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OYCE for yielding me time, and I rise in strong support of this res-olution condemning the terror attacks in the United Kingdom. Mr. Speaker, the senseless acts of terror that took place in Manchester and London are stark reminders of the threat our allies and our Nation face together. These horrific attacks re-quire strong and coordinated response to not only bring the perpetrators and their enablers to justice but also to combat global terrorism. Mr. Speaker, Congress stands ready to support our colleagues in Par-liament with any assistance necessary. The special relationship that bonds our two nations and peoples is unlike any other relationship that we enjoy. I am reminded of the events 73 years ago today when the United States stood with Great Britain to execute the largest amphibious landing ever assem-bled in order to liberate Europe. Our task in fighting terrorism is no less daunting. I appreciate the efforts here today by the House to condemn these acts of ter-ror and reaffirm our unwavering sup-port for the special relationship that we enjoy with the United Kingdom. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, the British people are well known for their stiff upper lip, their resolve, and resil-ience. We have seen all these traits on display in the recent days in the proud European cities of Manchester and London as the dead are mourned, the injured are nursed to health, and the guilty are pursued. Life must and will go on, and the United Kingdom will remain the bea-con of freedom, tolerance, and justice. I am glad we took this time today to send this strong message of solidarity to the people of the U.K. Through the years, they have long stood by us, and we are proud of their friendship. We call them our friends. I support this measure and trust the House will do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), chairman of the Foreign Affairs’ Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me time and for his work on this very im-portant resolution. Mr. Speaker, last month, as fans streamed out of a concert in Man-chester, they were met by the worst kind of despicable treachery. A ter-rorist lay in wait with his time bomb to inflict maximum damage on people, killing as many as he could and cre-ating fear among survivors. Twenty- two innocent people were slaughtered, including many children. The attack claimed by ISIS thugs was, unfortunately, not the last to hit the United Kingdom. Over the week-end, terrorists attacked innocent civil-ians in London, killing 7 and wounding at least 48 others. Free countries cannot and must not tolerate these attacks and must not ever accept these attacks as the norm. We must defeat the cancer of Islamic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.029 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4640 June 6, 2017 
terrorism and the perverted thinking that inspires it. I strongly support this resolution which condemns the attack in Man-chester and expresses our support to the people of the United Kingdom. We will and must continue to stand to-gether with the United Kingdom for many reasons, but the main reason being the bond of freedom that we have shared for so many years. We must stand together to combat and defeat those who seek to attack freedom and liberty and destroy our way of life. They must not win. Mr. Speaker, I offer my sincere con-dolences to the victims of the attacks in the United Kingdom and their fami-lies. This evil cannot be allowed to con-tinue without a bold response. Mr. Speaker, justice demands that we track down these terrorists and hold them accountable for their evil deeds whenever and wherever they attack. Justice must be served because, Mr. Speaker, justice is what free people de-mand. And that is just the way it is. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, following the killing in London this past weekend, British Prime Minister May compared the at-tacks in Manchester and those in the capital, and she said: ‘‘ . . . while the recent attacks are not connected by common networks, they are connected in one important sense. They are bound together by the single evil ideology of Islamist extremism that preaches ha-tred, sows division, and promotes sec-tarianism.’’ ‘‘Defeating this ideology is one of the great challenges of our time. . . .’’ Those were the Prime Minister’s words. We are committed to standing with our British friends and allies in this important fight. This resolution sig-nals our resolve to deepen our collabo-ration with our friends and allies in the United Kingdom to counter terrorism and to counter radicalization. Mr. Speaker, I, therefore, urge my colleagues to join me in unanimous support of this resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 355, which ex-presses the condolences of the United States to the twenty-two innocent victims who lost their lives and the fifty-nine individuals who were seriously injured in the barbaric attack perpetrated by a terrorist in Manchester, United Kingdom. Mr. Speaker, I support this resolution’s con-demnation of this terrorist attack for the de-praved, cowardly act that it is. Our thoughts and prayers are with the fami-lies and loved ones of the victims. Moreover, our heartfelt appreciation goes out to the first responders and others who selflessly came to the aid of those affected by this act. Manchester will emerge from the attack more vibrant and united than ever before with the same resiliency that has enabled it to grow and evolve from the ‘‘birthplace of the Indus-trial Revolution’’ to the modern, progressive, and welcoming metropolis that it is today. As Manchester recovers and responds, I hope that Mancunians and Britons as a whole will take comfort in the knowledge that the people of the United States stand in solidarity with them. This attack is a reminder of the common danger that democratic, peace-loving nations of the world face from those who reject the norms of civilized society and abuse the lib-erties and freedoms afforded them by free so-cieties. This terrorist attack in Manchester was a horrific act on innocent civilians perpetrated by a depraved individual who had the support of those who misuse the peaceful religion of Islam for their own misguided purposes. Those who claim responsibility for this crime against humanity should make no mistake; they will be held accountable for their actions. Today, however, our thoughts and prayers are with the people of Manchester, a city that represents everything terrorists despise—that is, a place that welcomes people from all walks of life to live together in harmony. That symbol is recognizable to Americans, because we are a society formed by diverse individuals intertwined to create a mosaic that is altogether lovely, strong, and unique. Given our special relationship with the United Kingdom, the people of the United States of America offer our unwavering sup-port to the people of Manchester and of the United Kingdom. Today, I ask a moment of silence for the victims killed and injured in the terrorist attack in Manchester. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 355, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 39 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1829 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) at 6 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on motions to suspend the rules previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: H. Res. 354, by the yeas and nays; and H. Res. 355, by the yeas and nays. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. The re-maining electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 5-minute vote. f 
CONDEMNING VIOLENCE AGAINST PEACEFUL PROTESTERS OUT-SIDE THE TURKISH AMBAS-SADOR’S RESIDENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 354) condemning the violence against peaceful pro-testers outside the Turkish Ambas-sador’s residence on May 16, 2017, and calling for the perpetrators to be brought to justice and measures to be taken to prevent similar incidents in the future, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, as amended. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 397, nays 0, not voting 33, as follows: 
[Roll No. 286] YEAS—397 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K06JN7.022 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4641 June 6, 2017 
Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—33 
Aderholt Barletta Bass Blumenauer Brooks (AL) Buchanan Clyburn Cummings Ellison Engel Gutie´rrez Higgins (NY) Johnson, Sam Kihuen Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Marino Meeks Moore Napolitano Pallone Ratcliffe Renacci Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Ross Rush Speier Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Zeldin b1855 Mr. RYAN of Ohio changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
CONDEMNING TERRORIST AT-TACKS IN MANCHESTER, UNITED KINGDOM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 355) condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist at-tacks in Manchester, United Kingdom, on May 22, 2017, expressing heartfelt condolences, and reaffirming unwaver-ing support for the special relationship between our peoples and nations in the wake of these attacks, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, as amended. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 397, nays 0, not voting 33, as follows: 
[Roll No. 287] YEAS—397 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.032 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4642 June 6, 2017 
Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
NOT VOTING—33 
Aderholt Barletta Blumenauer Brooks (AL) Buchanan Clyburn Cummings Davis, Rodney Ellison Engel Gutie´rrez Higgins (NY) Johnson, Sam Kihuen Larsen (WA) Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Marino Meeks Moore Napolitano Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Renacci Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Ross Rush Speier Thornberry Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Zeldin 
b1902 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the resolution was amended so as to read: ‘‘Condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist at-tacks in Manchester, United Kingdom, on May 22, 2017, and in London, United Kingdom, on June 3, 2017, expressing heartfelt condolences, and reaffirming unwavering support for the special re-lationship between our peoples and na-tions in the wake of these attacks.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-sent during rollcall votes No. 286 and No. 287 due to my spouse’s health situation in Cali-fornia. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on H. Res. 354—Condemning the vio-lence against peaceful protesters outside the Turkish Ambassador’s residence on May 16, 2017, and calling for the perpetrators to be brought to justice and measures to be taken to prevent similar incidents in the future, as amended. I would have also voted ‘‘yea’’ on H. Res. 355—Condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Manchester, United Kingdom, on May 22, 2017, expressing heartfelt condolences, and reaffirming unwav-ering support for the special relationship be-tween our peoples and nations in the wake of these attacks, as amended. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, had I been present for the vote on H. Res. 354, a resolution ‘‘Condemning the violence against peaceful protesters outside the Turkish Am-bassador’s residence on May 16, 2017, and calling for the perpetrators to be brought to justice and measures to be taken to prevent similar incidents in the future’’ (Rollcall Vote No. 286), I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ I would have also voted ‘‘aye’’ on H. Res. 355, a resolution ‘‘Condemning in the strong-est terms the terrorist attacks in Manchester, United Kingdom, on May 22, 2017, expressing heartfelt condolences, and reaffirming unwaivering support for the special relation-ship between our peoples and nations in the wake of these attacks’’ (Rollcall Vote No. 287). 
f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 60 Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove my name as a cosponsor of H.R. 60. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
IG-
GINS of Louisiana). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Texas? There was no objection. f 
RECOGNIZING THE DEBBIE’S DREAM FOUNDATION (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to highlight the Debbie’s Dream Foundation, an organization in south Florida that seeks to make the cure for stomach cancer a reality while also supporting patients, families, and caregivers who are impacted by this disease. According to the NIH, Mr. Speaker, there are nearly 100,000 people living with stomach cancer in our great Na-tion, but despite these alarming num-bers, Americans diagnosed with stom-ach cancer face a challenging battle, as it is difficult to find reliable informa-tion, good treatments, and valuable re-sources. Here is where Debbie’s Dream Foundation steps in. Debbie’s Dream Foundation works with local communities, businesses, government agencies, and the sci-entific community to raise awareness about stomach cancer and promote re-search and cutting-edge treatment to improve the lives of those afflicted with this cancer. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Debbie Zelman, the founder of this great organization, who is also under-going treatment for this disease, for turning this tragedy into a positive change for others suffering from stom-ach cancer. I also want to thank very much Debbie’s wonderful parents and all of the advocates for their lifesaving ef-forts and unwavering commitment to defeat stomach cancer once and for all. 
f 
LEAVING PARIS AGREEMENT DAMAGING TO ENVIRONMENT (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, abandoning the commitments we made in the Paris climate accord is a massive self-inflicted wound to our en-vironment, our global influence, and our economy. The damage caused to our economy and environment by leav-ing the Paris Agreement is undeniable, but it was also completely foreseeable. That is why the first piece of legisla-tion I wrote as a member of Congress called for our country to keep the pledges we made in this agreement, the promises we made to the world, and to ourselves. Through his decision, the President is ceding American leadership in the green economy to China, and kneecapping the global effort to counter the effects of climate change. While the President has made his choice, the rest of us can make ours. We must continue to resist global cli-mate change by expanding our commit-ments to green technology and sustain-able practices. If we do so, we will not only address the challenges of our time, but also embrace its opportuni-ties. f 
RECOGNIZING ESTHER BEGAM (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Esther Begam, a Holocaust survivor who recently re-ceived her high school diploma from Wayzata High School at the age of 88. In 1942, Nazis invaded Poland and forced 11-year-old Esther and her fam-ily into a labor camp. Esther tragically lost her mother and her brother in Auschwitz, as well as her older sister in another labor camp. After the war, she married another survivor and moved to Minnesota to start a family. In 2010, she was invited to share her story with the Wayzata High School history class, where she was asked what her biggest regret was, and Esther said she wished she had re-ceived her high school diploma. So after hearing her story, the school was able to arrange a graduation cere-mony. Last month, Esther was pre-sented with a diploma in front of her children, her grandchildren, and her great-grandchildren, receiving a stand-ing ovation that was 71 years overdue. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Esther Begam on her accomplishment after overcoming an incredibly difficult life challenge. She is truly an inspiration. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF LONNY KAPLAN (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday, New Jersey’s 12th Congressional District lost a man of great strength and valor. We lost a husband, a father, an activist. For many others, we lost a great friend. Lonny Kaplan and I met in the 1970s and long maintained a friendship of love and mutual respect. He is not only a statesman, but a hero. His commit-ment to political activism, especially towards pro-Israel causes, made him instrumental in strengthening the rela-tionship between the United States and Israel. Lonny was a respected leader in the Jewish community both here in the state and nationally, and will long be revered by those who had the honor to know him. The loss we feel as a con-gressional district and as a nation is deep, but I know that Lonny will never be forgotten by the countless lives that he touched. 
f 
ALZHEIMER’S AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.033 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4643 June 6, 2017 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, June is National Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness Month, and as a member of the bipartisan Congressional Task Force on Alzheimer’s Disease, I am working to address this debilitating disease, its impact on everyday Ameri-cans, and its effect on our healthcare system for years to come. Alzheimer’s is the most common form of dementia, and it remains the sixth leading cause of death in the United States, afflicting 5 million Americans, a number which could rise to 16 million by the year 2050. While there are drugs to mitigate the effects of Alzheimer’s, these medica-tions only help those in the early-to- moderate stages of the illness, which worsens over time. Right now there is no cure. I am committed to funding groundbreaking Alzheimer’s research and serving all Americans afflicted and their families suffering from the dev-astating effects of this disease. The time to act is now. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2213, ANTI-BORDER CORRUP-TION REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Ms. CHENEY, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–162) on the resolution (H. Res. 374) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2213) to amend the Anti- Border Corruption Act of 2010 to au-thorize certain polygraph waiver au-thority, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 10, FINANCIAL CHOICE ACT OF 2017 Ms. CHENEY, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–163) on the resolution (H. Res. 375) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 10) to create hope and op-portunity for investors, consumers, and entrepreneurs by ending bailouts and Too Big to Fail, holding Washington and Wall Street accountable, elimi-nating red tape to increase access to capital and credit, and repealing the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that make America less prosperous, less sta-ble, and less free, and for other pur-poses, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
THANK YOU, MR. JONES (Mr. KILMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, there are people in a person’s life that have a lasting influence, educators who help shape the person that you become. Ron Jones of Port Angeles, Washington, was one of those people for me and for hundreds of others. For the last 42 years, Mr. Jones has been an outstanding music teacher who, for generations of students, was a difference maker in a way that would make Mr. Holland and his opus jealous. On multiple occasions he brought mu-sicians to perform in Carnegie Hall and other places all around, and in doing so, he didn’t just enhance a student’s musical skills, he broadened the hori-zons of young people. I know he did that for me. He made you want to be better. He made you want to try hard-er. He made you want to perform well enough to get that genuine Ron Jones smile. Mr. Speaker, as Mr. Jones prepares for his retirement, it is my honor to recognize him here on the floor of the United States House of Representa-tives, to wish him well, and, on behalf of many grateful students, to simply say: Thank you, Mr. Jones. f 
b1915 HIT THE BEACHES, JUNE 6, 1944, D- DAY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, at dawn, in the hard cold rain of the chop-py English Channel, thousands of men—boys, really—aboard landing craft assaulted the beaches in a place called Normandy, France. They were under brutal enemy gunfire and artil-lery shelling. That was the morning of June 6, 1944: D-Day. Their buddies, the paratroopers, had earlier, before dawn, landed in France and met the same stiff resistance by the enemy. The Allies were determined to free Europe from the Nazis; and after the gunfire ceased and the smoke cleared, the successful assault that day was costly. At the top of the cliffs of Normandy, among the white crosses and glistening Stars of David, is the national ceme-tery of America’s war dead. There are 9,387 Americans buried there. The aver-age age is 24. They were the initial cas-ualties of the invasion of Europe. More Americans would later die in the great World War II. Today, we remember those who fought on June 6 and other Americans, like my 91-year-old dad, who went to liberate France and not to conquer it. These warriors are the charter mem-bers of the Greatest Generation. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
OUR WORD IS OUR BOND (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, our word is our bond. The United States, when it engages internationally with our allies and friends, and even our enemies, our word is our bond. The meetings that the administra-tion had recently in Saudi Arabia, I am sure there were some positive results, but there is no positive result to the disruption that is now occurring be-tween Mideast countries and Qatar. Qatar has some of our military assets that are enormously important. Rumor has it that the administration may be thinking of a regime change. Yes, we have had our concerns with Qatar. We have been concerned about human rights or concerned about various posi-tions with Al Jazeera, but we have worked with them, and we have real-ized that the emir, over the years, has worked with us in an honest and decent way and treated their people in a man-ner of decency. I hope this is straightened out. They can’t be starved. We cannot continue to encourage or be part of any disrup-tion in that region. We need them to collaborate against terrorism. We do not need one being fought by others. I would ask that the administration straighten this out, working with those of us who are concerned about our friends in Qatar, and to recognize that there is no specializing and isolating and picking friends. We have to work with all of them in that region to fight against the terror in Iran. I would offer, again, my acknowledg-ment of D-Day and thank those who sacrificed their lives. God bless them. f 
REMEMBERING D-DAY (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in commemoration of the 73rd anniversary of D-Day as well as to rec-ognize the 75th anniversary of the Bat-tle of Midway. These two conflicts were critical in changing the course of World War II. Seventy-three years ago today, the eyes of the world watched as Allied forces, under the leadership of General Dwight Eisenhower, stormed the beaches of Normandy. For 4 years, Eu-rope was enslaved in tyranny by the Nazis. To liberate the people of Europe, these brave men parachuted into pitch- black fields and vaulted towering cliffs, all while undertaking heavy enemy fire. Two years prior to the D-Day land-ings and 6 months after the attack on Pearl Harbor, the U.S. emerged vic-torious in one of the most significant and decisive battles in naval history, known as the Battle of Midway. The U.S., under the command of Admiral Nimitz, was able to ambush and de-stroy four Japanese aircraft carriers. Thanks to the heroic bomber pilots and crews of the U.S. Navy, this battle changed the tide in the Pacific theater. The United States and the world are eternally grateful for the heroism and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.037 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4644 June 6, 2017 
sacrifices that our servicemen and -women displayed over 70 years ago today in an uncertain war. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LIONS CLUBS INTERNATIONAL ON IT’S 100TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 100th anni-versary of Lions Clubs International, the largest service club organization in the world. With more than 46,000 clubs and 1.4 million members, including 31 clubs and over 1,100 members in my home State of Rhode Island, Lions Club members are transforming lives through dedicated service to commu-nities across the country and around the world. Since 1917, Lions Club members have dedicated themselves to living up to founder Melvin Jones’ inspiring words: ‘‘You can’t get very far until you start doing something for somebody else.’’ In Rhode Island, Lions Club members have transformed the lives of visually impaired and blind Rhode Islanders by hosting Camp Mauchatea for children and working to expand access to high- quality, affordable vision care. The in-credible support of Rhode Island Lions for the Ronald McDonald House has un-questionably saved lives, and their ef-forts to raise awareness of the need for foster parents, offer scholarships, and so much more have made a real dif-ference. So on behalf of the people of Rhode Island, it is my privilege to honor Lions Clubs International for their cen-tury of service. 
f 
D-DAY (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, on this day, June 6, 1944, 73 years ago, the larg-est amphibious assault in history land-ed on the beaches of Normandy, known as Operation Overlord, which we know more commonly as D-Day. I rise today, 73 years later, to honor the thousands of Allied soldiers who lost their lives on the beaches of Omaha, Utah, Gold, Juno, and Sword, and those, as well, that lived to carry the battle, ultimately, to Berlin and win. General Eisenhower told his soldiers that ‘‘the hopes and prayers of liberty- loving people everywhere march with you.’’ Today we commemorate the op-eration which began the liberation of Europe from Nazi control and paved the way for the eventual Allied victory in Europe—and for all of us to remain vigilant to preserve that same precious and fragile freedom. As was said in the movie ‘‘Saving Private Ryan,’’ for all of us, ‘‘Earn this.’’ LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. ADERHOLT (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of a family emergency. Mr. R
OSS (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of in-clement weather. Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida (at the re-quest of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of inclement weather. Mr. C
LYBURN (at the request of M S. P
ELOSI ) for today. Mr. C
UMMINGS (at the request of M S. P
ELOSI ) for May 24 through June 9. Mrs. N
APOLITANO (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today and for the bal-ance of the week. 
f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on June 2, 2017, she pre-sented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 657. To amend title 5, United States Code, to extend certain protections against prohibited personnel practices, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 o’clock and 23 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, June 7, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1487. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Mi-chael T. Franken, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 1488. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Ronald L. Bailey, U.S. Marine Corps, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant gen-eral on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 1489. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter au-thorizing three officers to wear the insignia of the grade of major general, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777(b)(3)(B); Public Law 104-106, Sec. 503(a)(1) (as added by Public Law 108-136, Sec. 509(a)(3)); (117 Stat. 1458); ; to the Committee on Armed Services. 1490. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, De-partment of Defense, transmitting the De-partment’s report presenting the specific amount of staff-years of technical effort to be allocated for each defense Federally Funded Research and Development Center during FY 2018, pursuant to Public Law 115- 31, Div. C Sec. 8025(e); to the Committee on Armed Services. 1491. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s final rule — Federal Home Loan Bank Membership for Non-Federally- Insured Credit Unions (RIN: 2590-AA85) re-ceived May 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 1492. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Energy, transmitting a Determina-tion and Findings in support of a decision to utilize other than a full and open competi-tion to retain specialized legal services for a proceeding at the Nuclear Regulatory Com-mission, pursuant to 41 U.S.C. 3304(a)(7); Public Law 111-350, Sec. 3; (124 Stat. 3748); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1493. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Administration’s Annual Report on Drug Shortages for Calendar Year 2016, pursuant to Sec. 1002 of the Food and Drug Adminis-tration Safety and Innovation Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1494. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to the situation in or in relation to the Democratic Republic of the Congo that was declared in Executive Order 13413 of October 27, 2006, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 1495. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regula-tion, Department of the Treasury, transmit-ting two notifications of a federal vacancy and nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 1496. A letter from the Director, Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting the Agency’s Office of Inspector General Semi-annual Report to the Congress for the period ending March 31, 2017, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1497. A letter from the Director, Office of Government Ethics, transmitting the Of-fice’s Congressional Justification, Annual Performance Plan, and Annual Performance Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1115(b); Public Law 111-352, Sec. 3; (124 Stat. 3867); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1498. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Commercial Aggregated Large Coastal Shark and Hammerhead Shark Management Groups Retention Limit Adjustment [Docket No.: 160620545-6999-02] (RIN: 0648-XF347) received May 30, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 1499. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Coastal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.038 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4645 June 6, 2017 
Migratory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic; Commercial Trip Limit Reduction for Spanish Mackerel [Docket No.: 101206604-1758-02] (RIN: 0648- XF179) received May 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 1500. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery; 2017 Closure of the Northern Gulf of Maine Scallop Management Area [Docket No.: 151210999-6348-02] (RIN: 0648- XF312] received May 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 1501. A letter from the Acting Deputy Di-rector, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Adminis-tration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels Less Than 60 Feet (18.3 Meters) Length Overall Using Hook- and-Line or Pot Gear in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 150916863-6211-02] (RIN: 0648-XF204) re-ceived May 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 1502. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-9570; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-185-AD; Amendment 39-18866; AD 2017-09-04] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 1503. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA-2015-0165; Direc-torate Identifier 2015-NE-02-AD; Amendment 39-18868; AD 2017-09-06] (RIN: 2120-AA64) re-ceived May 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 1504. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; ATR-GIE Avions de Transport Re-gional Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-9430; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-051-AD; Amendment 39-18874; AD 2017-09-12] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1505. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2016-9303; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-093-AD; Amendment 39-18875; AD 2017-10-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 1506. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-9394; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-162-AD; Amendment 39-18872; AD 2017-09-10] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 1507. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-9434; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-136-AD; Amendment 39-18896; AD 2017-10-22] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 1508. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-9433; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-159-AD; Amendment 39-18901; AD 2017-11-02] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 1509. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-9439; Directorate Identifier 2016-NM-170-AD; Amendment 39-18870; AD 2017-09-08] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 1510. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Dock-et No.: FAA-2016-7426; Directorate Identifier 2015-NM-199-AD; Amendment 39-18900; AD 2017-11-01] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 1511. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Textron Aviation Inc. Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA-2017-0450; Directorate Identifier 2017-CE-013-AD; Amendment 39- 18883; AD 2017-10-09] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 1512. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters Deutschland GmbH Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA-2016-6436; Di-rectorate Identifier 2015-SW-037-AD; Amend-ment 39-18869; AD 2017-09-07] (RIN; 2120-AA64) received May 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 1513. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Airworthiness Direc-tives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA- 2016-6651; Directorate Identifier 2016-SW-015- AD; Amendment 39-18867; AD 2017-09-05] (RIN: 2120-AA64) received May 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1514. A letter from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Af-fairs, Department of Justice, transmitting a legislative proposal that would (1) provide for the legitimate needs of law enforcement agencies in the Unites States to obtain elec-tronic communications stored abroad that are relevant to U.S. criminal investigations; and (2) help resolve potential conflicting legal obligations that U.S. electronic com-munications service providers may face when required to disclose electronic data by foreign governments; jointly to the Commit-tees on the Judiciary and Foreign Affairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Ms. CHENEY: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 374. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 2213) to amend the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 to au-thorize certain polygraph waiver authority, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–162). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 375. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 10) to create hope and opportunity for investors, consumers, and entrepreneurs by ending bailouts and Too Big to Fail, holding Washington and Wall Street accountable, eliminating red tape to increase access to capital and credit, and repealing the provisions of the Dodd- Frank Act that make America less pros-perous, less stable, and less free, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–163). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. TAYLOR (for himself and Mr. T
AKANO ): H.R. 2772. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements re-lating to the reassignment of Department of Veterans Affairs senior executive employees; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. D
UNCAN of Ten-nessee): H.R. 2773. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to sell Pershing Hall; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself and Mr. T
AYLOR ): H.R. 2774. A bill to establish a bug bounty pilot program within the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina (for himself, Ms. F
OXX, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. M
ITCHELL ): H.R. 2775. A bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to require that lists of employees eligible to vote in organizing elec-tions be provided to the National Labor Re-lations Board; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Ms. F
OXX, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06JN7.000 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4646 June 6, 2017 
BYRNE , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. M
ITCHELL ): H.R. 2776. A bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act with respect to the tim-ing of elections and pre-election hearings and the identification of pre-election issues; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. E VANS , and Mr. N OR-
CROSS ): H.R. 2777. A bill to include information re-garding VA home loans in the Informed Con-sumer Choice Disclosure required to be pro-vided to a prospective FHA borrower who is a veteran, to amend title 10, United States Code, to authorize the provision of a certifi-cate of eligibility for VA home loans during the preseparation counseling for members of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself and Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee): H.R. 2778. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to establish a Smart Tech-nology Traffic Signals Grant Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. DENHAM (for himself and Mr. V
ALADAO ): H.R. 2779. A bill to amend title XI of the Social Security Act to provide through the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation (CMMI) for a Medicaid payment model dem-onstration project on Medicaid reimburse-ment for physicians’ services in counties with a disproportionately high proportion of Medicaid enrollees; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Mr. EVANS (for himself and Mr. B
RAT): H.R. 2780. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to create certain requirements for Federal agencies with a SBIR or STTR pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DUNN (for himself and Mr. P
A-
NETTA ): H.R. 2781. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to certify the sufficient par-ticipation of small business concerns owned and controlled by veterans and small busi-ness concerns owned by veterans with serv-ice-connected disabilities in contracts under the Federal Strategic Sourcing Initiative, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself and Mr. B
UCSHON ): H.R. 2782. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide students with disabilities and their families with access to critical information needed to select the right college and succeed once enrolled; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 2783. A bill to amend titles 28 and 10, United States Code, to allow for certiorari review of certain cases denied relief or re-view by the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Mr. Q
UIGLEY ): H.R. 2784. A bill to require the Attorney General to establish a ‘‘Good Neighbor’’ code of conduct for federally licensed firearms dealers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana (for him-self and Mr. LAMALFA ): H.R. 2785. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to pay the reasonable costs of urgent care provided to certain veterans, to establish cost-sharing amounts for veterans receiving care at an emergency room of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. HUDSON (for himself and Ms. D
EGETTE ): H.R. 2786. A bill to amend the Federal Power Act with respect to the criteria and process to qualify as a qualifying conduit hy-dropower facility; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. J
ONES , and Mr. R YANof Ohio): H.R. 2787. A bill to establish in the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs a pilot program in-stituting a clinical observation program for pre-med students preparing to attend med-ical school; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico (for herself, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. M OORE , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mrs. T
ORRES , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. S OTO, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. P
INGREE , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. L OF-
GREN , and Ms. L EE): H.R. 2788. A bill to expand access to health care services, including sexual, reproductive, and maternal health services, for immigrant women, men, and families by removing legal barriers to health insurance coverage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico (for himself, Mr. S
CHNEIDER , and Mr. L
IPINSKI ): H.R. 2789. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to reauthorize and improve the Small Business Innovation Research Pro-gram and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. D
EUTCH ): H.R. 2790. A bill to phase out cosmetic ani-mal testing and the sale of cosmetics tested on animals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 2791. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to treat infant formula as adulterated if its use-by date has passed; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. NOEM (for herself and Mr. SAM J
OHNSON of Texas): H.R. 2792. A bill to amend the Social Secu-rity Act to make certain revisions to provi-sions limiting payment of benefits to fugi-tive felons under titles II, VIII, and XVI of the Social Security Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. WILLIAMS (for himself and Ms. M
OORE ): H.R. 2793. A bill to amend the Federal De-posit Insurance Act to provide that the con-sumer transaction account deposits of an in-sured depository institution are not consid-ered to be funds obtained by or through a de-posit broker, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. W AL-
DEN, and Mr. S CHRADER ): H.J. Res. 105. A joint resolution con-demning the deadly attack on May 26, 2017, in Portland, Oregon, expressing deepest con-dolences to the families and friends of the victims, and supporting community efforts to overcome hatred, bigotry, and violence; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. LAMBORN (for himself and Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona): H. Res. 376. A resolution expressing support for designation of July 2, 2017, as the ‘‘Na-tional Day of Personal Reflection and Re-pentance’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
52. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of West Vir-ginia, relative to House Concurrent Resolu-tion 15, requesting Congress to adopt the Na-tional Park Service’s recommendations as to the additional segments for inclusion in the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail; which was referred to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 53. Also, a memorial of the General Assem-bly of the State of Nevada, relative to Sen-ate Joint Resolution No. 10, rescinding all previous requests that the Congress of the United States call a convention of states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 54. Also, a memorial of the General Assem-bly of the State of Colorado, relative to Sen-ate Joint Resolution 17-019, urging the gov-ernment of the United States of America to take action to preserve and enhance United States leadership in space, spur innovation, and ensure our continued national and eco-nomic security by increasing funding for space exploration and activities; ; which was referred to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 55. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of West Virginia, relative to House Concurrent Resolution 26, urging Congress and NASA to name the NASA IV & V Facil-ity at Fairmont for West Virginia mathe-matician Katherine Coleman Johnson; which was referred to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06JN7.100 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4647 June 6, 2017 
Ms. GABBARD introduced a bill (H.R. 2794) for the relief of Andres Magana Ortiz; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. TAYLOR: H.R. 2772. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; To borrow money on the credit of the United States; To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; To establish an uniform Rule of Natu-ralization, and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States; To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures; To provide for the Punishment of counter-feiting the Securities and current Coin of the United States; To establish Post Offices and Post Roads; To promote the Progress of Science and useful Arts, by securing for limited Times to Authors and Inventors the exclusive Right to their respective Writings and Discoveries; To constitute Tribunals inferior to the su-preme Court; and Offenses against the Law of Nations; To declare War, grant Letters of Marque and Reprisal, and make Rules concerning Captures on Land and Water; To raise and support Armies, but no Appro-priation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years; To provide and maintain a Navy; To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces; To provide for calling forth the Militia to execute the Laws of the Union, suppress In-surrections and repel Invasions; To provide for organizing, arming, and dis-ciplining, the Militia, and for governing such Part of them as may be employed in the Service of the United States, reserving to the States respectively, the Appointment of the Officers, and the Authority of training the Militia according to the discipline pre-scribed by Congress; To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not ex-ceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and the acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Govern-ment of the United States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-Yards, and other needful Buildings; And To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 2773. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 2774. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H.R. 2775. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 2776. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 2777. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CA´RDENAS: H.R. 2778. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1. All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. By Mr. DENHAM: H.R. 2779. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, United States Con-stitution. By Mr. EVANS: H.R. 2780. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. DUNN: H.R. 2781. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 2782. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 2783. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GALLEGO: H.R. 2784. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: —Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 2785. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. HUDSON: H.R. 2786. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Ms. KAPTUR: 
H.R. 2787. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Poewrs, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 2788. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mex-ico: H.R. 2789. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Ms. MCSALLY: H.R. 2790. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution—To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes; By Ms. MENG: H.R. 2791. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 2792. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.R. 2793. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’) By Ms. GABBARD: H.R. 2794. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 (Naturaliza-tion) Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (Foreign Com-merce) Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 11–16 (Foreign Affairs) Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary and Proper Clause) By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.J. Res. 105. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 15: Mr. S UOZZI . H.R. 36: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 37: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 38: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri. H.R. 66: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 140: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 184: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 256: Mr. N
EWHOUSE and Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 257: Mr. J
ORDAN . H.R. 324: Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. E
VANS , and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 338: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L06JN7.101 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4648 June 6, 2017 
H.R. 358: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 390: Mr. M
ESSER and Mr. F LORES . H.R. 398: Ms. T
ENNEY and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 444: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 445: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 453: Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 468: Mr. C
RIST, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Ms. S
PEIER , and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 480: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 490: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. C
ONAWAY , and Mr. B ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 525: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 564: Mr. C
HABOT and Mr. J OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 632: Mr. K
ILDEE and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 635: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 664: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 671: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 709: Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 719: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 721: Mr. R
EED. H.R. 723: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 747: Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. K ING of Iowa, Mr, M
CGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. C LAY, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. S IMP-
SON, Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. S
HUSTER , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. C
RAWFORD , and Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 750: Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. B OST, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 754: Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. R USH, and Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 757: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 781: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 785: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 788: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 801: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 807: Mr. P
AYNE and Mr. C UMMINGS . H.R. 816: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mr. B RAT. H.R. 820: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 826: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 830: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Mr. L
ANGEVIN . H.R. 849: Mr. D
UNN, Mr. M URPHY of Penn- sylvania, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. R OSS, Mr. S HU-
STER , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 850: Ms. T
ENNEY . H.R. 873: Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. D ENT, Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. P
ALAZZO , and Ms. D ELBENE. H.R. 878: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 911: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H.R. 916: Mr. R
OSS, Mr. C ULBERSON , and Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 927: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 952: Mr. E
VANS and Mr. R USH. H.R. 959: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 960: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 997: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 1002: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi and Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 1017: Mr. S
IRES, Mr. Y ODER , and Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 1038: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 1057: Mr. B
ABIN, Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. H AR-
PER, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. B ACON , Mr. G AR-
RETT , and Mr. C RAWFORD . H.R. 1058: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa and Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1090: Mr. T
ROTT and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 1094: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 1098: Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 1104: Mr. T
ROTT . H.R. 1116: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 1141: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1143: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania and Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 1146: Ms. M
OORE and Mr. E SPAILLAT . H.R. 1148: Mr. E
LLISON , Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS , and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 1156: Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 1164: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 1171: Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. L AWSON of Flor- ida, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. S HUSTER , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. E VANS , and Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 1187: Mr. E
NGEL and Mr. L OEBSACK . H.R. 1200: Mr. T
HORNBERRY . H.R. 1212: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 1225: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 1231: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 1235: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Mr. C
UELLAR , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. S OTO, Ms. M
ATSUI , and Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1243: Mr. C
APUANO and Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia. H.R. 1247: Mrs. D
INGELL and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1298: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 1299: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 1300: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY and Mr. D ONO-
VAN. H.R. 1307: Mr. M
CEACHIN . H.R. 1310: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN . H.R. 1316: Mr. B
ARLETTA and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 1317: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE and Mr. T IPTON . H.R. 1334: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 1361: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY , Mr. C RIST, Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 1393: Mr. H
ECK, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. H
IMES, Mr. C OHEN , and Ms. S HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1406: Mr. L
IPINSKI , Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Ms. B LUNT ROCH-
ESTER , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 1409: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. M AST, Mr. D
ENT, and Mr. L IPINSKI . H.R. 1434: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1439: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 1441: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 1454: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 1456: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 1457: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. Y OUNG of Alas- ka, and Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 1478: Mr. M
CEACHIN and Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER . H.R. 1491: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 1501: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 1515: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 1529: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 1539: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1542: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 1551: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 1556: Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 1563: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 1599: Mr. F
LORES and Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 1606: Mr. S
HUSTER and Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1615: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1626: Ms. G
RANGER . H.R. 1661: Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 1676: Mr. T
ROTT and Mr. C ARSON of In- diana. H.R. 1697: Mr. H
OYER , Mr. P OLIQUIN , and Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 1698: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 1730: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 1772: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 1776: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 1777: Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alas- ka, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. G RIF-
FITH, Mr. E STES of Kansas, Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 1785: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H.R. 1815: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1820: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 1861: Mr. L
ANGEVIN and Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE. H.R. 1864: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 1873: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK and Mr. E MMER . H.R. 1876: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 1877: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 1881: Mr. B
ABIN and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 1910: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 1911: Mr. B
URGESS and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 1912: Mr. N
ORCROSS . H.R. 1928: Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. B ACON , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1953: Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. B
ACON , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT . H.R. 1969: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1970: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN and Mrs. L
OVE. H.R. 1988: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. P ANETTA , and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 1993: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. D ONOVAN , and Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2011: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT and Mrs. L OVE. H.R. 2023: Mr. H
UIZENGA . H.R. 2044: Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. H
ASTINGS , and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 2056: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico and Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 2059: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2061: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 2077: Mr. D
EFAZIO and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 2091: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 2101: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 2106: Mr. H
OLDING , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. N
UNES , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. M
ESSER , and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 2119: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 2123: Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri and Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 2130: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. U
PTON , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Il- linois, Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. B URGESS , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. H
URD, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Flor- ida, Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. D UNN, Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. C OLE, Mr. W
OMACK , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mrs. N
OEM, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. W ALKER , Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. B
ARR, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. R
OSS, Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, and Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 2133: Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. R EED, and Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 2148: Mr. R
OSSand Mrs. W AGNER . H.R. 2149: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee and Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:03 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.005 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4649 June 6, 2017 
H.R. 2152: Mr. H UIZENGA and Mr. S MITH of Texas. H.R. 2173: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 2215: Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. G AETZ , and Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2224: Mrs. R
OBY, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 2228: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 2230: Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 2234: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2240: Mr. G
AETZ and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 2245: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 2259: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 2268: Mr. P
ETERS and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 2272: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 2273: Mr. K
ATKO . H.R. 2276: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 2277: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 2302: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , and Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 2309: Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. S COTT of Vir- ginia, and Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 2310: Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 2327: Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. S UOZZI , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. S OTO, and Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 2352: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 2353: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. G
UTHRIE , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. W ALBERG , and Mr. E STES of Kansas. H.R. 2358: Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. F OSTER , and Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 2359: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 2379: Ms. E
SHOO . H.R. 2392: Ms. L
EEand Ms. C LARK of Massa- chusetts. H.R. 2417: Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. S
ARBANES , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. B EYER , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. S INEMA , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 2422: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. V IS-
CLOSKY , and Mr. R ICHMOND . H.R. 2428: Mr. K
HANNA and Mr. L YNCH . H.R. 2431: Mr. A
RRINGTON and Mr. J ODYB. N
ICEof Georgia. H.R. 2435: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 2440: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 2451: Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. M ENG, Mrs. S ABLAN , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. R USH, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. E VANS , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. B EYER , Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C
LAY, Ms. L EE, Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 2455: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 2456: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 2465: Mr. T
URNER , Mr. D UNCAN of Ten- nessee, Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. J ONES , Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. H
ECK, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. E SHOO , and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2482: Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. R
EED, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 2484: Mrs. T
ORRES , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. C
RAMER , and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 2491: Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , and Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 2505: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2514: Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , and Ms. S HEA-PORTER . H.R. 2519: Mr. S
HIMKUS and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 2527: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 2542: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 2544: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 2550: Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 2552: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 2556: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 2578: Ms. K
APTUR and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 2585: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 2589: Mr. P
ETERSON , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-ico. H.R. 2594: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 2601: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. J ODYB. H
ICEof Georgia, and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 2618: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 2621: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C
OOK, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. T URNER , Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. H
UNTER , and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 2622: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 2629: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 2633: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 2640: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. E VANS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. K IL-
DEE, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. M
OULTON , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S ABLAN , and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2645: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 2658: Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. D
EUTCH , and Mr. C OOK. H.R. 2660: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 2666: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 2669: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 2675: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 2678: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. W ALZ, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. L
OEBSACK , and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 2679: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 2683: Mr. P
OLIS and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 2690: Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. E VANS , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. R USH, Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 2706: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. R
OSS, Mr. L OUDERMILK , and Mr. E MMER . H.R. 2713: Mrs. B
EATTY and Mr. R YAN of Ohio. H.R. 2721: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 2723: Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. D
AVIDSON , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. G
OODLATTE , Mr. B UCK, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. B UDD, and Mr. G
OHMERT . H.R. 2745: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . H.R. 2751: Mr. RUTHERFORD . H.R. 2752: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 2756: Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.J. Res. 6: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.J. Res. 50: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.J. Res. 51: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. D
UNN, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. S HU-
STER , Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. G OOD-
LATTE . H.J. Res. 85: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H. Con. Res. 8: Mr. C
ULBERSON . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. B
UCHANAN . H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. N
ORCROSS and Mr. D UN-
CANof South Carolina. H. Con, Res. 27: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. C
ARBAJAL and Mr. K
HANNA . H. Con. Res. 45: Mr. T
AKANO . H. Con. Res. 51: Ms. T
ITUS. H. Con. Res. 62: Mr. E
VANS . H. Con. Res. 63: Mr. N
ORCROSS , Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. E VANS , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H. Res. 15: Mr. C
RIST, Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H. Res. 28: Mr. D
OGGETT and Ms. E STYof Connecticut. H. Res. 30: Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN and Mr. H IG-
GINS of New York. H. Res. 31: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. W ITTMAN , and Mr. F ORTEN -
BERRY . H. Res. 85: Mr. L
YNCH . H. Res. 90: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H. Res. 161: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H. Res. 220: Mr. S
HIMKUS . H. Res. 252: Ms. L
OFGREN . H. Res. 256: Mr. C
LAYand Mr. K ATKO . H. Res. 274: Mr. K
EATING , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Ms. E
SHOO . H. Res. 279: Mr. R
OYCE of California. H. Res. 296: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H. Res. 317: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H. Res. 321: Ms. L
EE. H. Res. 325: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H. Res. 330: Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, and Mr. G
OSAR . H. Res. 336: Mr. R
OTHFUS and Mr. P EARCE . H. Res. 344: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H. Res. 349: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H. Res. 351: Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. E
STY of Connecticut, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. C RIST, Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, and Mr. G OTTHEIMER . H. Res. 354: Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. M ESSER , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. L EVIN, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. T ROTT , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York, and Ms. S LAUGH -
TER. H. Res. 355: Mr. B
OST, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. W IL-
SONof South Carolina, Ms. G ABBARD , and Mr. M
ESSER . H. Res. 361: Mr. C
OHEN . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.010 H06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4650 June 6, 2017 
The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative H
ENSARLING , or a designee, to H.R. 10, the Financial CHOICE Act of 2017 does not contain any congressional ear-marks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. DELETION OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: H.R. 60: Ms. G
RANGER . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN7.014 H06JNPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3253 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JUNE 6, 2017 No. 96 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, the fountain of wisdom, You are more majestic than the moun-tains. Give our lawmakers the rev-erence for You that will motivate them to do Your will. May they labor to en-hance Your glory, striving to make our Nation and world stronger and better. Lord, help them to honor Your Name, cherishing the fact that they belong to You. Show them how to use today’s fleeting moments to accomplish Your purposes. Sanctify their thoughts, words, and deeds. May they set You al-ways before them as their guide, keep-ing You close so that they will not be shaken. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, every week, it seems we hear more news about the failures of ObamaCare. For instance, 2 weeks ago, we learned that nearly 70,000 people in parts of Missouri and Kansas will lose their last insurance provider on the ObamaCare exchanges in 2018. From rural towns to Kansas City, these Americans are being left without options. Last week, we learned that thousands of ObamaCare customers in Nebraska will be left with only one provider on the exchanges and that the remaining insurer hasn’t even decided if it is going to stay through 2018. This week, we learned that the number of health insurers partici-pating in ObamaCare exchanges had de-clined by nearly one-quarter from 2016 to 2017. It has become painfully clear that ObamaCare is failing to live up to its promises and is collapsing right in front of our eyes. If this failed ObamaCare status quo continues, more Americans are likely to lose their in-surance options, more Americans are likely to continue seeing their pre-miums rise, and more Americans are likely to get caught in the downward spiral of ObamaCare. It is time for our friends on the other side of the aisle to get serious about moving beyond the problems of this law. They spent years defending the system, promising it will get better over time and claiming others were ex-aggerating ObamaCare’s flaws, but here is the reality our Democratic col-leagues seem to be missing: ObamaCare did not get better. The problems are real and have continued to get worse. Now Democrats are trying to blame the failures of ObamaCare on anything but—anything but—the broken healthcare law itself. They can try to shift the blame, but the American peo-ple are not going to fall for it. Many Kentuckians have called for us to move away from ObamaCare to bring relief to families. An official re-port released last month showed that since ObamaCare’s full enactment in 2013, average premiums in Kentucky have skyrocketed by 75 percent. A woman from Lancaster, KY, wrote to my office recently to express her frustration. With high premiums and a staggering deductible, she asked: Why is there a law forcing me to pay for something I can’t afford? Either I can eat and pay my mortgage, or pay for insurance. 
Far too many Americans face these painful choices every day because of ObamaCare. As the system continues to collapse around us, this Kentuckian and many more like her are left to deal with the consequences. The ObamaCare status quo is unsustainable and unacceptable. Our country can do better, and our country really must do better. I hope Senate Democrats will join us as we move be-yond the system’s failures. They can either continue to defend this broken system with its higher costs and dimin-ishing choices, or they can work with us to move beyond ObamaCare toward smarter healthcare solutions. What is clear is that we have to act. Otherwise, more Americans will be stuck paying the price of ObamaCare’s continuing failures. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS ACCOUNTABILITY AND WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Now, Mr. Presi-dent, on another matter, like those who have called for relief from ObamaCare, many Americans across the Nation are counting on us to en-sure better quality healthcare for our veterans. This is a critical issue for each of us no matter what State we come from, no matter what party we represent. Our veterans have sacrificed too much. In return, they deserve our support. We must keep the commit-ment we have to them when it comes to ensuring that the VA is providing the quality healthcare they rely on. Unfortunately, as we all know, many VA facilities across the Nation have long failed to provide our Nation’s he-roes with the timely and effective med-ical attention they need. Already, Con-gress has taken a number of steps to improve these facilities for our vet-erans and to keep the faith for those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.000 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3254 June 6, 2017 
who have willingly and courageously fought on our behalf. Now we can build on those efforts by passing the Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection Act. As the name implies, this legislation will enhance accountability measures at the VA and better enable the Department to re-move—to remove—employees who are failing to meet the standards expected of them. This bill, in conjunction with the continued administration efforts like those Secretary Shulkin announced yesterday, will further improve med-ical services offered to our veterans at VA facilities all across our country. It was unfortunate to see this legislation held up in a previous Congress, but I am proud that the Republican Senate has made its passage among our top priorities. I once again recognize Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee chairman J
OHNNY  I
SAKSON and Senator R UBIO for the part they played in moving this very impor-tant bill forward and remaining vigi-lant on behalf of America’s veterans. I know we are all eager to advance it today and send it on down to the White House for the President’s signature. 
f 
NOMINATION OF COURTNEY ELWOOD Mr. M
CCONNELL. Now, Mr. Presi-dent, one final matter, today we will confirm Courtney Elwood, the nominee for general counsel at the Central In-telligence Agency. As Chairman B
URR pointed out at her hearing, Ms. Elwood has an impressive legal background. She graduated from Yale Law School before clerking under Chief Justice William Rehnquist on the Supreme Court, and she served as a former advi-sor to both Vice President Cheney and President Bush, as well as to the Attor-ney General. In her role at the CIA, Ms. Elwood will be providing sound legal advice to Director Pompeo, ensuring account-ability at the Agency as a whole, and overseeing a number of priorities that are key to supporting our Nation’s in-telligence community. Her nomination has already earned bipartisan support. I am sure that once she is confirmed, she will serve our country well in this new role. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
INFRASTRUCTURE Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first I want to talk about infrastructure. This week, the administration is laying out a few ‘‘proposals’’ on infrastructure. So far, it has been a major disappoint-ment. President Trump pitched a tril-lion-dollar infrastructure plan in his campaign and continued to mention it in the days after the election. We Democrats welcomed the idea. One of my first conversations with the President after he was elected was about infrastructure. I said: You called for a trillion-dollar infrastructure program. He said to me: At least that. I said: Sounds good to me. Let’s work on it. We have made overtures to the White House saying we would be willing to work with the President on infrastruc-ture. I said it to the President directly several times. Democrats have been pushing for new money for infrastruc-ture for a very long time. We even put out our own proposal, a trillion-dollar infrastructure plan, hoping it would spark a discussion. We Democrats continue to welcome a serious and constructive dialogue on this issue, but unfortunately the Presi-dent continues to disappoint. We sent our plan several months ago, and we have heard nothing for those months. Now the President seems to be intent on pushing forward an infrastructure plan on his own, one with few details, that is mostly private sector driven— that means tolls—and with minimum investment, and that would ignore a huge section of our infrastructure. The President doesn’t seem to be talking to anyone but a few people in his inner circle. Some of them are financiers. Of course, they have been financing pri-vate sector infrastructure for a long time, but that is not the way we have worked in America since Henry Clay, a former—not quite a Republican. We didn’t have any then, but he was a Whig—the predecessor party—and he came up with this idea of internal im-provements. I remind my dear friend, the majority leader, Mr. CLAYwas from Kentucky. Internal improvements were sup-posed to connect what was then the east coast with the far West—Ken-tucky, Tennessee, Ohio—with roads over Appalachia, and ever since, we have had bipartisan support on the Federal Government building infra-structure and putting in the dollars for it but not from President Trump, at least thus far. The President’s plan is a recipe for Trump tolls from one end of America to the other. That is not what the American people are crying out for. They don’t want more tolls. They want us to rebuild our crumbling water sys-tems, bridges, schools, roads, broadband, not finance new tollroads. Unfortunately, the President sur-rounds himself with bankers and fin-anciers. These are folks who used to work at investment banks. They look at infrastructure as an investment to be made by corporations in the private sector, but infrastructure has never been a business investment. Infrastructure has been something the government has invested in for dec-ades and even centuries because the benefits of infrastructure have great— what the economists call externalities. The benefits for having a good highway is not just for the people who use the highway, but if a factory locates near-by because it can get its goods there more frequently and quickly, that is a benefit. A road itself might not gen-erate short-term profits, but a factory might locate nearby and bring jobs and economic vibrancy to an area. The pri-vate sector might not build high-speed internet all the way out to the house at the end of the road if there isn’t a prof-it there, but our rural people are as en-titled to high-speed internet as our people in urban areas and, I might add, there are large parts of my city, New York City, where that last mile isn’t done because there are poorer residents and it is less profitable. That is why there has always been the role of government to stimulate in-frastructure investment, to provide support for necessary maintenance and construction which the private sector would ignore. To connect that house at the end of the road to high-speed inter-net so children living in it can learn, thrive, and benefit in a global economy benefits America, even if someone isn’t making a huge profit immediately from the building of that broadband. It is the same with the highway, the same with the bridge, the same with water and sewer, the same with the school with internet. The bottom line is, if the President wants to sit down with Democrats, of course we want to do it, but if he con-tinues to take this path with a plan cooked up by Wall Street advisers, it will not succeed or it will result in such a small measure that it will not be effective. Again, I say to the President—there is talk, I read in the newspapers—they want to do this by reconciliation, no Democratic votes, just 52 Republican votes in the Senate. The same problem they had with healthcare, the same problem they are having with tax re-form, will repeat itself with infrastruc-ture if you don’t do it in a bipartisan way. Our colleagues constantly remind us that ObamaCare didn’t work because it was done by one party, but now they are letting Trump lead them to do the same thing on just about every major issue. It is a formula for failure Presi-dent Trump is advocating. He hasn’t been down here in Washington that long. It is up to our Republican col-leagues to teach him that working in a bipartisan way is the only way you can really get things done. So my view is, we need bipartisan-ship, but the President might not get— just remember that many Republicans are very negative, initially at least, with a private sector-driven infrastruc-ture bill because they represent rural areas. Here is what a Republican Senator from Wyoming, Mr. B
ARRASSO —fine man—said: ‘‘Funding solutions that in-volve public-private partnerships do not work for rural areas.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.002 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3255 June 6, 2017 
My friend, the Republican Senator from West Virginia, has said: ‘‘As a person who represents an almost all- rural State . . . I’m concerned about how we are going to be able to incent the private dollars to go to the less- populated, less-economically developed areas of our country, because the in-vestments are just as important.’’ The bottom line is this, an invest-ment bank infrastructure plan like the one the President is proposing is a sure loser in Congress. A Goldman Sachs in-frastructure plan just will not work, except for a few. It would turn over a public good to the whims of private fi-nance, who will not build infrastruc-ture where America needs it. They will build it where they can make a buck, and that means tolls paid by working Americans and middle-class Ameri-cans. That means rural areas will not get the support they need. That means any project that can’t generate user fees or taxes—like repairing our schools or water sewer systems—will not get done. There is no free lunch. When the pri-vate sector wants to finance infrastruc-ture, they naturally—that is our free enterprise system—want to get repaid, but who is going to repay them? The average American: the truckdriver who is scratching out a living, the salesman or saleswoman who is scratching out a living, the family who is going on vaca-tion and has to stop every 30 miles for another big toll, the small business that depends on roads to get the goods to and from that business location. If the President truly wants to re-build our Nation’s infrastructure, he has to approach this issue in a bipar-tisan way. There are several Repub-licans who don’t want the Federal Gov-ernment to spend any more money on infrastructure, but the majority of Senators of both parties probably do. The President needs to sit down with Democrats and work something out if he wants to get something done. He hasn’t sat down with Democrats. He doesn’t seem to want to. There are even reports that the President is con-sidering doing infrastructure on rec-onciliation. That means just Repub-lican votes, a huge mistake. Republicans have been tied in a knot here in Washington. The President has been tied here in a knot in Washington because he insists on going at it alone. Look at the entire Trump adminis-tration agenda. President Trump ran against both the Democratic and Re-publican establishments—a populist, if you will, but he has thrown his lot, since he has become President, with hard-right conservatives and is now pursuing an agenda entirely through the partisan process Republicans once decried—healthcare, reconciliation; taxes, the same. Now infrastructure? The one area where we kept the Presi-dent out of it, the appropriations proc-ess worked swimmingly well. Leader M
CCONNELL and I, Senators C OCHRAN  and L
EAHY , and the House Members got together in a bipartisan way and we worked it out. We each thought we had some victories. It worked, but I had to stand at this desk and tell our Repub-lican colleagues to keep the President out of it because it will bullocks every-thing up. Fortunately, they did. Maybe we can do that again. I would say to the President: Mr. President, you can spend your entire first-term agenda trying to jam through partisan bills. That would be a shame because America needs to get moving again. On infrastructure, this is an issue where we really have some common ground. That is why Senate Democrats put forward a trillion-dollar infrastructure plan that would create millions of jobs and actually fix our crumbling roads and bridges, invest in every corner of America, with par-ticular attention to rural America. We stand ready and willing to work with the President on that plan or something similar that actually achieves what he promised on the cam-paign trail. f 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, an-other matter: healthcare. According to reports, Republican Senators were planning to use the State work period last week to rewrite their healthcare bill. Well, now we are back in session, and unfortunately my friends on the other side of the aisle don’t seem to be any closer to having a bill. If they do have one, they are hiding it and going down the same path as House Repub-licans—drafting a bill that will impact tens of millions in secret, no trans-parency, no committee hearings, no de-bate. Even with all this secrecy, more and more Republicans seem increasingly pessimistic about finding a Republican- only bill that can get 50 votes in the Senate. Over the weekend, the senior Republican Senator from North Caro-lina, Mr. B
URR, said: ‘‘I don’t see a comprehensive health-care plan this year.’’ Just yesterday, Senator T
HUNE , a member of the Republican leadership, said the Republicans may rush a healthcare bill to the floor before they know if it has the support of their cau-cus. Well, my friends on the other side of the aisle are learning how difficult it is to refigure our healthcare system under a process with only votes from one party—the so-called reconciliation process—and do it in a way that actu-ally improves our healthcare, not dev-astate it, as the House bill would. I hope my Republican friends will re-alize the only way we will get votes necessary to pass a healthcare bill is to drop repeal and work with Democrats to improve our healthcare system, not to sabotage it. We stand ready and willing to work with our Republican colleagues to further stabilize the in-surance markets, build on the progress we have made in healthcare. In fact, we are running out of time before the 2018 rates are locked in. Most insurance companies are saying they are raising rates because of the uncertainty Republicans continue to inject into the market. The President has not come out permanently for cost- sharing, which would reduce premiums and keep people in the market. They just sort of do it one at a time, and that is going to make the markets worse. The public already unfortunately will blame those in charge—our Republican friends and the President—for the mess, as much as they would like to look past—as much of our colleagues on the another side of the aisle want to point fingers. People want something done now. They don’t want fingers of blame pointed back at what happened 5 years ago or 8 years ago. We Democrats don’t want to tear ev-erything down and start over again. Let’s keep all the progress—the 20 mil-lion more Americans insured, the kids who can stay on their parents’ plan, the protections for folks with pre-existing conditions—and find ways to make even more progress on bringing down costs for consumers and improv-ing the quality of care. I yield the floor. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the Elwood nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Courtney Elwood, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I came to the floor to talk about other mat-ters, and I will get to those in a mo-ment. I can’t help but be struck by the Democratic leader’s sudden interest in addressing healthcare reform. It is a fact that even if Hillary Clin-ton were elected President of the United States, we would be revisiting the failed promises of the Affordable Care Act. For example, premiums, since 2013, have gone up 105 percent in the individual market. Those are peo-ple who don’t have employer-provided coverage or aren’t on Medicare or Med-icaid. Small businesses and individuals who have to go out and purchase their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.004 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3256 June 6, 2017 
healthcare have seen premiums go up 105 percent. We hear stories every day—and I will recount some of those from Texas— where people say they have zero choices. For example, in Iowa, we learned there are no insurance compa-nies that are willing to sell health in-surance on the individual market. That isn’t because of anything that Presi-dent Trump or the Republican major-ity have done. These are the failures of ObamaCare. President Obama made extravagant promises about ObamaCare, none of which has really proven to be true. He said he would bring down premiums $2,500 for a family of four. Well, these folks in the individual market have seen their premiums go up 105 percent since 2013. He said that if you like your policy, you could keep your policy. That proved not to be true because un-less you bought the government-ap-proved healthcare policy, insurance companies couldn’t sell it on the ex-changes. He said: If you like your doc-tor, you can keep your doctor. But as people found out when their policies changed, frequently the doc-tors in the network they could see changed. People saw premiums go up. They lost coverage they liked, and they lost the doctor they had con-fidence in. So the suggestion of the Democratic leader that somehow this current situ-ation is a result of President Trump or congressional action is ludicrous. I think people understand that, but I just couldn’t resist responding a little bit to what he had to say, because sometimes when people don’t respond they assume there isn’t a response, and clearly there is. 
TRIBUTE TO TEXAS MILITARY ACADEMY  
APPOINTEES  
Mr. President, it is good to be back at work here in Washington after a work week at home. I had the honor, starting on Memorial Day, of spending some time with Texas’s newest recruits to our country’s military academies. Every year, now for the 11th year, I have had the privilege of hosting an academy sendoff ceremony in ‘‘Mili-tary City U.S.A.,’’ my hometown of San Antonio. This annual gathering recognizes the bright young Texans who have accepted an appointment to one of the premier military academies that serve our Armed Forces, and I am always proud to celebrate the incred-ible achievement they have made so far in their young lives and encourage them as they begin a life of public serv-ice. It is truly inspirational, and it is my favorite event of the year. This year about 272 young Texans have answered the call to get a service academy education and a career in military service. It is a good deal if you can qualify for it because basically you get a free ride to one of these premier service academies, and we train the next generation of military leaders, which is good for all of us. My wife Sandy and I look forward to this event each year, and we find that Memorial Day is a fitting time to send off these young men and women, while we at the same time remembering the ultimate sacrifice made by those who gave their lives answering that same call to service. I try to recruit a top-tier speaker to these events, somebody who will chal-lenge and inspire these young men and women, and this year was no exception. ADM William McRaven, the Chancellor of the University of Texas System, spoke to these incoming midshipmen about lessons he learned in public serv-ice and his 37 years in the U.S. Navy as a Navy SEAL. He spoke candidly that this would be the greatest challenge of their young lives but also the most rewarding. He said it would be a decision they would never regret. He also spent some time— appropriately, on Memorial Day—talk-ing about the heroes who have sac-rificed all to serve the military in the greatest country in the world. So all in all, Memorial Day was a great day, and it was a great event for these young men and women. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS ACCOUNT -
ABILITY AND WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION  
BILL 
Mr. President, as we come back the week after Memorial Day, I know I am not the only one encouraged to find better and more effective ways to serve our country. Fortunately, this Cham-ber in the Senate will have a chance to do that. Soon we will vote on a bill that will reform the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, a Department rid-dled with inefficiencies and marked too often by scandal and corruption. This is a huge government depart-ment. At last count, some 330,000 peo-ple worked for the Veterans’ Adminis-tration and, unfortunately, we have all become familiar with the horror stories of fake scheduling, indicating that peo-ple actually were being seen who were not seen, huge wait times, and people literally dying as a result of not get-ting the treatment they earned by vir-tue of their service in the military through the Department of Veterans Affairs. The legislation we will vote on is called the Department of Veterans Af-fairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act. It will protect the Vet-erans’ Administration employees who care deeply for veterans by protecting them as whistleblowers. It also pro-vides managers with the tools they need to address poor performance and misconduct. To sum it up, this bill will make it easier for VA employees to be held accountable, and that is some-thing the Veterans’ Administration and our veterans desperately need, and it has for some time. It will make the VA work better for the men and women who have served us so well. I should point out that at a time when I suspect people doubt whether there is any bipartisanship in the Con-gress or in Washington, this is a bipar-tisan piece of legislation. It was voted out of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee by a voice vote 2 weeks ago, which es-sentially is by unanimous consent. It has growing support among groups focused on helping our returning war-riors to get the treatment, care, and support they need. That is because the VA bill will do what it is supposed to do and, unfortunately, hasn’t always done well, which is to serve our vet-erans. Like all of us, I have the honor of meeting with our veterans regularly and working with them to help them succeed after giving so much of them-selves to keep our country safe. One other example of bipartisan leg-islation that was signed last week by the President of the United States is a bill called the American Law Enforce-ment Heroes Act, a bill that I intro-duced to help connect veterans to op-portunities in law enforcement in their local communities. So it is another ex-ample—perhaps, not in the headlines. There is not a big partisan food fight over it. So maybe most people are not aware of it. But I think it is important to remind people that, amid all of the distractions they see in Washington and in the news, there is important work being done to benefit people who certainty deserve it, and that would be the case for our veterans. I am thankful for the work of the chairman of the Senate Veterans’ Af-fairs Committee, Senator I
SAKSON , as well as the diligent and thoughtful work of the Senator from Florida, Mr. R
UBIO, on this important veterans bill. I look forward to passing this bill soon. Mr. President, I also look forward this afternoon to confirming the nomi-nee for general counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency. Director Pompeo has been there for some time now, hav-ing been nominated by President Trump and confirmed. He is an out-standing choice to be the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Like every organization, it seems these days, the CIA needs a good lawyer to lead its effort to make sure that it con-ducts itself precisely in accordance with the rule of law. Ms. Elwood is extraordinarily quali-fied. She served during the administra-tion of President George W. Bush as Counselor to the Attorney General, Deputy Counsel to the Vice President, and Associate Counsel to the Presi-dent. I am confident that she will serve as a sharp, independent mind to the CIA. I hope we will confirm Courtney Elwood soon, and I trust we will. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Finally, Mr. President, as we redou-ble our work on the failed ObamaCare law and seek to replace it with market- driven solutions so people can actually buy insurance they want at a price they can afford, I want to briefly re-mind my colleagues why we are fixing it. I alluded to that at the beginning, and I will close with a few more re-minders. Just last week it was reported that only three insurance companies that offered plans on the ObamaCare ex-changes will return to the Houston 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.005 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3257 June 6, 2017 
area in 2018. In 2016, just last year, there was more than twice that num-ber. So we see that the pool of avail-able choices for Americans on the ex-changes has shrunk and continues to shrink in places such as Iowa, where it has gone away entirely and where there is no insurance company willing to sell insurance on the ObamaCare ex-changes. Houston, after all, is the Na-tion’s fourth most populous city. So if you see that sort of trend there, it can and will happen everywhere. ObamaCare continues to fail the American people by not delivering on its promises. I have said before that in my previous life I was attorney general of the State of Texas. One of the most important jobs the attorney general’s office does is consumer protection, pro-tecting consumers from fraudsters and those who would try to deceive them and cheat them out of their hard- earned money. I have said, because I believe it to be true, that ObamaCare represents one of the largest cases of consumer fraud I have ever seen. When President Obama made the extravagant promises he made and yet we have the evidence of its failure, it is clear that the American people were misled when it came to ObamaCare. Many people aren’t getting the ac-cess to healthcare they thought, and those who are using ObamaCare ex-changes are finding it increasingly ex-pensive. The premiums, as I indicated earlier, have gone up 105 percent in 39 States with ObamaCare exchanges, since 2013 alone. Then, with the deduct-ible, most people find that their out-of- pocket costs before the insurance actu-ally kicks in keeps going up and up and up, to the extent that many people es-sentially find themselves without the benefit of the insurance they are pay-ing so much for because the deductible is so high. We know the insurers on the exchanges just keep passing the cost on to the customer, with rate increases up almost 50 percent in many cases. That is just in the Houston area, which I am talking about. Obviously, the 105 per-cent in 2016 is a nationwide number. We know that nationwide, as well, only one in three counties has only one in-surer on the ObamaCare exchange as of 2017. This is just simply unsustainable, and it is irresponsible. That is why my colleagues and I are committed to doing something about it. Our friend, the Democratic leader, was in here claiming that the insta-bility in the market and the fact that premiums are so high and insurance companies are leaving are as a result of the instability created by political un-certainty now. Well, that is clearly not the case. ObamaCare has been with us since 2016, and it has been a terrible failure for the people who buy their in-surance on the individual markets. That is why we are committed to doing everything we can to replacing it with patient-centered options that actually work to help people get the type of cov-erage they want at a price they can af-ford. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today the Senate will vote on the nomination of Courtney Elwood to be CIA general counsel. This is an important job that got even more important in the past week. As I will explain, this position may play a crucial role in determining whether history is erased or preserved for generations of Americans to come. As Senators know, last week the cur-rent chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee demanded that several key government agencies get rid of their copies of the torture report prepared by Senator F
EINSTEIN and her colleagues. I am going to take a few minutes to de-scribe what this has to do with Court-ney Elwood. In short, it starts with the CIA’s his-tory of torture, which was carefully documented and sourced by the Intel-ligence Committee under Senator F
EIN-
STEIN ’s leadership. This is the issue that is being debated—the CIA’s his-tory of torture. That is why it is criti-cally important that the CIA get back its copy of the report. If Courtney Elwood is confirmed, the decision on whether to do so may be up to her. Here is why: The CIA Director, Mr. Pompeo, who said at his confirmation hearing that he would read the report, has gotten rid of the CIA’s copy. He did so despite the fact that the current chair of the Intelligence Committee had no authority to demand that of him. Mr. Pompeo got rid of the report despite a personal promise to read it, and he did this even though it may have violated the law. It certainly vio-lated a fundamental principle impor-tant to the American people that in this country, we don’t erase history. Now, this can be fixed. The CIA can get the report back. It can do what Senator F
EINSTEIN told the government to do back in 2014, which is to dis-tribute this report, read it, and learn from it. Will Director Pompeo get the report back on his own? There is no reason to think so. But if there is one thing Director Pompeo said again and again in his remarks during the con-firmation process, it is that he told the Senate Intelligence Committee repeat-edly that he is going to rely on the ad-vice of his lawyers. That is exactly where Courtney Elwood comes in. What will her advice be to Director Pompeo? What will she advise him about whether to allow this attempt to erase history to stand or whether it is going to get fixed and the report is going to be brought back? The Senate doesn’t have any idea this morning. We do know that Ms. Elwood’s responses to questions on the torture issue were troubling and that we need to look at those responses in a whole new light based on what hap-pened last week. Ms. Elwood said that she read the un-classified executive summary of the torture report, but based on her re-sponses to questions, the 500-page exec-utive summary was not adequate for her. It was not sufficient for her to conclude whether the CIA’s interroga-tion techniques violated the law. Clear-ly, she needed to read the classified re-port. Ms. Elwood, in both her written answers and at her hearing, said that she would read the classified report. But now, because of what the current chair of the Intelligence Committee and the Director of the CIA have done, it is not going to be available. It is not going to be available for her to read. Many Members of this body have spo-ken out about the torture report and the need for its lessons to be learned so this country never again engages in the kind of illegal, damaging program that Senator FEINSTEIN has documented. But now there is an issue that goes be-yond what the Senate has thought this was all about. Now there is an indi-vidual nominee for whom these lessons are critical. This nominee told our committee that she had not yet studied whether the CIA’s torture techniques were legal. She told us she would read the report, and now the report is gone. What could be more troubling than that? What is at issue here is one of the most disturbing and undemocratic events ever to take place in the U.S. Senate. The current chair of the Sen-ate Intelligence Committee has told the executive branch to get rid of its copies of the report, and at least some of the agencies have sent their only copies to the committee. I am going to be clear: The current chair does not have the authority to do this. First, in December of 2014, the full, final, classified report was filed as a Senate report. It is therefore not a committee document. Second, no one can retroactively change the status of a historical Senate report. The report was finalized, filed, and transmitted to the executive branch during the 113th Congress. Only in the 114th Congress did the current chair assume the chair-manship and begin to assert control over the report. Think about the implications here. How can this body allow Members of Congress who don’t like what a pre-vious Congress has done to unilaterally try to erase history? How many other congressional reports would be at risk? There are other reports that have not yet been fully declassified. Should the Senate worry about whether or not they will be protected? Should Ameri-cans be concerned that the country’s historical records are going to be erased before the public ever sees them? My view is that this effort by the current chair of the committee is an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.007 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3258 June 6, 2017 
assault on one of the fundamental val-ues of our democracy. In this country, we don’t eradicate the historical record just because we find it uncomfortable. There is a reason insecure dictators do it, and there is a reason this kind of thing has never happened here. It is be-cause we are a confident democracy that has always looked to our own his-tory and all our flaws as we seek to build a better Nation. We are better than this. I urge my colleagues to defend these principles. I urge them to vote against this nomina-tion. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, I wish to add my support this morning for Courtney Elwood as the next general counsel of the CIA—not that she really needs it. In her many years of public service and private practice, Courtney has earned the esteem of her colleagues across both parties and two adminis-trations. David Kris, an Obama ap-pointee, calls her ‘‘a first-class law-yer.’’ Ben Powell, a Bush appointee, calls her ‘‘one of the finest lawyers of her generation.’’ Caroline Krass, an-other Obama appointee, calls her ‘‘an excellent choice.’’ And Wan Kim, an-other Bush appointee, says she is ‘‘careful, brilliant, and highly accom-plished.’’ In other words, you don’t need me to tell you Courtney Elwood is a first-rate attorney. In fact, you don’t need any-one to tell you that because her accom-plishments speak for themselves. She graduated from Yale Law School in 1994 and went on to clerk for both Judge Mike Luttig on the Fourth Cir-cuit and then-Chief Justice William Rehnquist at the Supreme Court. After spending some time in private practice, she worked for 6 years in the George W. Bush administration, rising from asso-ciate counsel to the President, to dep-uty counsel to the Vice President, to Deputy Chief of Staff and Counselor to the Attorney General. We are not talking about a rookie lawyer who is inexperienced in the ways of Washington or in the corridors of power. Her commitment to the law is unquestioned and unquestionable. She is just the person we need for this position. The general counsel of the CIA will help Director Pompeo navigate the many twists and turns of the thorny legal terrain as our intelligence com-munity defends our country against a wide range of threats: terrorism, cyber warfare, and good, old-fashioned espio-nage. We need people of the highest caliber serving at our national security agencies, and there is broad agreement that Courtney Elwood fits the bill. I am happy to support her nomina-tion, and I thank her and her family for answering the call to serve once again. (The remarks of Mr. C
OTTON per-taining to the introduction of S. 1297 are printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Statements on Introduced Bills and Joint Resolutions.’’) Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, in the critical debate about the balance between national security and rights to privacy, the truth must be paramount. Time and again, President Trump has misled the American public about na-tional security matters, including tor-ture, surveillance, and intelligence. Trump has claimed that ‘‘torture works’’ and that ‘‘we should go much stronger than waterboarding,’’ despite widespread evidence that enhanced in-terrogation techniques are not effec-tive in acquiring intelligence or gain-ing cooperation from detainees. With-out any evidence, President Trump al-leged that President Obama illegally wiretapped the phones of Trump Tow-ers. Former FBI Director James Comey soundly rejected this conspiracy the-ory, a statement that likely played a role in his firing. President Trump re-peatedly dismissed intelligence that Russia interfered in our 2016 elections and derided our intelligence commu-nity for its assessments. His rejection of truth, to stoke fear and resentment in the American public, is unethical and dangerous. It is a threat to Amer-ican freedoms. In this extraordinary environment, the CIA’s leadership must not only pro-vide objective and sound intelligence assessments to the President, it must faithfully ensure that the President is adhering to the law. The role of the General Counsel is particularly critical at this moment, when our sitting President has openly denounced or dis-played alarming ignorance of existing laws on intelligence matters. As the CIA General Counsel’s guidance is pro-vided entirely in secret, with no public transparency, it is imperative that the American public have as clear an un-derstanding as possible of the nomi-nee’s prior record of legal interpreta-tion. On this point, Courtney Elwood’s his-tory under President George W. Bush is troubling. At the Department of Jus-tice, Ms. Elwood was involved in dis-cussions regarding the legal justifica-tion for the ‘‘warrantless wiretapping program,’’ in which the Bush adminis-tration collected telephonic and email communications of U.S. persons on U.S. soil without a court order. The Bush administration, in memos that are now declassified, argued that the President has inherent constitutional power to monitor Americans’ commu-nications without a warrant in a time of war. Given the perennial nature of America’s war footing, this argument afforded the President a virtually un-limited authority to surveil Ameri-cans. When asked for her views on this legal justification in testimony before the Senate Select Committee on Intel-ligence, Ms. Elwood asserted that the program was ‘‘carefully reasoned’’ and that the Justice Department was ‘‘thorough in its analysis.’’ Ms. Elwood’s record on torture is also cause for concern. While I was pleased with Ms. Elwood’s testimony that the reinstatement of torture would be illegal under existing law, I am concerned with her prior work on cases involving the detention of enemy combatants, military commissions, and the constitutionality of national security programs under President Bush. For these reasons, I cannot sup-port her nomination. Mr. COTTON. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I am here to speak about a topic which, wherever I go, people speak about—the replacement of the Affordable Care Act or ObamaCare, as people call it. Clear-ly, we need action. I had a Facebook post maybe a week or two ago from Brian in Covington, LA. He said: My family plan is $1,700. The quote goes on to say how his fam-ily cannot afford that $1,700. Rates are going up, which I have said time and time again. My friend back in Baton Rouge, he and his wife are 60, 61. The quote for their insurance last year was $39,000—for 1 year. That is clearly not affordable. This is not just in Lou-isiana; it is in Washington, DC, it is in California, it is across our Nation where individual market quotes are going up that they cannot support. Most recently, Connecticut insur-ers—there are two—are proposing rate increases that are 15.2 percent and 33.8 percent, on average, respectively. They are quoting 22 percent over 2017. In Maryland, some insurers are going to raise rates as much as 59 percent for those individual plans. I am a physician. I learned a couple of things in my 20 or 30 years of prac-tice. One, to lower costs, the patient must have the power; and, two, the in-surance must be affordable; and, three, that the insurance they receive must be adequate. President Trump totally got this. On the campaign trail, Presi-dent Trump said time and again—what I call his contract with the voter. He wanted folks to maintain coverage with lower premiums, care for those with preexisting conditions, and elimi-nating mandates. I think President Trump just knew it. I shorthand this, if you will, saying, if we focus on low-ering premiums and making sure it passes the Jimmy Kimmel test. The late-night comedian, when his child was born with a terrible heart problem, immediately got the care that child needed. So if we can have insurance that passes the Jimmy Kimmel test— lowering premiums, taking care of the rest of President Trump’s goals, then I think we can accomplish it. We need to talk to experts, actuaries, those who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.009 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3259 June 6, 2017 
design insurance plans, to make sure we come up with something. There is something else the President said that I want to focus on. This is just before he took the oath of office. He said people covered under the law— meaning the Republican replacement— can expect to have great healthcare. ‘‘It will be much simplified.’’ One of the complaints about the Affordable Care Act is it is so complicated. Even online, 16 pages online, with your W–2, if you don’t get it, you get booted out. The President said we must have a much simpler way of going about this— much less expensive and much better. What could this look like? Let me propose some conservative solutions that could be in a Republican plan that would achieve the President’s goal. First, the patient has to have the power. In my 30 years of practice, I found that if the patient has the power, the system lines up to serve her. One example is price transparency. If we can put in that a provider has to pub-lish the provider’s price, so the patient getting the blood test knows the cost of the blood test at that moment and can compare it to someone down the street, we will lower cost. One example just came up in a news-paper out of New Orleans. Nola.com is their website. A woman went in and got blood tests. She received a bill weeks later and her bill was for $324. She found she could have gotten the same blood test for $34 right down the street. A woman from Texas came up. She said she heard me speak of price transparency—the power of negoti-ating, if you will. The doctor ordered an MRI on her son’s shoulder. She called up the different places where she could have it done and she got a price of $667. On my Facebook page is a little video of her speaking: I got it for $667. Then I remembered what you said: If you pay cash, you get a discount. I called them back. I said, if I pay cash, will you give me a lower price? They said: Pay us cash, we will cut that $667 to $400. The patient had the power. So she ended up paying far less for the procedure the doctor ordered. That is one conservative solution, give the pa-tient the power. Secondly, let States innovate. We need to take all of this power that ObamaCare brought to Washington, DC, and push it back out to the States. If we do that, we are going to accom-plish something. Let’s just acknowl-edge that there are 700,000 people or so in Alaska. If you took a map of the State of Alaska and put it over the lower 48, it would stretch from roughly Georgia to the Pacific Ocean. Wash-ington, DC, has almost the same popu-lation as Alaska, and you can walk across the city in a morning. Clearly, you need different solutions for an area you can walk across and an area you cannot fly across in the same time that you would walk across Washington, DC. We have to return power back to the patients. We have to engage doc-tors and patients so those patients with complex conditions get their healthcare managed. I use the example of a diabetic. She perhaps developed childhood diabetes, and now she is 35 years old. If a doctor is managing her condition, she works, stays at home, her complications are minimal, and her life is much better. If her condition is not managed, she comes to the emer-gency room three times a month with diabetes out of control. That just shoots a hole in the bucket of fiscal re-sponsibility and also in her health. In-stead of working, keeping a family, she is coming to the hospital, getting care through the emergency room, which she cannot afford to pay for, and that cost is shifted to everyone else. That is not the way to manage that. We need to engage doctors with patients. Another conservative solution is we need more competition between insur-ers so there is not just one insurance company in the market that can there-fore set prices but rather we have mul-tiple. So if we give the patient the power by giving the patient a tax cred-it that she can use to purchase the in-surance she wishes to have, that will create competition as more insurers enter the market. If we have that com-petition—those market forces—prices come down. When the President said we have to make things simpler, I think that also includes how we enroll people in insur-ance. We figured that out on Medicare. Under Medicare, if someone turns 65, they are on Medicare. It could not be simpler. They get a letter. They are on Medicare. If they don’t want to, they can call: Hey, I don’t want to be on Medicare. But as a rule, they are on Medicare. Fortune 500 companies have figured out the same thing. In order to enroll people into retirement plans they say: Listen, you are in the 401(k) plan un-less you choose not to be. That makes it simpler to get a 95-percent enroll-ment in retirement plans. Now, you could say: Hey, listen, you have to fill out a bunch of forms. If you don’t fill out these forms, you are not going to be enrolled. But that would not work for Medicare. It would not work for 401(k)s. It has not worked under ObamaCare. We need to take those same sort of solutions we have found for both Medi-care and enrolling people in their re-tirement and do it for the Republican alternative. The Republican alternative would say: We make it easy to enroll. You are in unless you are out. So if you are eli-gible for a tax credit, you would re-ceive it. You would then have the in-surance. If you were passive about it, you would have a default policy. But if you are active, you could do more with it. But by doing so, you actually in-crease the number of people insured. Now, when you increase the pool of those insured, you lower premiums. We had Blue Cross look at our proposal to make it easy to enroll: You are in un-less you are out. That would lower pre-miums by 20 percent, just by expanding the number of those who are insured— 20 percent. So when President Trump says he wants to continue coverage, caring for those with preexisting conditions with-out mandates and lowering premiums, doing this feature where you are in un-less you call us and tell us you don’t want to be and making it simple achieves all four goals. We would increase coverage. By that, we would lower premiums, taking care of those with preexisting conditions. Now, again, it is using the mechanism that is already used in Medicare and in Fortune 500 companies, making it easy to enroll. There are some who don’t want to give States the options. They don’t want to give patients the options. They don’t want to make it simple to enroll. They want to replace, if you will, the tyranny of ObamaCare—where all of this power is taken to Wash-ington, DC, and States and people were told what they had to do—with a dif-ferent sort of tyranny, telling States what they can’t do. I think we ought to give as much power to the States, as much latitude to the patients to come up with the so-lutions that work for them. That is the conservative way to go. But I will say, in speaking with con-servatives, that I very much invite our Democratic colleagues to come to the table. There are some of my Demo-cratic colleagues who have said they just want Republicans to work through this, thinking that it might be a polit-ical train wreck that would work to their advantage. But in those States there are Americans whose premiums are becoming unaffordable. I mentioned earlier that in Con-necticut premiums are rising 15 and 34 percent this year. In Oregon, it is as high as 22 percent, and Maryland is as high as 60 percent. Now, who cares if the person is a Democrat or a Republican? If her pre-mium is increasing 60 percent, she can-not afford it. So I challenge my Demo-cratic colleagues to get off the side-lines and engage. Try to do something not for political purposes but for the purpose of that person who is at home struggling to pay the bills and deciding that she can no longer afford insur-ance, but, perhaps unbeknown to her, she has a cancer brewing inside her. Just when she decides she can no longer afford coverage because pre-miums have risen 60 percent, that is when her cancer is discovered. We have to address this. It will take us on either side of the aisle—both Democrats and Republicans—to work together. I will finish with a quote from a fellow from Covington, Brian, on my Facebook page. He said that his family plan is $1,700 a month, for him, his wife, and his two children. The ACA, the Affordable Care Act, or ObamaCare, has brought him to his knees. I hope we can get something done. The middle class is dwindling away. Can everyone just come together and figure this out? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:50 Jun 06, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.014 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3260 June 6, 2017 
This is a cry for help. It is a chal-lenge to Republicans and Democrats to come up with a plan that is not a red plan or a blue plan but an American plan to address his needs, his wife’s needs, and those similar to him across the country. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. 
HONORING THE GHOST ARMY  
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, thank you and Senator C
ASSIDY . We just came back, as we all know, from the Memo-rial Day recess. I wanted today not to only reflect on that but also to reflect on our anniversary of D-day and the day that our Allies invaded France in 1944. In doing so today, I would like to speak and pay tribute to all of those— including, but not limited to, Ameri-cans, but especially Americans—who risked their lives to defend our free-doms. In particular, I come today to recog-nize a special group of dedicated sol-diers. You probably have not heard of them, but they are referred to as the Ghost Army—the Ghost Army. This is a unit that served in World War II. It was comprised of the 23rd Headquarters Special Troops and the 3133rd Signal Service Company. The personnel of this U.S. Army unit were handpicked. They were handpicked for their artistic and creative characteristics, and you will see why in just a moment. They handled top secret information, and they were among some of Amer-ica’s most promising artists, engineers, and signals professionals. The mission of the Ghost Army was very simple: Fool Adolph Hitler—fool Adolph Hitler by using what was called tactical de-ception. The Ghost Army’s deceptive creation of fake battles, inflatable tanks, theatrical props, and other in-ventive equipment falsified troop movements, and had our enemies chas-ing ghosts—hence the name the Ghost Army. Beginning in Normandy 2 weeks after D-day and ending in the Rhine River Valley, the Ghost Army staged over 20 fake battles—fake battlefield decep-tions. The German Army did not know whether they were coming or going, thanks to the Ghost Army. These per-formances, of course, were illusions. They were called illusions by the sol-diers. They occurred in the most dan-gerous spot in the war, on the frontline of battle. Now, without the Ghost Army’s dedi-cation and fearless perseverance, Allied successes at the Battle of the Bulge and the final battles in Po Valley, Italy, would not have been possible. The 23rd unit was composed of only 1,184 men—1,200 men. They put them-selves at risk every day at the fore-front of danger, and they fought tire-lessly. They used ingenious, innovative methods to mislead the enemy, ulti-mately leading the Allies to many vic-tories in Europe. Because of their brav-ery, because of the bravery of the 1,200 men in the Ghost Army, up to 30,000 American soldiers and 10,000 German soldiers were able to return home alive. So why are we waiting until today to honor these 1,184 brave Americans? Be-cause until recently the Ghost Army’s mission was classified. It was top se-cret. Nobody except the members of the Ghost Army knew anything about it. This has finally changed. That is one of the reasons I am here today. I am proud to be a cosponsor of the Ghost Army soldier bill, a bipartisan effort led by Senators MARKEY , COL-
LINS, and K ING. This long overdue legis-lation will award a Congressional Gold Medal to the 23rd Headquarters Special Troops and the 3133rd Signal Service Company. It is a privilege to share that, in my home State of Louisiana, the Ghost Army is being recognized at the New Orleans Museum of Art. Soldier’s art is on display depicting many watercolor portraits, as well as graphite portraits, of civilians, soldiers, and refugees dur-ing World War II. It is a legacy that our great State now gets to honor. Specifically, I want to recognize six brave men from Louisiana, my State, who were members of the Ghost Army. Hilton Howell Railey of New Orleans is a prominent journalist and the author of ‘‘Touch’d with Madness.’’ He re-cruited several of the handpicked 23rd. Mr. Railey trained and deployed the 3133rd Signal Service Company, which served in Italy. There is Jim Stegg of New Orleans, a longtime faculty member at Tulane. He was an artist; in fact, there is a ret-rospective of his work at the New Orle-ans Museum of Art’s Ghost Army ex-hibit. Also, there is Mr. Murphy P. Martin, of St. Martinville, LA; Mr. Thomas L. Raggio, of Lake Charles, LA; Mr. Roy L. Ravia, of Calcasieu Parish, in my State; Mr. Alvin J. Picard, of Vermilion Parish; and last but cer-tainly not least, Mr. Anderson B. Wil-son, of Slidell, LA. Unfortunately, Mr. Wilson is the only Ghost Army solder still alive in Lou-isiana. I had the rare privilege and the rare honor of speaking with Mr. Wilson this morning. In December of 1943, President Roosevelt authorized the Ghost Army unit. Only 2 weeks later, in January 1944, Mr. Wilson was on his way to Camp Mack Morris, TN, to join the Ghost Army. Who says the Federal Government can’t move quickly when it wants to? Mr. Wilson trained there until May, when his unit was shipped out of New York to Liverpool, England. It was the largest convoy that at the time had ever crossed the Atlantic Ocean. From there, Mr. Wilson and his team trav-eled more than any other unit. From England they went to France. They went to Belgium. They went to Hol-land. They went to Luxembourg, and they went to Germany. Mr. Wilson and his comrades fought fearlessly through the war’s end as members of the Ghost Army. In July 1945, Mr. Wilson finally came home. However, while he came home safely, he could not even disclose, he couldn’t even talk about—even to his own fam-ily—the honorable service unit he was a part of. Now, it is humbling to me to hear a man’s sacrifice, to go through what he went through and not even be able to talk about it with his family, but he kept his word out of honor to his country. The willingness of Mr. Wilson and his fellow soldiers to risk their own lives to defend the freedom we have today— well, it, too, is humbling. Mr. Wilson returned home in 1945. And I hope he is listening right now. He has been a little under the weather. He was in the hospital when I spoke to him today. It wasn’t until the 1990s, when Mr. Wilson was married with two grown children, that he could ever talk about his service to this great country, share his stories, share his experiences, share his fight to keep the freedoms all of us take for granted every day. Mr. Wilson’s story only gives a snap-shot of the sacrifices and honorable work these men of the Ghost Army gave to the Allied forces victory. And I, for one—and I know all Americans join me—thank them for their service and for the freedoms they protected. I am proud of this Ghost Army legis-lation, and I hope to see it move for-ward and pass so that these fine Ameri-cans can receive the recognition they have long deserved. God bless the members of the Ghost Army. And if you are listening, Mr. Wilson, God bless you. 
f 
RECESS Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-cess until 2:15 p.m. There being no objection, the Senate, at 12:01 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassembled when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Elwood nomination? Mr. WICKER. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 67, nays 33, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 139 Ex.] YEAS—67 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.015 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3261 June 6, 2017 
Graham Grassley Harris Hatch Heitkamp Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—33 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Coons Durbin Franken Gillibrand Hassan Heinrich Heller Hirono Leahy Markey Menendez Merkley Murray Paul Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS ACCOUNTABILITY AND WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION ACT OF 2017 The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session and proceed to the consideration of S. 1094, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 1094) to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been re-ported from the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Account-ability and Whistleblower Protection Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—OFFICE OF ACCOUNTABILITY AND WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION Sec. 101. Establishment of Office of Account-ability and Whistleblower Protec-tion. Sec. 102. Protection of whistleblowers in De-partment of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 103. Report on methods used to investigate employees of Department of Vet-erans Affairs. TITLE II—ACCOUNTABILITY OF SENIOR EXECUTIVES, SUPERVISORS, AND OTHER EMPLOYEES Sec. 201. Improved authorities of Secretary of Veterans Affairs to improve ac-countability of senior executives. Sec. 202. Improved authorities of Secretary of Veterans Affairs to improve ac-countability of employees. Sec. 203. Reduction of benefits for Department of Veterans Affairs employees convicted of certain crimes. Sec. 204. Authority to recoup bonuses or awards paid to employees of Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 205. Authority to recoup relocation ex-penses paid to or on behalf of em-ployees of Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 206. Time period for response to notice of adverse actions against super-visory employees who commit pro-hibited personnel actions. Sec. 207. Direct hiring authority for medical center directors and VISN direc-tors. Sec. 208. Time periods for review of adverse ac-tions with respect to certain em-ployees. Sec. 209. Improvement of training for super-visors. Sec. 210. Assessment and report on effect on senior executives at Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 211. Measurement of Department of Vet-erans Affairs disciplinary process outcomes and effectiveness. TITLE I—OFFICE OF ACCOUNTABILITY AND WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION SEC. 101. ESTABLISHMENT OF OFFICE OF AC-COUNTABILITY AND WHISTLE-BLOWER PROTECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 3 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 323. Office of Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department an office to be known as the ‘Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Office’). ‘‘(b) H
EAD OF OFFICE .—(1) The head of the Office shall be responsible for the functions of the Office and shall be appointed by the Presi-dent pursuant to section 308(a) of this title. ‘‘(2) The head of the Office shall be known as the ‘Assistant Secretary for Accountability and Whistleblower Protection’. ‘‘(3) The Assistant Secretary shall report di-rectly to the Secretary on all matters relating to the Office. ‘‘(4) Notwithstanding section 308(b) of this title, the Secretary may only assign to the As-sistant Secretary responsibilities relating to the functions of the Office set forth in subsection (c). ‘‘(c) F
UNCTIONS .—(1) The functions of the Of-fice are as follows: ‘‘(A) Advising the Secretary on all matters of the Department relating to accountability, in-cluding accountability of employees of the De-partment, retaliation against whistleblowers, and such matters as the Secretary considers similar and affect public trust in the Depart-ment. ‘‘(B) Issuing reports and providing rec-ommendations related to the duties described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) Receiving whistleblower disclosures. ‘‘(D) Referring whistleblower disclosures re-ceived under subparagraph (C) for investigation to the Office of the Medical Inspector, the Office of Inspector General, or other investigative enti-ty, as appropriate, if the Assistant Secretary has reason to believe the whistleblower disclosure is evidence of a violation of a provision of law, mismanagement, gross waste of funds, abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health and safety. ‘‘(E) Receiving and referring disclosures from the Special Counsel for investigation to the Medical Inspector of the Department, the In-spector General of the Department, or such other person with investigatory authority, as the Assistant Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(F) Recording, tracking, reviewing, and con-firming implementation of recommendations from audits and investigations carried out by the Inspector General of the Department, the Medical Inspector of the Department, the Spe-cial Counsel, and the Comptroller General of the United States, including the imposition of dis-ciplinary actions and other corrective actions contained in such recommendations. ‘‘(G) Analyzing data from the Office and the Office of Inspector General telephone hotlines, other whistleblower disclosures, disaggregated by facility and area of health care if appro-priate, and relevant audits and investigations to identify trends and issue reports to the Sec-retary based on analysis conducted under this subparagraph. ‘‘(H) Receiving, reviewing, and investigating allegations of misconduct, retaliation, or poor performance involving— ‘‘(i) an individual in a senior executive posi-tion (as defined in section 713(d) of this title) in the Department; ‘‘(ii) an individual employed in a confidential, policy-making, policy-determining, or policy-ad-vocating position in the Department; or ‘‘(iii) a supervisory employee, if the allegation involves retaliation against an employee for making a whistleblower disclosure. ‘‘(I) Making such recommendations to the Sec-retary for disciplinary action as the Assistant Secretary considers appropriate after substan-tiating any allegation of misconduct or poor performance pursuant to an investigation car-ried out as described in subparagraph (F) or (H). ‘‘(2) In carrying out the functions of the Of-fice, the Assistant Secretary shall ensure that the Office maintains a toll-free telephone num-ber and Internet website to receive anonymous whistleblower disclosures. ‘‘(3) In any case in which the Assistant Sec-retary receives a whistleblower disclosure from an employee of the Department under para-graph (1)(C), the Assistant Secretary may not disclose the identity of the employee without the consent of the employee, except in accordance with the provisions of section 552a of title 5, or as required by any other applicable provision of Federal law. ‘‘(d) STAFF AND RESOURCES .—The Secretary shall ensure that the Assistant Secretary has such staff, resources, and access to information as may be necessary to carry out the functions of the Office. ‘‘(e) R
ELATION TO OFFICE OF GENERAL COUN-
SEL.—The Office shall not be established as an element of the Office of the General Counsel and the Assistant Secretary may not report to the General Counsel. ‘‘(f) R
EPORTS .—(1)(A) Not later than June 30 of each calendar year, beginning with June 30, 2017, the Assistant Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the activi-ties of the Office during the calendar year in which the report is submitted. ‘‘(B) Each report submitted under subpara-graph (A) shall include, for the period covered by the report, the following: ‘‘(i) A full and substantive analysis of the ac-tivities of the Office, including such statistical information as the Assistant Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(ii) Identification of any issues reported to the Secretary under subsection (c)(1)(G), includ-ing such data as the Assistant Secretary con-siders relevant to such issues and any trends the Assistant Secretary may have identified with re-spect to such issues. ‘‘(iii) Identification of such concerns as the Assistant Secretary may have regarding the size, staffing, and resources of the Office and such recommendations as the Assistant Secretary may have for legislative or administrative action to address such concerns. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.002 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3262 June 6, 2017 
‘‘(iv) Such recommendations as the Assistant Secretary may have for legislative or adminis-trative action to improve— ‘‘(I) the process by which concerns are re-ported to the Office; and ‘‘(II) the protection of whistleblowers within the Department. ‘‘(v) Such other matters as the Assistant Sec-retary considers appropriate regarding the func-tions of the Office or other matters relating to the Office. ‘‘(2) If the Secretary receives a recommenda-tion for disciplinary action under subsection (c)(1)(I) and does not take or initiate the rec-ommended disciplinary action before the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Sec-retary received the recommendation, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representa-tives a detailed justification for not taking or initiating such disciplinary action. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘supervisory employee’ means an employee of the Department who is a super-visor as defined in section 7103(a) of title 5. ‘‘(2) The term ‘whistleblower’ means one who makes a whistleblower disclosure. ‘‘(3) The term ‘whistleblower disclosure’ means any disclosure of information by an employee of the Department or individual applying to be-come an employee of the Department which the employee or individual reasonably believes evi-dences— ‘‘(A) a violation of a provision of law; or ‘‘(B) gross mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 308(b) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(12) The functions set forth in section 323(c) of this title.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 3 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘323. Office of Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection.’’. 
SEC. 102. PROTECTION OF WHISTLEBLOWERS IN DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by— (1) striking sections 731, 732, 734, 735, and 736; (2) by redesignating section 733 as section 731; and (3) by adding at the end the following new sections: ‘‘§ 732. Protection of whistleblowers as criteria in evaluation of supervisors ‘‘(a) D
EVELOPMENT AND USE OF CRITERIA RE-
QUIRED .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection, shall develop criteria that— ‘‘(1) the Secretary shall use as a critical ele-ment in any evaluation of the performance of a supervisory employee; and ‘‘(2) promotes the protection of whistleblowers. ‘‘(b) P
RINCIPLES FOR PROTECTION OF WHISTLE -
BLOWERS .—The criteria required by subsection (a) shall include principles for the protection of whistleblowers, such as the degree to which su-pervisory employees respond constructively when employees of the Department report con-cerns, take responsible action to resolve such concerns, and foster an environment in which employees of the Department feel comfortable re-porting concerns to supervisory employees or to the appropriate authorities. ‘‘(c) S
UPERVISORY EMPLOYEE AND WHISTLE -
BLOWER DEFINED .—In this section, the terms ‘supervisory employee’ and ‘whistleblower’ have the meanings given such terms in section 323 of this title. ‘‘§ 733. Training regarding whistleblower dis-closures ‘‘(a) TRAINING .—Not less frequently than once every two years, the Secretary, in coordination with the Whistleblower Protection Ombudsman designated under section 3(d)(1)(C) of the In-spector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), shall provide to each employee of the Depart-ment training regarding whistleblower disclo-sures, including— ‘‘(1) an explanation of each method estab-lished by law in which an employee may file a whistleblower disclosure; ‘‘(2) the right of the employee to petition Con-gress regarding a whistleblower disclosure in ac-cordance with section 7211 of title 5; ‘‘(3) an explanation that the employee may not be prosecuted or reprised against for dis-closing information to Congress, the Inspector General, or another investigatory agency in in-stances where such disclosure is permitted by law, including under sections 5701, 5705, and 7732 of this title, under section 552a of title 5 (commonly referred to as the Privacy Act), under chapter 93 of title 18, and pursuant to regulations promulgated under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Account-ability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–191); ‘‘(4) an explanation of the language that is re-quired to be included in all nondisclosure poli-cies, forms, and agreements pursuant to section 115(a)(1) of the Whistleblower Protection En-hancement Act of 2012 (5 U.S.C. 2302 note); and ‘‘(5) the right of contractors to be protected from reprisal for the disclosure of certain infor-mation under section 4705 or 4712 of title 41. ‘‘(b) M
ANNER TRAINING ISPROVIDED .—The Secretary shall ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that training provided under sub-section (a) is provided in person. ‘‘(c) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not less frequently than once every two years, the Secretary shall pro-vide training on merit system protection in a manner that the Special Counsel certifies as being satisfactory. ‘‘(d) P
UBLICATION .—The Secretary shall pub-lish on the Internet website of the Department, and display prominently at each facility of the Department, the rights of an employee to make a whistleblower disclosure, including the infor-mation described in paragraphs (1) through (5) of subsection (a). ‘‘(e) W
HISTLEBLOWER DISCLOSURE DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘whistleblower disclo-sure’ has the meaning given such term in section 323 of this title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed— (1) by striking the items relating to sections 731 through 736; and (2) by adding at the end the following new items: ‘‘731. Adverse actions against supervisory em-ployees who commit prohibited personnel actions relating to whistleblower complaints. ‘‘732. Protection of whistleblowers as criteria in evaluation of supervisors. ‘‘733. Training regarding whistleblower disclo-sures.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 731 of such title, as redesignated by subsection (a)(2), is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) making a whistleblower disclosure to the Assistant Secretary for Accountability and Whistleblower Protection, the Inspector General of the Department, the Special Counsel, or Con-gress;’’; and (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) through (F) as subparagraphs (B) through (E), respectively; and (iii) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated by clause (ii), by striking ‘‘complaint in accordance with section 732 or with’’ and inserting ‘‘disclo-sure made to the Assistant Secretary for Ac-countability and Whistleblower Protection,’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘through (F)’’ and inserting ‘‘through (E)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) WHISTLEBLOWER DISCLOSURE DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘whistleblower disclo-sure’ has the meaning given such term in section 323(g) of this title.’’. 
SEC. 103. REPORT ON METHODS USED TO INVES-TIGATE EMPLOYEES OF DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 540 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary for Accountability and Whistleblower Protection shall submit to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate, and the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Rep-resentatives a report on methods used to inves-tigate employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs and whether such methods are used to retaliate against whistleblowers. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the use of administrative investigation boards, peer review, searches of medical records, and other methods for inves-tigating employees of the Department. (2) A determination of whether and to what degree the methods described in paragraph (1) are being used to retaliate against whistle-blowers. (3) Recommendations for legislative or admin-istrative action to implement safeguards to pre-vent the retaliation described in paragraph (2). (c) W
HISTLEBLOWER DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘whistleblower’’ has the meaning given such term in section 323 of title 38, United States Code, as added by section 101. TITLE II—ACCOUNTABILITY OF SENIOR EXECUTIVES, SUPERVISORS, AND OTHER EMPLOYEES 
SEC. 201. IMPROVED AUTHORITIES OF SEC-RETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO IMPROVE ACCOUNTABILITY OF SEN-IOR EXECUTIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 713 of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘§ 713. Senior executives: removal, demotion, or suspension based on performance or mis-conduct ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—(1) The Secretary may, as provided in this section, reprimand or suspend, involuntarily reassign, demote, or remove a cov-ered individual from a senior executive position at the Department if the Secretary determines that the misconduct or performance of the cov-ered individual warrants such action. ‘‘(2) If the Secretary so removes such an indi-vidual, the Secretary may remove the individual from the civil service (as defined in section 2101 of title 5). ‘‘(b) R
IGHTS AND PROCEDURES .—(1) A covered individual who is the subject of an action under subsection (a) is entitled to— ‘‘(A) advance notice of the action; ‘‘(B) be represented by an attorney or other representative of the covered individual’s choice; and ‘‘(C) grieve the action in accordance with an internal grievance process that the Secretary, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary for Accountability and Whistleblower Protection, shall establish for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(2)(A) The aggregate period for notice, re-sponse, and decision on an action under sub-section (a) may not exceed 15 business days. ‘‘(B) The period for the response of a covered individual to a notice under paragraph (1)(A) of an action under subsection (a) shall be 7 busi-ness days. ‘‘(C) A decision under this paragraph on an action under subsection (a) shall be issued not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.003 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3263 June 6, 2017 
later than 15 business days after notice of the action is provided to the covered individual under paragraph (1)(A). The decision shall be in writing, and shall include the specific reasons therefor. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall ensure that the griev-ance process established under paragraph (1)(C) takes fewer than 21 days. ‘‘(4) A decision under paragraph (2) that is not grieved, and a grievance decision under paragraph (3), shall be final and conclusive. ‘‘(5) A covered individual adversely affected by a decision under paragraph (2) that is not grieved, or by a grievance decision under para-graph (3), may obtain judicial review of such decision. ‘‘(6) In any case in which judicial review is sought under paragraph (5), the court shall re-view the record and may set aside any Depart-ment action found to be— ‘‘(A) arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of discre-tion, or otherwise not in accordance with a pro-vision of law; ‘‘(B) obtained without procedures required by a provision of law having been followed; or ‘‘(C) unsupported by substantial evidence. ‘‘(c) R
ELATION TO OTHER PROVISIONS OF  L
AW.—Section 3592(b)(1) of title 5 and the proce-dures under section 7543(b) of such title do not apply to an action under subsection (a). ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered individual’ means— ‘‘(A) a career appointee (as that term is de-fined in section 3132(a)(4) of title 5); or ‘‘(B) any individual who occupies an adminis-trative or executive position and who was ap-pointed under section 7306(a), section 7401(1), or section 7401(4) of this title. ‘‘(2) The term ‘misconduct’ includes neglect of duty, malfeasance, or failure to accept a di-rected reassignment or to accompany a position in a transfer of function. ‘‘(3) The term ‘senior executive position’ means— ‘‘(A) with respect to a career appointee (as that term is defined in section 3132(a) of title 5), a Senior Executive Service position (as such term is defined in such section); and ‘‘(B) with respect to a covered individual ap-pointed under section 7306(a) or section 7401(1) of this title, an administrative or executive posi-tion.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 7461(c)(1) of such title is amended by inserting ‘‘employees in senior executive positions (as de-fined in section 713(d) of this title) and’’ before ‘‘interns’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 7 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to sec-tion 713 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘713. Senior executives: removal, demotion, or suspension based on performance or misconduct.’’. 
SEC. 202. IMPROVED AUTHORITIES OF SEC-RETARY OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO IMPROVE ACCOUNTABILITY OF EM-PLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after section 713 the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 714. Employees: removal, demotion, or sus-pension based on performance or mis-conduct ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) The Secretary may re-move, demote, or suspend a covered individual who is an employee of the Department if the Secretary determines the performance or mis-conduct of the covered individual warrants such removal, demotion, or suspension. ‘‘(2) If the Secretary so removes, demotes, or suspends such a covered individual, the Sec-retary may— ‘‘(A) remove the covered individual from the civil service (as defined in section 2101 of title 5); ‘‘(B) demote the covered individual by means of a reduction in grade for which the covered individual is qualified, that the Secretary deter-mines is appropriate, and that reduces the an-nual rate of pay of the covered individual; or ‘‘(C) suspend the covered individual. ‘‘(b) PAY OF CERTAIN DEMOTED INDIVID -
UALS.—(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any covered individual subject to a de-motion under subsection (a)(2) shall, beginning on the date of such demotion, receive the an-nual rate of pay applicable to such grade. ‘‘(2)(A) A covered individual so demoted may not be placed on administrative leave during the period during which an appeal (if any) under this section is ongoing, and may only receive pay if the covered individual reports for duty or is approved to use accrued unused annual, sick, family medical, military, or court leave. ‘‘(B) If a covered individual so demoted does not report for duty or receive approval to use accrued unused leave, such covered individual shall not receive pay or other benefits pursuant to subsection (d)(5). ‘‘(c) P
ROCEDURE .—(1)(A) The aggregate period for notice, response, and final decision in a re-moval, demotion, or suspension under this sec-tion may not exceed 15 business days. ‘‘(B) The period for the response of a covered individual to a notice of a proposed removal, de-motion, or suspension under this section shall be 7 business days. ‘‘(C) Paragraph (3) of subsection (b) of section 7513 of title 5 shall apply with respect to a re-moval, demotion, or suspension under this sec-tion. ‘‘(D) The procedures in this subsection shall supersede any collective bargaining agreement to the extent that such agreement is inconsistent with such procedures. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall issue a final decision with respect to a removal, demotion, or suspen-sion under this section not later than 15 busi-ness days after the Secretary provides notice, in-cluding a file containing all the evidence in sup-port of the proposed action, to the covered indi-vidual of the removal, demotion, or suspension. The decision shall be in writing and shall in-clude the specific reasons therefor. ‘‘(3) The procedures under chapter 43 of title 5 shall not apply to a removal, demotion, or sus-pension under this section. ‘‘(4)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B) and sub-section (d), any removal or demotion under this section, and any suspension of more than 14 days under this section, may be appealed to the Merit Systems Protection Board, which shall refer such appeal to an administrative judge pursuant to section 7701(b)(1) of title 5. ‘‘(B) An appeal under subparagraph (A) of a removal, demotion, or suspension may only be made if such appeal is made not later than 10 business days after the date of such removal, de-motion, or suspension. ‘‘(d) E
XPEDITED REVIEW .—(1) Upon receipt of an appeal under subsection (c)(4)(A), the ad-ministrative judge shall expedite any such ap-peal under section 7701(b)(1) of title 5 and, in any such case, shall issue a final and complete decision not later than 180 days after the date of the appeal. ‘‘(2)(A) Notwithstanding section 7701(c)(1)(B) of title 5, the administrative judge shall uphold the decision of the Secretary to remove, demote, or suspend an employee under subsection (a) if the decision is supported by substantial evi-dence. ‘‘(B) Notwithstanding title 5 or any other pro-vision of law, if the decision of the Secretary is supported by substantial evidence, the adminis-trative judge shall not mitigate the penalty pre-scribed by the Secretary. ‘‘(3)(A) The decision of the administrative judge under paragraph (1) may be appealed to the Merit Systems Protection Board. ‘‘(B) Notwithstanding section 7701(c)(1)(B) of title 5, the Merit Systems Protection Board shall uphold the decision of the Secretary to remove, demote, or suspend an employee under sub-section (a) if the decision is supported by sub-stantial evidence. ‘‘(C) Notwithstanding title 5 or any other pro-vision of law, if the decision of the Secretary is supported by substantial evidence, the Merit Systems Protection Board shall not mitigate the penalty prescribed by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) In any case in which the administrative judge cannot issue a decision in accordance with the 180-day requirement under paragraph (1), the Merit Systems Protection Board shall, not later than 14 business days after the expira-tion of the 180-day period, submit to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report that explains the reasons why a decision was not issued in ac-cordance with such requirement. ‘‘(5)(A) A decision of the Merit Systems Pro-tection Board under paragraph (3) may be ap-pealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit pursuant to section 7703 of title 5 or to any court of appeals of competent jurisdiction pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(B) of such section. ‘‘(B) Any decision by such Court shall be in compliance with section 7462(f)(2) of this title. ‘‘(6) The Merit Systems Protection Board may not stay any removal or demotion under this section, except as provided in section 1214(b) of title 5. ‘‘(7) During the period beginning on the date on which a covered individual appeals a re-moval from the civil service under subsection (c) and ending on the date that the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit issues a final decision on such appeal, such covered individual may not receive any pay, awards, bo-nuses, incentives, allowances, differentials, stu-dent loan repayments, special payments, or ben-efits related to the employment of the individual by the Department. ‘‘(8) To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary shall provide to the Merit Systems Protection Board such information and assist-ance as may be necessary to ensure an appeal under this subsection is expedited. ‘‘(9) If an employee prevails on appeal under this section, the employee shall be entitled to backpay (as provided in section 5596 of title 5). ‘‘(10) If an employee who is subject to a collec-tive bargaining agreement chooses to grieve an action taken under this section through a griev-ance procedure provided under the collective bargaining agreement, the timelines and proce-dures set forth in subsection (c) and this sub-section shall apply. ‘‘(e) WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION .—(1) In the case of a covered individual seeking corrective action (or on behalf of whom corrective action is sought) from the Office of Special Counsel based on an alleged prohibited personnel practice de-scribed in section 2302(b) of title 5, the Secretary may not remove, demote, or suspend such cov-ered individual under subsection (a) without the approval of the Special Counsel under section 1214(f) of title 5. ‘‘(2) In the case of a covered individual who has made a whistleblower disclosure to the As-sistant Secretary for Accountability and Whis-tleblower Protection, the Secretary may not re-move, demote, or suspend such covered indi-vidual under subsection (a) until— ‘‘(A) in the case in which the Assistant Sec-retary determines to refer the whistleblower dis-closure under section 323(c)(1)(D) of this title to an office or other investigative entity, a final decision with respect to the whistleblower dis-closure has been made by such office or other investigative entity; or ‘‘(B) in the case in which the Assistant Sec-retary determines not to the refer the whistle-blower disclosure under such section, the Assist-ant Secretary makes such determination. ‘‘(f) T
ERMINATION OF INVESTIGATIONS BY OF-
FICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL .—(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Special Counsel (established by section 1211 of title 5) may termi-nate an investigation of a prohibited personnel practice alleged by an employee or former em-ployee of the Department after the Special 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.003 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3264 June 6, 2017 
Counsel provides to the employee or former em-ployee a written statement of the reasons for the termination of the investigation. ‘‘(2) Such statement may not be admissible as evidence in any judicial or administrative pro-ceeding without the consent of such employee or former employee. ‘‘(g) V
ACANCIES .—In the case of a covered in-dividual who is removed or demoted under sub-section (a), to the maximum extent feasible, the Secretary shall fill the vacancy arising as a re-sult of such removal or demotion. ‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered individual’ means an individual occupying a position at the Depart-ment, but does not include— ‘‘(A) an individual occupying a senior execu-tive position (as defined in section 713(d) of this title); ‘‘(B) an individual appointed pursuant to sec-tions 7306, 7401(1), 7401(4), or 7405 of this title; ‘‘(C) an individual who has not completed a probationary or trial period; or ‘‘(D) a political appointee. ‘‘(2) The term ‘suspend’ means the placing of an employee, for disciplinary reasons, in a tem-porary status without duties and pay for a pe-riod in excess of 14 days. ‘‘(3) The term ‘grade’ has the meaning given such term in section 7511(a) of title 5. ‘‘(4) The term ‘misconduct’ includes neglect of duty, malfeasance, or failure to accept a di-rected reassignment or to accompany a position in a transfer of function. ‘‘(5) The term ‘political appointee’ means an individual who is— ‘‘(A) employed in a position described under sections 5312 through 5316 of title 5 (relating to the Executive Schedule); ‘‘(B) a limited term appointee, limited emer-gency appointee, or noncareer appointee in the Senior Executive Service, as defined under para-graphs (5), (6), and (7), respectively, of section 3132(a) of title 5; or ‘‘(C) employed in a position of a confidential or policy-determining character under schedule C of subpart C of part 213 of title 5, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, or successor regulation. ‘‘(6) The term ‘whistleblower disclosure’ has the meaning given such term in section 323(g) of this title.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) C
LERICAL .—The table of sections at the be-ginning of chapter 7 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 713 the following new item: ‘‘714. Employees: removal, demotion, or suspen-sion based on performance or mis-conduct.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING .—Section 4303(f) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) any removal or demotion under section 714 of title 38.’’. 
SEC. 203. REDUCTION OF BENEFITS FOR DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS EM-PLOYEES CONVICTED OF CERTAIN CRIMES. 
(a) R EDUCTION OF BENEFITS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 719. Reduction of benefits of employees con-victed of certain crimes ‘‘(a) R
EDUCTION OF ANNUITY FOR REMOVED  E
MPLOYEE .—(1) The Secretary shall order that the covered service of an employee of the De-partment removed from a position for perform-ance or misconduct under section 713, 714, or 7461 of this title or any other provision of law shall not be taken into account for purposes of calculating an annuity with respect to such in-dividual under chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that the indi-vidual is convicted of a felony (and the convic-tion is final) that influenced the individual’s performance while employed in the position; and ‘‘(B) before such order is made, the individual is afforded— ‘‘(i) notice of the proposed order; and ‘‘(ii) an opportunity to respond to the pro-posed order by not later than ten business days following receipt of such notice; and ‘‘(C) the Secretary issues the order— ‘‘(i) in the case of a proposed order to which an individual responds under subparagraph (B)(ii), not later than five business days after receiving the response of the individual; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a proposed order to which an individual does not respond, not later than 15 business days after the Secretary provides no-tice to the individual under subparagraph (B)(i). ‘‘(2) Any individual with respect to whom an annuity is reduced under this subsection may appeal the reduction to the Director of the Of-fice of Personnel Management pursuant to such regulations as the Director may prescribe for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(b) REDUCTION OF ANNUITY FOR RETIRED EM-
PLOYEE .—(1) The Secretary may order that the covered service of an individual who the Sec-retary proposes to remove for performance or misconduct under section 713, 714, or 7461 of this title or any other provision of law but who leaves employment at the Department prior to the issuance of a final decision with respect to such action shall not be taken into account for purposes of calculating an annuity with respect to such individual under chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that individual is convicted of a felony (and the conviction is final) that influenced the individual’s perform-ance while employed in the position; and ‘‘(B) before such order is made, the individual is afforded— ‘‘(i) notice of the proposed order; ‘‘(ii) opportunity to respond to the proposed order by not later than ten business days fol-lowing receipt of such notice; and ‘‘(C) the Secretary issues the order— ‘‘(i) in the case of a proposed order to which an individual responds under subparagraph (B)(ii), not later than five business days after receiving the response of the individual; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a proposed order to which an individual does not respond, not later than 15 business days after the Secretary provides no-tice to the individual under subparagraph (B)(i). ‘‘(2) Upon the issuance of an order by the Sec-retary under paragraph (1), the individual shall have an opportunity to appeal the order to the Director of the Office of Personnel Management before the date that is seven business days after the date of such issuance. ‘‘(3) The Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall make a final decision with respect to an appeal under paragraph (2) within 30 business days of receiving the appeal. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 37 business days after the Secretary issues a final order under subsection (a) or (b) with respect to an individual, the Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall recal-culate the annuity of the individual. ‘‘(d) L
UMP-SUMANNUITY CREDIT .—Any indi- vidual with respect to whom an annuity is re-duced under subsection (a) or (b) shall be enti-tled to be paid so much of such individual’s lump-sum credit as is attributable to the period of covered service. ‘‘(e) S
POUSE OR CHILDREN EXCEPTION .—(1) The Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall prescribe regulations that may provide for the payment to the spouse or children of any indi-vidual referred to in subsection (a) or (b) of any amounts which (but for this subsection) would otherwise have been nonpayable by reason of such subsections. ‘‘(2) Regulations prescribed under paragraph (1) shall be consistent with the requirements of section 8332(o)(5) and 8411(l)(5) of title 5, as the case may be. ‘‘(f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered service’ means, with re-spect to an individual subject to a removal for performance or misconduct under section 719 or 7461 of this title or any other provision of law, the period of service beginning on the date that the Secretary determines under such applicable provision that the individual engaged in activity that gave rise to such action and ending on the date that the individual is removed from or leaves a position of employment at the Depart-ment prior to the issuance of a final decision with respect to such action. ‘‘(2) The term ‘lump-sum credit’ has the mean-ing given such term in section 8331(8) or section 8401(19) of title 5, as the case may be. ‘‘(3) The term ‘service’ has the meaning given such term in section 8331(12) or section 8401(26) of title 5, as the case may be.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 7 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 717 the following new item: ‘‘719. Reduction of benefits of employees con-victed of certain crimes.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION .—Section 719 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1), shall apply to any action of removal of an employee of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs under section 719 or 7461 of such title or any other provision of law, commencing on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 204. AUTHORITY TO RECOUP BONUSES OR AWARDS PAID TO EMPLOYEES OF DE-PARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by sec-tion 203, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 721. Recoupment of bonuses or awards paid to employees of Department ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may issue an order directing an employee of the Department to repay the amount, or a portion of the amount, of any award or bonus paid to the em-ployee under title 5, including under chapters 45 or 53 of such title, or this title if— ‘‘(1) the Secretary determines that the indi-vidual engaged in misconduct or poor perform-ance prior to payment of the award or bonus, and that such award or bonus would not have been paid, in whole or in part, had the mis-conduct or poor performance been known prior to payment; and ‘‘(2) before such repayment, the employee is afforded— ‘‘(A) notice of the proposed order; and ‘‘(B) an opportunity to respond to the pro-posed order by not later than 10 business days after the receipt of such notice; and ‘‘(3) the Secretary issues the order— ‘‘(A) in the case of a proposed order to which an individual responds under paragraph (2)(B), not later than five business days after receiving the response of the individual; or ‘‘(B) in the case of a proposed order to which an individual does not respond, not later than 15 business days after the Secretary provides no-tice to the individual under paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(b) A
PPEAL OF ORDER OF SECRETARY .—(1) Upon the issuance of an order by the Secretary under subsection (a) with respect to an indi-vidual, the individual shall have an opportunity to appeal the order to the Director of the Office of Personnel Management before the date that is seven business days after the date of such issuance. ‘‘(2) The Director shall make a final decision with respect to an appeal under paragraph (1) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.003 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3265 June 6, 2017 
within 30 business days after receiving such ap-peal.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 203(a)(2), is further amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 719 the following new item: ‘‘721. Recoupment of bonuses or awards paid to employees of Department.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 721 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with respect to an award or bonus paid by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to an employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act may be construed to modify the certification issued by the Office of Personnel Management and the Office of Management and Budget regarding the perform-ance appraisal system of the Senior Executive Service of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
SEC. 205. AUTHORITY TO RECOUP RELOCATION EXPENSES PAID TO OR ON BEHALF OF EMPLOYEES OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by sec-tion 204, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 723. Recoupment of relocation expenses paid on behalf of employees of Department ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may issue an order directing an employee of the Department to repay the amount, or a portion of the amount, paid to or on behalf of the employee under title 5 for relocation expenses, including any expenses under section 5724 or 5724a of such title, or this title if— ‘‘(1) the Secretary determines that relocation expenses were paid following an act of fraud or malfeasance that influenced the authorization of the relocation expenses; ‘‘(2) before such repayment, the employee is afforded— ‘‘(A) notice of the proposed order; and ‘‘(B) an opportunity to respond to the pro-posed order not later than ten business days fol-lowing the receipt of such notice; and ‘‘(3) the Secretary issues the order— ‘‘(A) in the case of a proposed order to which an individual responds under paragraph (2)(B), not later than five business days after receiving the response of the individual; or ‘‘(B) in the case of a proposed order to which an individual does not respond, not later than 15 business days after the Secretary provides no-tice to the individual under paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(b) A
PPEAL OF ORDER OF SECRETARY .—(1) Upon the issuance of an order by the Secretary under subsection (a) with respect to an indi-vidual, the individual shall have an opportunity to appeal the order to the Director of the Office of Personnel Management before the date that is seven business days after the date of such issuance. ‘‘(2) The Director shall make a final decision with respect to an appeal under paragraph (1) within 30 days after receiving such appeal.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 721, as added by section 204(b), the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘723. Recoupment of relocation expenses paid on behalf of employees of Depart-ment.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 723 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with respect to an amount paid by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to or on behalf of an employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs for relocation expenses on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 206. TIME PERIOD FOR RESPONSE TO NO-TICE OF ADVERSE ACTIONS AGAINST SUPERVISORY EMPLOYEES WHO COMMIT PROHIBITED PERSONNEL ACTIONS. 
Section 731(a)(2)(B) of title 38, United States Code, as redesignated by section 102(a)(2), is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘14 days’’ and in-serting ‘‘10 days’’; and (2) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘14-day period’’ and inserting ‘‘10-day period’’. 
SEC. 207. DIRECT HIRING AUTHORITY FOR MED-ICAL CENTER DIRECTORS AND VISN DIRECTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7401 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) Directors of medical centers and directors of Veterans Integrated Service Networks with demonstrated ability in the medical profession, in health care administration, or in health care fiscal management.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 7404(a)(1) of such title is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ before ‘‘The annual’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A), as designated by paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and 7401(4)’’ after ‘‘7306’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) Section 5377 of title 5 shall apply to a po-sition under section 7401(4) of this title as if such position were included in the definition of ‘position’ in section 5377(a) of title 5.’’. 
SEC. 208. TIME PERIODS FOR REVIEW OF AD-VERSE ACTIONS WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN EMPLOYEES. 
(a) P HYSICIANS , D ENTISTS , P ODIATRISTS , C
HIROPRACTORS , O PTOMETRISTS , R EGISTERED  N
URSES , PHYSICIAN ASSISTANTS , ANDEXPANDED - 
FUNCTION DENTAL AUXILIARIES .—Paragraph (2) of section 7461(b) of title 38, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) In any case other than a case described in paragraph (1) that involves or includes a question of professional conduct or competence in which a major adverse action was not taken, such an appeal shall be made through Depart-ment grievance procedures under section 7463 of this title.’’. (b) M
AJOR ADVERSE ACTIONS INVOLVING PRO-
FESSIONAL CONDUCT OR COMPETENCE .—Section 7462(b) of such title is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, within the aggregate time period specified in paragraph (5)(A),’’ after ‘‘is enti-tled’’; (B) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘At least 30 days advance writ-ten notice’’ and inserting ‘‘Advance written no-tice’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘and a statement’’ and insert-ing ‘‘a statement’’; and (iii) by inserting ‘‘and a file containing all the evidence in support of each charge,’’ after ‘‘with respect to each charge,’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘A rea-sonable time, but not less than seven days’’ and inserting ‘‘The opportunity, within the time pe-riod provided for in paragraph (4)(A)’’; (2) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) After considering the employee’s answer, if any, and within the time period provided for in paragraph (5)(B), the deciding official shall render a decision on the charges. The decision shall be in writing and shall include the specific reasons therefor.’’; (3) in paragraph (4)— (A) by striking subparagraph (A) and insert-ing the following new subparagraph (A): ‘‘(A) The period for the response of an em-ployee under paragraph (1)(B) to advance writ-ten under paragraph (1)(A) shall be seven busi-ness days.’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘30 days’’ and inserting ‘‘seven business days’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(5)(A) The aggregate period for the resolu-tion of charges against an employee under this subsection may not exceed 15 business days. ‘‘(B) The deciding official shall render a deci-sion under paragraph (3) on charges under this subsection not later than 15 business days after the Under Secretary provides notice on the charges for purposes of paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(6) The procedures in this subsection shall supersede any collective bargaining agreement to the extent that such agreement is inconsistent with such procedures.’’. (c) OTHER ADVERSE ACTIONS .—Section 7463(c) of such title is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the same no-tice and opportunity to answer with respect to those charges as provided in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 7462(b)(1) of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘notice and an opportunity to answer with respect to those charges in accordance with subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 7462(b)(1) of this title, but within the time periods specified in paragraph (3)’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, within the aggregate time period specified in paragraph (3)(A),’’ after ‘‘is enti-tled’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘an ad-vance written notice’’ and inserting ‘‘written notice’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘a rea-sonable time’’ and inserting ‘‘time to answer’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3)(A) The aggregate period for the resolu-tion of charges against an employee under para-graph (1) or (2) may not exceed 15 business days. ‘‘(B) The period for the response of an em-ployee under paragraph (1) or (2)(B) to written notice of charges under paragraph (1) or (2)(A), as applicable, shall be seven business days. ‘‘(C) The deciding official shall render a deci-sion on charges under paragraph (1) or (2) not later than 15 business days after notice is pro-vided on the charges for purposes of paragraph (1) or (2)(A), as applicable.’’. 
SEC. 209. IMPROVEMENT OF TRAINING FOR SU-PERVISORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide to each employee of the Department of Veterans Affairs who is employed as a supervisor periodic training on the fol-lowing: (1) The rights of whistleblowers and how to address a report by an employee of a hostile work environment, reprisal, or harassment. (2) How to effectively motivate, manage, and reward the employees who report to the super-visor. (3) How to effectively manage employees who are performing at an unacceptable level and ac-cess assistance from the human resources office of the Department and the Office of the General Counsel of the Department with respect to those employees. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) S
UPERVISOR .—The term ‘‘supervisor’’ has the meaning given such term in section 7103(a) of title 5, United States Code. (2) W
HISTLEBLOWER .—The term ‘‘whistle-blower’’ has the meaning given such term in sec-tion 323(g) of title 38, United States Code, as added by section 101. 
SEC. 210. ASSESSMENT AND REPORT ON EFFECT ON SENIOR EXECUTIVES AT DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall— (1) measure and assess the effect of the enact-ment of this title on the morale, engagement, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.003 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3266 June 6, 2017 
hiring, promotion, retention, discipline, and productivity of individuals in senior executive positions at the Department of Veterans Affairs; and (2) submit to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the Secretary with re-spect to the measurement and assessment car-ried out under paragraph (1). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required by subsection (a)(1) shall include the following: (1) With respect to engagement, trends in mo-rale of individuals in senior executive positions and individuals aspiring to senior executive po-sitions. (2) With respect to promotions— (A) whether the Department is experiencing an increase or decrease in the number of em-ployees participating in leadership development and candidate development programs with the intention of becoming candidates for senior ex-ecutive positions; and (B) trends in applications to senior executive positions within the Department. (3) With respect to retention— (A) trends in retirement rates of individuals in senior executive positions at the Department; (B) trends in quit rates of individuals in sen-ior executive positions at the Department; (C) rates of transfer of— (i) individuals from other Federal agencies into senior executive positions at the Depart-ment; and (ii) individuals from senior executive positions at the Department to other Federal agencies; and (D) trends in total loss rates by job function. (4) With respect to disciplinary processes— (A) regarding individuals in senior executive positions at the Department who are the subject of disciplinary action— (i) the length of the disciplinary process in days for such individuals both before the date of the enactment of this Act and under the provi-sions of this Act described in subsection (a)(1); and (ii) the extent to which appeals by such indi-viduals are upheld under such provisions as compared to before the date of the enactment of this Act; (B) the components or offices of the Depart-ment which experience the greatest number of proposed adverse actions against individuals in senior executive positions and components and offices which experience the least relative to the size of the components or offices’ total number of senior executive positions; (C) the tenure of individuals in senior execu-tive positions who are the subject of disciplinary action; (D) whether the individuals in senior execu-tive positions who are the subject of disciplinary action have previously been disciplined; and (E) the number of instances of disciplinary ac-tion taken by the Secretary against individuals in senior executive positions at the Department as compared to governmentwide discipline against individuals in Senior Executive Service positions (as defined in section 3132(a) of title 5, United States Code) as a percentage of the total number of individuals in senior executive posi-tions at the Department and Senior Executive Service positions (as so defined). (5) With respect to hiring— (A) the degree to which the skills of newly hired individuals in senior executive positions at the Department are appropriate with respect to the needs of the Department; (B) the types of senior executive positions at the Department most commonly filled under the authorities in the provisions described in sub-section (a)(1); (C) the number of senior executive positions at the Department filled by hires outside of the De-partment compared to hires from within the De-partment; (D) the length of time to fill a senior executive position at the Department and for a new hire to begin working in a new senior executive posi-tion; (E) the mission-critical deficiencies filled by newly hired individuals in senior executive posi-tions and the connection between mission-crit-ical deficiencies filled under the provisions de-scribed in subsection (a) and annual perform-ance of the Department; (F) the satisfaction of applicants for senior executive positions at the Department with the hiring process, including the clarity of job an-nouncements, reasons for withdrawal of appli-cations, communication regarding status of ap-plications, and timeliness of hiring decision; and (G) the satisfaction of newly hired individuals in senior executive positions at the Department with the hiring process and the process of join-ing and becoming oriented with the Department. (c) S
ENIOR EXECUTIVE POSITION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘senior executive posi-tion’’ has the meaning given such term in sec-tion 713 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 211. MEASUREMENT OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS DISCIPLINARY PROCESS OUTCOMES AND EFFEC-TIVENESS. 
(a) M EASURING AND COLLECTING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall measure and collect information on the outcomes of disciplinary actions carried out by the Department of Veterans Affairs during the three-year period ending on the date of the enactment of this Act and the effectiveness of such actions. (2) E
LEMENTS .—In measuring and collecting pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary shall measure and collect information regarding the following: (A) The average time from the initiation of an adverse action against an employee at the De-partment to the final resolution of that action. (B) The number of distinct steps and levels of review within the Department involved in the disciplinary process and the average length of time required to complete these steps. (C) The rate of use of alternate disciplinary procedures compared to traditional disciplinary procedures and the frequency with which em-ployees who are subject to alternative discipli-nary procedures commit additional offenses. (D) The number of appeals from adverse ac-tions filed against employees of the Department, the number of appeals upheld, and the reasons for which the appeals were upheld. (E) The use of paid administrative leave dur-ing the disciplinary process and the length of such leave. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2017, the Secretary shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the disciplinary procedures and actions of the De-partment. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) The information collected under sub-section (a). (B) The findings of the Secretary with respect to the measurement and collection carried out under subsection (a). (C) An analysis of the disciplinary procedures and actions of the Department. (D) Suggestions for improving the disciplinary procedures and actions of the Department. (E) Such other matters as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate com-mittees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the committee-re-ported substitute amendment to S. 1094 is agreed to. Under the previous order, there will now be 3 hours of debate, equally di-vided in the usual form. The Senator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I am pleased to rise today on the 73rd anni-versary of the invasion of Normandy, Omaha Beach, and Sword Beach by 156,000 brave Americans who saved our freedom and liberty, for the American people as well as all of Europe, who put an end to the reign of Adolph Hitler, and remind me every day as chairman of the Veterans’ Committee why I am here in the U.S. Senate—and that is to see to it that we take care of those who have taken care of us. Somebody asked me this morning: Is it coincidence that D-day was 73 years ago today? I said: It is Divine provi-dence that we are on the floor today paying back those brave 156,000 who in-vaded those beaches to make the Vet-erans’ Administration a more favorable agency than it is already. I am proud to be on the floor to lead a part of the debate with Senator TESTER —my ranking member on the committee and my dear friend—on a bill that I think is of great signifi-cance. It is the Veterans Affairs Ac-countability and Whistleblower Protec-tion Act. The best quote is not one I could come up with or I doubt that J
ONcould come up with. The best quote really was come up with by the Iraq and Af-ghanistan Veterans of America, the IAVA. When asked, they said: ‘‘This is the strongest VA accountability meas-ure that can be signed into law.’’ I want to reiterate that: the strongest accountability measure of the VA that can be signed into law. Which means we are reaching into every corner of problems in the VA which have existed over the last years. We are making sure we make the corrections nec-essary to make the VA an accountable organization, and we are doing it in a bipartisan fashion together, Democrats and Republicans alike. As I have said very often, there aren’t Republican casualties and Democratic casualties on the battle-field. They are American citizens who have fought and died for this country. So there is no room for partisanship when it comes to providing them with the benefits that are necessary and see-ing to it that they get what they de-serve. I thank all the members of the com-mittee; in particular, Ranking Member T
ESTER for his work; Senator M ORAN , who did such great work for us on the accountability measure; Senator R
UBIO, who is not a member of the committee but did a great job in terms of accountability, and he will speak later on the floor—as I am sure others will—about this. We have had a great committee working for a long period of time. We passed a bill—almost—last year and then failed at the last few moments of the session to get it done. So we are back a second time, but we are back 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.003 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3267 June 6, 2017 
with a bill that has come unanimously from the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs and I hope will leave this Senate floor unanimously so we send a clear signal to our veterans: We will hold ourselves accountable to you. What specifically does the legislation do that is important? One, it makes what President Trump referred to in an Executive order about 3 weeks ago, the veterans whistleblower protection act, a reality and codifies it into law. Sec-ond, it removes many of the bureau-cratic hurdles currently in place, mak-ing it easier for the VA Secretary to remove employees of all departments in the VA who are found guilty of wrongdoing or misconduct, and I un-derscore found guilty of wrongdoing or misconduct. The bill shortens the removal process for employees of the VA and ensures an individual appealing removal from the VA is not kept on VA’s payroll indefi-nitely while they appeal. The Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Account-ability and Whistleblower Protection Act also prohibits the VA from award-ing bonuses to employees found guilty of misconduct. The bill would remove the bureaucratic Merit System Protec-tion Board from appeals by the senior management—top management—of the Veterans’ Administration. The Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability and Whistleblower Pro-tection Act establishes the Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Pro-tection to make it permanent in the United States of America. In essence, and very simply, this bill ensures and codifies into law the ac-countability of this agency and its op-eration to the American people and to the veterans of the United States of America for all they have done for each and every one of us. It is very important to appreciate that this does not come to us by some Senator or some Representative com-ing up with a bunch of crazy ideas at the last minute. This is a response to what we have seen happen over and over again over the past few years. Most, if not all, of the employees in the Veterans’ Administration are hard- working, dedicated, committed individ-uals, but there have been, from time to time, questions that have arisen about the handling of certain situations: the situation that took place in Phoenix, AZ, in terms of appointments; the rash number of suicides and mishandling of pharmaceuticals in the Atlanta office of Clairmont, near where I am in my office in Atlanta, GA; the situation of transfers in Philadelphia, PA, where people were transferred rather than disciplined and were paid their moving expenses and cost-of-living adjust-ments upward—all to get rid of some-body in one office but move them to another, instead of handling them in the way in which they should have been, which holds them accountable, rather than making sure they work somewhere else. We took instances where people themselves were breaking the law and violating the law, and we are now holding them accountable be-cause of what is written into the VA accountability and whistleblower act. Simply put, we have taken the worst performance, in isolated cases in the past few years, and did what was right. We have corrected it where it needed to be corrected, we have eliminated it where it needed to be eliminated, and we have given the authority to the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs and employ-ees under the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs to discipline people who work for them and hold them accountable for doing the wrong thing and encourage them to do the right thing. I reiterate, though, that we are not singling out an agency which has a large number of people who are not performing. We are singling out an agency which has had some situations where a few employees have done some egregious things that need to be ad-dressed. They were addressed but couldn’t be addressed under the current status of the law, which now will be able to be addressed under the status of the new law and held accountable for their actions. Nothing happens when one person does it. Everything happens when peo-ple come together as a team. It has been a pleasure for me to have a great teammate in this effort; that is, J
ON T
ESTER from Montana. I have been on the committee 12 years, and I think J
ONhas been on the committee 8 or 9 years. You are on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, first of all, because you want to be on it. It is what we refer to as a B committee, which means it is a second tier. A lot of times it is a fill-in committee for Members of the Senate or the House, but for me and for J
ON, it is our principal and primary responsi-bility. We know to whom we owe every-thing, and that is our veterans to whom we owe everything. J
ONTESTER has been a great team-mate. He has been great to work with. He has helped us get through some times of difficulty and some good times of common understanding and settle-ment, and I appreciate that very much. I want J
ONto tell me what the people of Montana are telling him about our Veterans’ Administration and the need for stronger accountability in the VA of Montana. Tell us what they are say-ing in Montana, J
ON. Mr. TESTER. I thank Chairman I
SAKSON . Before I answer the question, I want to echo and say thank you very much for your leadership on this committee. It has been great to work with you. You have a reputation of being a man of honesty, integrity, and fair dealing, and you have once again lived up to that reputation. I could not ask for a better chairman of the Senate Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee than you. I very much appreciate the work you have done on this bill. I, too, want to thank Senators R
UBIO, M
ORAN , SHAHEEN , BLUMENTHAL , ANGUS  KING, D ONNELLY , B ALDWIN , and D
UCKWORTH . There are a number of folks on both sides of the aisle who have stepped up—some on the com-mittee, some off the committee—who have done such a great job making sure we ended up here today. Chairman I
SAKSON knows this. We got a bill over from the House, we sat down together, and we negotiated. We gave and took and massaged the bill. We ended up with a bill that probably J
OHNNY would not have written and probably I wouldn’t have written, but it is a bill that is going to work, and it is going to give the VA what they need to hold people accountable. I also echo what J
OHNNY said. Vet-erans across this country are very happy with the care they get at the VA, and it is because of the great peo-ple on the ground within the VA, but every once in a while we get a bad apple, and the VA needs to be able to remove that bad apple because that bad apple reflects poorly on everybody within the VA. So this bill is about making sure the VA has the tool it needs to hold itself accountable and hold itself accountable to the veterans. What I hear from the folks in Mon-tana is: How come it took so long? We have been at this for a while, and I hope it is worth the wait. I think we have a good bill here. I think we have a bill that really holds folks account-able while protecting workers’ rights moving forward. The VA is a different kind of animal than any other agency. We owe it to the people who put it on the line for this country. When things don’t go just right, we have a problem, and we have a problem that needs to be fixed and not fixed yesterday—fixed today. These folks have given their all to this coun-try, and they have earned these healthcare benefits. We need to make sure that when they need them, they have them and there aren’t any mis-takes made. What I also hear from veterans in Montana, other than it took so long, is: How can we rebuild the VA to make it all it can be? I think this bill is going to help with that, too, by making sure we have the best of the best there, by making sure we have training for our hospital administrators and being able to hire hospital administrators—that is part of this bill, too—while holding the VA accountable when folks screw up in areas of misconduct. So there is a bunch in this bill. I think this bill will fit the needs, not only of veterans in a rural or frontier State like Montana but in more popu-lated areas like Atlanta, GA. I think it gives the Secretary of the VA the tools at his disposal to be able to make the VA as strong as it can possibly be. I will say that this bill would not have happened without the good work of J
OHNNY and his staff and my staff coming together and getting stuff done. I think this is one of the days in the Senate where we can look back and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.020 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3268 June 6, 2017 
say that folks came together as Demo-crats and Republicans and did the right thing for the veterans of this country. J
OHNNY , I am curious to know from you what kind of stuff you are hearing in Georgia about this bill and bringing accountability to the VA. Mr. ISAKSON. Senator T
ESTER , like you, I get my best information at the Legion, the IAVA, and from folks around my State. I am a member of the American Legion post at Loganville, GA, and go every once in a while to the bar and get a drink just to find out what is going on. I find out more there in an hour socializing than I find out by reading every newspaper in the United States of America. Let me tell you what some of the or-ganizations are saying—because these veterans service organizations are the voice of the American people who served in our military, and they are the people who communicate to us in committee. The VFW wants the Secretary to weed out misperformers and especially the criminals, regardless of whether the crime was committed on or off duty. The VFW wants a bill passed because maintaining the status quo does not work for those who have borne the bat-tle and borne the fight. They want to make sure the VA holds their employees to the standards the veterans of America feel they have committed themselves to as veterans serving in our military. The American Legion applauds the bipartisan effort to provide Secretary Shulkin the additional tools to in-crease accountability and address poor performance within the Department of Veterans Affairs. I underscore this, because in the bill J
ONand I ensure we motivate manage-ment to understand it is their job to seek out nonperformance and correct it before it runs amuck. So this bill incentivizes management of the Vet-erans’ Administration to find those employees who are not performing well and turn them around and reward those employees who are turned around to be an example they set for all the rest of the employees. The Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability and Whistleblower Pro-tection Act will give Secretary Shulkin the authority he needs to hold Department employees responsible for their actions. ‘‘We strongly agree with the Senate to take the bill imme-diately and pass it,’’ said Dan Caldwell of Concerned Veterans of America. So, once and for all, all around our State our VSO organizations are get-ting a response to the questions they have asked of all of us, and that is what this bill does. There is misinformation out there. There are rumors flying around in Montana, some flying around in Geor-gia. Can the Senator help clear up some of the errors? Mr. TESTER. There is a lot of misin-formation about this bill. I will tell you what this bill does not do. It does not trample on workers’ rights. This bill maintains bargaining rights of union workers at the VA. One of the problems we had with the House-passed bill was it did away with the ability of members to use the bargaining process. This does not. It maintains it. It does not gut due process protections. It keeps all the existing due process pro-tections under current law. Unlike the House bill, it doesn’t shorten or elimi-nate the appeals process for employees who are fired. Moreover, we provide a judicial review to employees who are directed to repay a bonus and other protection. Finally, this bill does not allow VA supervisors to get away with firing anyone who just challenges them. Evidence is still required in order to take action, and that evidence must go through general counsel for re-view before an action is proposed. This is all critically important, as we go forth, to give accountability and yet be able to protect the rights of the workers who are doing the job. I think we found the sweet spot there. More important than anything else in this bill—and it does a lot of things—it is really about a culture of accountability at the VA. Can the Senator tell us here in the Senate what else this bill does for vet-erans? Mr. ISAKSON. I want to talk about the culture the Senator just men-tioned. He is exactly right. The main thing the American people are going to see from the Veterans’ Administration now is a culture throughout that orga-nization of excellence to serve the vet-erans the way they should be served. And where there might be an isolated problem, make sure it is sought out, rooted out, and corrected within the agency. Our veterans deserve the high-est quality care. Secretary Shulkin has asked for more authority to hold accountable those who are not meeting standards. He wants to recognize those who have not only met but exceeded standards as well. This bill gives VA the authority to expedite the removal of a bad em-ployee, but it doesn’t motivate them to get rid of people, it gives them the pa-rameters by which people should be dealt with if, in fact, they are behaving poorly. It shortens the process for re-moving an employee to 15 days. That doesn’t mean you act recklessly or quickly, it means you act expeditiously to see to it that if you have a problem, it is addressed quickly for the benefit of all the agencies. It removes the Merit Systems Pro-tection Board from the appeal process for senior executives. There is some bad talk out there about removing the Merit Systems Protection Board for all employees. It doesn’t do that at all. But the most senior employees of the Veterans’ Administration deserve to be held accountable without lots of hoops you have to go through before ever get-ting to them. So by taking the Merit Systems Protection Board away from those senior executives, you are hold-ing them totally accountable in the bright light of day for their own ac-tions, without some hoop to go through for the agency trying to remove them. It prohibits bonuses and relocation expenses for employees guilty of wrongdoing. I mentioned this in my earlier remarks, and I will reiterate. This deals with things like what hap-pened in Pennsylvania, where two em-ployees were reassigned for a dis-cipline, yet they were given bonuses and cost-of-living adjustments in their pay upward for doing something wrong. That sends exactly the wrong signal to any employee in the Veterans’ Admin-istration. For anyone doing a good job, it pats them on the back and lets them know they can do an even better job. It expedites the hiring of VA medical center directors, which is absolutely critical. We have far too many people in the VA healthcare system today who are acting. They are acting director or acting assistant. We don’t need any more ‘‘acting’’ in the Veterans’ Admin-istration; we need performance. That is what this bill ends up being about—the performance of delivery of quality healthcare to our veterans, re-warding those employees who are doing a good job, encouraging those who aren’t to do a better job, and seeing all American veterans get the services they deserve to get. The need for this bill does not come out of thin air. I say to Senator TESTER , can you tell me why the VA and veterans need this legislation to strengthen accountability at the VA? Mr. TESTER. I sure can. I talked pre-viously about this. It has been a while. It has been 3 years. We talked about this accountability issue a lot in the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and here on the floor. I think the context is im-portant for folks who do make the claim that there is no need for this par-ticular bill, that we are simply playing politics. That couldn’t be further from the truth. If you remember, back in August of 2014, in response to systemic failures in the Veterans Health Administration, the Senate overwhelmingly passed the Veterans Access, Choice, and Account-ability Act of 2014. We were both mem-bers of the committee back then. We both helped draft that bill. It passed by a vote 91 to 3. As my colleagues on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee are well aware, the bill included a provision to hold senior executives of the VA more accountable. That provision was in re-sponse to multiple reports from both the Obama administration and an inde-pendent VA inspector general docu-menting the need to bring greater ac-countability to the VA. While much of the attention has been focused on senior-level employees, hos-pital administrators, and the like, there are employees across the system who need to be effectively held ac-countable for misconduct and inappro-priate behavior. Last Congress, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.021 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3269 June 6, 2017 
Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee reported bipartisan legislation that would give the VA greater authority to improve accountability for all employ-ees. Unfortunately, we never got floor time for that bill. This Congress, the House passed a VA accountability bill that, at least in my view, needed some fixing. I appreciate that my Republican colleagues worked closely with us—with me—on these changes, and we got to this point today. But make no mistake about it—vet-erans in Montana and all the major veterans service organizations support giving the VA the authority to expe-dite disciplining and firing bad employ-ees. Let me say that one more time. Every major veteran service organiza-tion supports giving the VA the au-thority to expedite disciplining or fir-ing bad employees. The President and the VA Secretaries—both McDonald and Shulkin—have asked for this au-thority. Former VA Secretary McDon-ald repeatedly asked Congress to give him the tools he needed to hold em-ployees accountable. Secretary Shulkin has followed and done the same. So we have this bill up today. I would like to end where I started, and that is by thanking Chairman I
SAKSON for his leadership and his will-ingness to work together in a bipar-tisan way to reach a compromise and make ‘‘collaboration’’ a good word again, to get to a point where we can get a bill, as the IAVA said, that can pass and that can pass the Senate and that hopefully will pass the Senate within the next few hours. I thank Chairman I
SAKSON . Mr. ISAKSON. I thank Senator T
ESTER . I started my remarks a few minutes ago by saying that this will be the 73rd anniversary of D-day. Nobody who charged Omaha Beach or climbed those cliffs in Normandy had second thoughts about what they were doing or asked questions about their leader-ship or tolerated anything but the best they could out of themselves. Because of that, they won. Today, our veterans are winning. Our committee—the Senate is going to pass in I think a unanimous or near-unani-mous fashion a piece of legislation that is a byproduct of a good bipartisan ef-fort to see to it that we correct the problems of the past, give the Sec-retary of the VA the ability to do it in the future, and if he or she doesn’t do it, it gives us the ability to change them so they are held accountable as well. It has been a pleasure to work with you and a privilege to work for our vet-erans. On this special day, we honor those who served America 73 years ago by the beginning of the end of World War II, thank them for their service, and thank all veterans who provide service to the people of the United States of America. I want to end by noting that we have 32 sponsors of this legislation, which is almost exactly one-third of the Senate, Republican and Democrat alike. That sends the proper signal that this is the right bill at the right time for the right people—veterans of the United States of America. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. HOEVEN ). The Senator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I want to start by commending my colleagues from Georgia and Montana for their compassion and care for our veterans and specifically for their continued ef-forts to ensure we have accountability at the VA. They worked hard on this legislation. I hope the Senate moves expeditiously to vote for it and to help our veterans to be able to have the kind of responsibility and account-ability they deserve. 
REMEMBERING LES SPAETH  
Mr. President, I also rise today to talk about veterans. I am going to focus on World War II veterans. Last Monday was Memorial Day. I was in Mason, OH. I was in Warren County, OH. My mom grew up there, and my family still has a lot of ties there. I was there at a ceremony for the veterans memorial, one of the most beautiful memorials in the State of Ohio. I happened to be there about 15 years ago when it was first began, and it was great to be back. At the cere-mony, I got to see a World War II buddy of mine. His name is Les Spaeth. He is also a good friend of my father’s and grandfather’s. As always, seeing him brought back great memories, and I was able to speak about him during my remarks. Two days later—a few days ago—we got word that Les Spaeth died at age 92. I want to take a moment to pay tribute to this man who gave so much to his country and to his community. Les was a marine corporal during World War II. He signed up after grad-uating from Mason High School in 1942. He served in the Pacific, including the occupation of Japan after the war, helping that country make a difficult transition to democracy. Thanks in large part to American soldiers like him, by the way, the transition worked. Japan has become one of our greatest allies. Les came back to Mason, OH, and started a small business called Spaeth Brothers Cleaners. He had that opti-mism so many of the World War II gen-eration had. He had the courage to take a risk and help build jobs and help the economy of his hometown. My dad did the same thing after World War II. Les was a businessman, but he was also a public servant for more than half a century. He served six terms as War-ren County auditor. He served on the Board of Elections for 25 years. He chaired the Warren County Republican Party for 17 years. He was very active in the community in so many other ways too. He was one of the very first volunteer firefighters in Mason, OH, starting way back in 1948. He was elder at his church, Herit-age Presbyterian, where his service will be held. For 70 years, he was a freemason and member of the Amer-ican Legion. He helped set up the American Legion Buckeye Boys Pro-gram, a great program where they are teaching young men about State, local, and Federal government and values and leadership. His whole life was cen-tered around his community—through the family business, through military service, through elected office, and through volunteerism. In 2009, Mason High School started having a distinguished alumni gradua-tion speaker every year. For all the reasons I talked about a moment ago, a few years ago, in 2013, I wrote a letter and recommended that they honor Les Spaeth. They agreed with me. That spring of 2013, it was time to receive his award. He gave a beautiful speech. He talked about his love for this coun-try and counting our blessings as Americans. He received a standing ova-tion from the graduating class. I know that meant a lot to him. That ovation shows the respect and esteem people in Warren County have for Les Spaeth across generations. On behalf of Ohio, I want to express my condolences to the family of Les Spaeth. I also want to thank them for sharing Les with the rest of us in Ohio for these past 92 years. He was a dedi-cated servant to the people of Warren County, an American hero for his mili-tary service, and a good friend to so many. 
73RD ANNIVERSARY OF D -DAY 
As was noted, as we talk about World War II, today is also the 73rd anniver-sary of D-day. As Chairman I
SAKSON  just said, it was really the beginning of the end of that war. And 73 years ago this morning, Les Spaeth was in the-ater in the Pacific, as I said, risking his life for all of us. But in Europe on that same morning, the largest am-phibious invasion in the history of the world was taking place. Men as young as 18 years old were crossing the chan-nel, carrying packs weighing 80 pounds. More than 160,000 Allied soldiers— mostly Americans—and more than 5,000 ships backed by more than 10,000 aircraft were fighting to liberate Eu-rope from Hitler. The outcome was far from certain. The Nazis had spent 2 years fortifying the coast to prepare for this moment. It was Hitler’s so- called Atlantic Wall. The beautiful coastline of France was covered in barbed wire, land mines, and bunkers. A little more than a month before D- day, by the way, the Allies had con-ducted a trial run. They practiced on beaches in western England that were most like those of Normandy. The practice run was a disaster. In fact, Germans spotted the Allied ships and attacked them. Hundreds of American troops died in that practice session. COL George Taylor told his troops as they were about to land on Normandy: ‘‘Only two kinds of men are going to be on this beach—the dead, and those about to die. So get moving.’’ This was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.022 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3270 June 6, 2017 
tough stuff. They had an enormous task, and the stakes could not have been higher. Erwin Rommel—and Rommel was leading the Nazi defense at that time— said at that time: ‘‘The fate of Ger-many depends on . . . the first 24 hours of this invasion.’’ He was right. Well-known historian Douglas Brinkley said that D-day was ‘‘the sin-gle most important moment in the 20th Century.’’ It was one of the bloodiest too. It was the beginning of the end of the most difficult war in human his-tory, and the lives of millions of people depended on the outcome. They depended on the success of brave, young Americans like Eugene Lyons of University Heights, OH. Eu-gene was a medic. His ship hit a mine in the English Channel and sank off the coast. He swam to shore while German planes shot at him, missing him by a matter of inches. Or the Napier broth-ers of Warren County, like Les Spaeth. Five brothers all served during World War II. Two of them were there on the beaches that day; one died. Or Jim ‘‘Pee Wee’’ Martin from Dayton, OH, who served in the 506th Parachute In-fantry Regiment and parachuted be-hind German lines before dawn that day. Jim received both the Purple Heart and the Bronze Star for his serv-ice that day. Or Sigmund Czelusniak of North Royalton, OH, who was wounded by a mortar shell on Omaha Beach. Sigmund later said, as he lay wounded: ‘‘In my heart, I didn’t think I’d ever come back.’’ More than 10,000 Allied troops did not come back. While those brave men and hundreds of thousands of others were fighting, President Franklin D. Roosevelt took to the airwaves, as you would expect a President to do. As you know, he was known for what were called fireside chats. These were informal speeches he would give to the Nation during dif-ficult times. But on that day, he did something very different. Instead of giving a speech, he was called to lead the Nation in prayer. This prayer brought our country together. It strengthened our resolve. It comforted us at a very difficult and frightening time for our country, and it briefly en-capsulated, as you will hear in a sec-ond, what our purpose was—not just in World War II but what our purpose was as Americans. He made an indelible mark on our history. Three years ago, after the 70th anni-versary of D-day, then-President Obama signed into law legislation that I had authored to add the words of this famous prayer to the World War II Me-morial in Washington, DC. Since then, the site for the plaque has been ap-proved. The architect is continuing to work with the National Park Service on the design. I have been told that the Park Service intends to present the de-sign options to the Commission of Fine Arts and the National Capital Planning Commission during their meetings this summer. Construction could begin as soon as December and be completed by next June. Frankly, I am discouraged this has taken so long because this prayer be-longs on the World War II Memorial, and Congress has said so. I urge the Park Service to move as expeditiously as possible to complete this project, to bring those words to so many veterans and others who visit that beautiful me-morial. As has been my tradition since the time we were trying to get that legisla-tion passed, I would like to read the words President Roosevelt spoke on D- day 73 years ago. He started by saying: 
My fellow Americans: Last night, when I spoke with you . . . I knew at that moment that troops of the United States and our al-lies were crossing the Channel in another and greater operation. It has come to pass with great success thus far. And so, in this poignant hour, I ask you to join with me in prayer. 
This was his prayer: 
Almighty God: Our sons, pride of our na-tion, this day have set upon a mighty en-deavor, a struggle to preserve our Republic, our religion, and our civilization, and to set free a suffering humanity. Lead them straight and true; give strength to their arms, stoutness to their hearts, steadfast-ness in their faith. They will need Thy blessings. Their road will be long and hard. For the enemy is strong. He may hurl back our forces. Success may not come with rushing speed, but we shall return again and again; and we know by Thy grace and by the righteousness of our cause our sons will triumph. They will be sore tried, by night and by day, without rest—until the victory is won. The darkness will be rent by noise and flame. Men’s souls will be shaken with the violences of war. For these men are lately drawn from the ways of peace. They fight not for the lust of conquest. They fight to end conquest. They fight to liberate. They fight to let justice arise, and tolerance and goodwill among all Thy people. They yearn but for the end of battle, for their return to the haven of home. Some will never return. Embrace these, Father, and receive them, Thy heroic serv-ants, into Thy kingdom. And for those of us at home—fathers, mothers, children, wives, sisters, and broth-ers of brave men overseas, whose thoughts and prayers are ever with them—help us, Al-mighty God, to rededicate ourselves in re-newed faith in Thee in this hour of great sac-rifice. Many people have urged that I call the na-tion into a single day of special prayer. But because the road is long and the desire is great, I ask that our people devote them-selves in a continuance of prayer. As we rise to each new day, and again when each day is spent, let words of prayer be on our lips, in-voking Thy help to our efforts. Give us strength, too—strength in our daily tasks, to redouble the contributions we make in the physical and material support of our armed forces. And let our hearts be stout, to wait out the long travail, to bear sorrows that may come, to impart our courage unto our sons wheresoever they may be. And, O Lord, give us faith. Give us faith in Thee; faith in our sons; faith in each other; faith in our united crusade. Let not the keenness of our spirit ever be dulled. Let not the impacts of temporary events, of tem-poral matters of but fleeting moment—let not these deter us in our unconquerable pur-pose. With Thy blessing, we shall prevail over the unholy forces of our enemy. Help us to conquer the apostles of greed and racial arro-gances. Lead us to the saving of our country, and with our sister nations into a world unity that will spell a sure peace—a peace invulnerable to the schemings of unworthy men. And a peace that will let all men live in freedom, reaping the just rewards of their honest toil. Thy will be done, Almighty God. Amen. Those were the words he spoke and the words that will soon be inscribed on the World War II monument. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Illinois. 
PARIS AGREEMENT  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to speak about the administration’s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate agreement. In 1992, under President George H.W. Bush, the Senate unanimously ap-proved a treaty to allow the United States to join the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. Since then, we have been en-gaged in a global conversation with na-tions around the world to tackle the challenges of climate change and en-sure that we leave future generations a planet that is not plagued by cata-strophic drought, famine, floods, wild-fire, and a rising sea level. After years of intense negotiation, the world finally reached an inter-national agreement that resulted in a global commitment, and 195 countries from around the world, except for 2, came together. Nicaragua abstained; they wanted a stronger agreement. Syria was another country that stepped aside and didn’t take part, for obvious reasons. Representing more than 90 percent of global greenhouse gas emissions, these 195 countries com-mitted to reducing their carbon emis-sions to prevent the average global temperature from rising by more than 2 degrees. I cannot fathom why any President of either political party would want to isolate the United States from the rest of the world, from our allies and trad-ing partners, by leaving this agree-ment. President Trump justified this deci-sion with concern for American jobs and American business. Yet, since the election, American business leaders have called him on the phone, sent a barrage of public letters, and paid for full-page ads in newspapers, trying to get the message through to him in any way possible that American business strongly supports the Paris Agreement, which President Trump has walked away from. Tech companies and retailers, insur-ance companies, and even energy com-panies, such as ExxonMobil and BP, support global engagement on climate. In fact, the World Economic Forum es-timated that the Paris Agreement rep-resents a $23 trillion investment poten-tial due to the growing demand in every corner of the world for clean en-ergy. Between consumers who want 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.023 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3271 June 6, 2017 
clean energy and local regulations that require it, the demand for clean energy will continue to grow here in the United States and around the world. While pulling out of the Paris Agree-ment might seem like a way to protect jobs, for example, in the coal industry, the truth is that when these jobs do go away, it is mostly due to other things: market forces and automation. I have been down in the coal mines of Southern Illinois, Central Illinois. I have seen the way they mine coal today. For those who have not been there and paid close attention, it may come as a surprise. It is largely auto-mated. Massive machinery, known as continuous miners, literally chew away at the walls of coal, transporting it back up to the surface for transport. Back in the day, hundreds, if not thousands, of coal miners would head for their jobs with little more than a pick or an ax or a shovel or some drill. Today, it is an automated industry, and fewer jobs are creating more and more coal opportunities because auto-mation is a big part. In addition, there is a change in the global energy market. Because of fracking in States like North Dakota and South Dakota, we have seen an in-crease in the availability of natural gas at lower prices. Last year, for the first time in modern history, we had more electricity generated in 1 month in America from natural gas sources than from coal sources. We have turned a corner when it comes to the availability of alter-natives in energy. Between consumers who want access to clean energy and local regulations that require it, clean energy is going to continue to grow in demand. Meanwhile, even in my own home State of Illinois, which is the fourth largest coal-producing State in the Na-tion, we already have thousands more workers in the solar industry than in the coal industry. Clean energy jobs are growing. Re-maining engaged on climate change spurs new investment and strengthens American competitiveness for jobs in the future. These jobs include design-ing more efficient solar panels, wind turbines, batteries, and manufacturing the components for export all over the world. Why should other nations get to lead this growing industry of clean en-ergy and the United States step away? We can create those jobs right here in America—American jobs for American workers in clean energy opportunities. We should lead the world in the cre-ation of clean energy jobs. This decision by the Trump adminis-tration to turn its back on this revolu-tion in energy is going to cost us dear-ly. When the coal jobs do decline, we have responsibilities to retrain the workers for clean energy jobs and other opportunities in the future. The Paris Agreement ensured that we have credi-bility as leaders, access to global mar-kets, and reduced financial risk for our citizens and businesses associated with changing climate. By walking away from the agree-ment, America is not just giving up an environmental commitment, but it is giving up economic opportunity. We have given away our leadership, iso-lated ourselves from the rest of the world. They are not going to wait for us; they are going to move forward and look for other leaders than the United States. This President talked about making America first. His decision to walk away from the Paris Agreement puts America dead last when it comes to energy in the 21st century. Climate change is a dire threat to the global economy and global stability. It will cause catastrophic consequences for global health, food security, and habitat on land and in the ocean. My constituents in Illinois are already ex-periencing the adverse effects of chang-ing climate. In recent years, our State—and, I might add, many others—has seen his-toric storms, floods, and droughts, causing millions of dollars in damage. Climate models suggest that if current global warming trends continue, Illi-nois will have a climate similar to the Texas gulf coast by the end of this cen-tury. For Illinois farmers, these changes to the environment have a di-rect effect on their livelihood and for all of us, a direct impact on our food supply. Climate change also has significant national security implications that af-fect our shores—ones we simply can’t ignore. The crisis in Syria, the flow of refugees from unstable parts of the world, is an early warning of the link to climate change and how humani-tarian crises, particularly from less stable parts of our shared planet, are going to get worse if we continue to let climate change go unaddressed. Back in 2011, when pro-democracy protests began in Syria, many of those joining were displaced farmers who had suffered 4 years of drought, made worse by the effects of climate change. The National Academy of Sciences pub-lished findings earlier this year show-ing that extreme drought in Syria be-tween 2006 and 2009 was more likely due to climate change and that the drought was a factor in the uprisings in 2011. Last year, Pulitzer Prize-winning New York Times columnist Tom Fried-man wrote about massive migration out of parts of West Africa through the Sahara Desert to Libya, where people were hoping to eventually cross the dangerous trek across the Mediterra-nean Sea to Europe. He wrote: ‘‘Just as Syria’s revolution was set off in part by the worst four-year drought in the country’s modern history—plus over-population, climate stresses and the Internet—the same is true of this Afri-can migration wave.’’ Former CIA Acting Director Mike Morell recently called President Trump’s decision to pull the United States from the Paris climate agree-ment the worst decision made by this President so far. Mr. Morell pointed out that pulling out not only cedes American leadership in the world, but it harms our own na-tional security by ignoring the impact of climate change on failed and fragile states that are homes to instability and violence. He further noted that we face three possible threats to our exist-ence: nuclear war, a natural or man-made biological threat, or climate change. President Trump’s dangerous decision, if not reversed, will con-tribute to that threat. Anyone in this Chamber claiming to be serious about national security sim-ply cannot be credible without address-ing the long-term threats posed by weak states and climate change in the decades to come. It is amazing to me that people around the world have come together to recognize the danger and the urgent need to act on climate change every-where in the world except right here in the United States of America. I don’t understand the other political party. I can remember a time when we would have a debate on climate change on the floor. We would be talking about the Environmental Protection Agency, created by a Republican President, Richard Nixon, and we would have Sen-ators from both sides of the aisle ac-tively debating climate change, real-izing that it is a threat to our future. Those days have changed. Any debate now about environment is strictly one-sided. Was the science changed when it comes to global warm-ing and climate change? Not at all. Ninety-eight percent of scientists agree that we have global warming, and the reasons for it relate directly to green-house gas emissions. So what has changed? Why isn’t this a bipartisan debate anymore? The poli-tics have changed. They have changed dramatically with the way we finance political campaigns in this country. Groups have emerged—one in par-ticular, the Koch brothers, who have made their fortune in carbon industries and who have promised any Republican who steps out of line on climate change this: You are in for a fight; you are going to face a primary. Don’t you dare stand up and talk about climate change here on the floor of the Senate. That is where we are today. We have come to a standstill, and now we have a President who has decided to walk away from this issue. This President has chosen politics over science and greed over responsibility. His decision is a fateful decision for our children, our grandchildren, and generations to come. There may be some momentary ap-plause in some places because Presi-dent Trump has walked away from this global agreement to deal with this global challenge, but I could tell you the cheers are short-lived. When we see the price that we are going to pay—and that our kids will pay—for this gross irresponsibility, there will not be a lot of cheering. I have said this on the floor before, and I will say it again because I am waiting for someone on the other side 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:25 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.025 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3272 June 6, 2017 
to come to challenge me: The Repub-lican Party of the United States of America is the only major political party in the world today that refuses to take climate change seriously. I have said that over and over, and I ex-pect Senators from the Republican side to come to the floor and say: That is not true; we take it seriously. But they don’t. Or I expect them to come to the floor and say: No, there is another major political party that also denies climate change. One Republican Senator, after I said this on the floor repeatedly, pulled me off to the side in the corridor, looked around, and whispered: There is a party in Australia that also doesn’t believe in climate change. You think to yourself: So it has come to that. We have isolated ourselves in the eyes of the world when it comes to protecting this world for generations to come. We are going to pay a heavy price for that, but the biggest price is going to be paid by future generations. Can we make a little sacrifice today, drive more energy-efficient cars and trucks, and think about ways to heat our homes and to light up our rooms that don’t consume so much energy? Well, of course, we can. We have al-ready done it, and we can do so much more. Walking away from the Paris Agreement is not the path that should lead America into the 21st century. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. President, earlier today, Major-ity Leader M
CCONNELL came to the Senate floor to, once again, be critical of the Affordable Care Act, a law that has resulted in more than 20 million Americans gaining health insurance. The law has lowered the uninsured rate to the lowest in American history. This law has put an end to insurance dis-crimination based on preexisting con-ditions or gender. It is a law that has made sure that Americans suffering from mental health or substance abuse addiction can get treatment. It is a law that extended the solvency of Medicare by a decade and decreased prescription drug costs for seniors by more than $1,000 for each senior in America. It is a law that has helped to reduce—cut in half—the number of bankruptcies filed in America because so many were the result of medical bills that people just couldn’t pay. I was proud to vote for this law. Is it perfect? Of course not. Can it be improved and strengthened? Yes, it should be. Improvements can be made the same way we have made improve-ments in Medicare, Social Security, and in so many other programs over the years, but not by repealing Social Security, not by repealing Medicare but by sitting down on a bipartisan basis to try to find a way to make sure that we don’t deny health insurance coverage to 23 million people in Amer-ica because of the repeal of the Afford-able Care Act and to find a way not to raise costs on older Americans, which the bill that passed the House of Rep-resentatives would do, and to find a way to make this law better for people living in rural America. My hometown is in downstate Illi-nois. I, as a Congressman and Senator, have represented a lot of small towns in sparsely populated counties. They value many things. They sure value their schools, their basketball teams and football teams. I will tell you what they value as much, if not more, than anything else—their local hospital. The local hospital makes such a dif-ference in smalltown America. It is not only a lifesaver—it saves you from driving another 50 or 100 miles for qual-ity care—but it is also a source of great employment. Probably the best paying jobs in town are at the local hospital. If you want to keep a business or at-tract one, a local hospital is a good selling point. Do you know what the bill that passed the House of Representatives will do to the rural and smalltown hos-pitals in Illinois? Don’t take my word for it. Ask the Il-linois Health and Hospital Association. They anticipate losing 60,000 jobs in Il-linois because of the healthcare repeal bill that passed the House of Rep-resentatives, and they know that many hospitals downstate and many in the inner city are going to be forced to cut back in services, if not close, as a re-sult of it. What can we do to make this a better bill, to make the Affordable Care Act work more effectively? Let me give you a couple of ideas. First, we don’t have anything in the law today that deals with prescription drug prices. We are at the mercy of people—pharma-ceutical companies, investment bank-ers, and others—who come and control these pharmaceutical patents. They can literally raise the cost of these drugs beyond the reach of many fami-lies. I had a young man come see me. He is in high school. He has been fighting diabetes since he was a little boy. He and his mother talked about the dra-matic increase in the cost of insulin that he has faced over the last several years. Insulin has been around a long time. This is not a new wonder drug. It is a critical, lifesaving drug, but the prices and costs of insulin are going through the roof, and there is no way under current law for us to deal with it. Should we take that up? Of course, we should. Blue Cross Blue Shield in Illinois told me recently that they spent more money last year on pharmaceutical costs than they did on inpatient hos-pital care, and the costs continue to go up. We need good, lifesaving drugs. We need to reward the companies that find them with a profit. But as to those who want to gouge prices and take advan-tage of people of modest income or folks who don’t have insurance, there has to be a way to answer that and to deal with it honestly. Yesterday, I went with eight other Senators up to the National Institutes of Health. It is out in Bethesda, MD. It is the premier medical research facility in the world. We are lucky to have it right here in the United States. Time and again they told us about breakthrough drugs that were making a big difference that started with re-search at the National Institutes of Health. I asked at one point: Is it too much to ask the pharmaceutical com-panies that take your basic research idea and turn it into a profitable prod-uct to give some of those profits back to the NIH to continue their research? They said: We have tried to do it, but the pharmaceutical companies walk away. They don’t want to give us a penny for our future research. Well, that is wrong. We ought to be investing in that research, rewarding the pharmaceutical companies for their development of these products, as well, but making certain we continue this leadership in the world when it comes to medical research and pharma-ceuticals. The individual market on health in-surance is one that troubles us because it is the area where people who don’t have health insurance through their place of employment or don’t qualify for a government health insurance plan—like Medicare, Medicaid, vet-erans care, or the like—go to buy in-surance on the insurance exchange. This is where the premiums have gone up. Now, why have the premiums gone up in that one sector? Because when it comes to individuals, those who are older and sicker are the first to sign up, but the healthier, younger ones are the last. We can sit down on a bipartisan basis and find ways to create an incentive so that we can increase the participation in this insurance pool and bring down the premium costs for those who are paying. The third thing we need to do is to make sure that no matter where you live in the United States, there is an option to choose when it comes to buy-ing your health insurance. One of the things we can do is to take one of the most popular medical care programs in history—the Medicare Program itself— and duplicate it in a public option available to people across the United States. Do you want to buy a health in-surance program that looks like Medi-care, a not-for-profit program? This would be your chance. So those are three ideas that I think we could bring forward in an effort to make the Affordable Care Act even more responsive. Senator M
CCONNELL , the Republican Leader, comes to the floor frequently to talk about the choice to expand the Medicaid Program, as allowed under law in many States. I would welcome the opportunity to expand that pro-gram. Most people do not understand the Medicaid Program. Oh, that is health insurance for poor people. Well, in a way, it is, but it is so much more. For example, one out of every two births in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.026 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3273 June 6, 2017 
Illinois is paid for by the Medicaid Pro-gram to keep mom healthy so she de-livers a healthy baby and to keep that baby healthy as soon as it is born. It is paid for by Medicaid in 50 percent of the cases of new births. But that is not the most expensive thing. The most expensive thing under Med-icaid is for your mom and your grand-mother who is in a nursing home, liv-ing on Social Security and Medicare, and they need help. So they qualify for Medicaid to pay for the medical care they need so they can continue to live wholesome lives. The third area, of course, is medical insurance for the disabled who have on-going needs. Those three areas make up Medicaid. When the Republican pro-posal that came out of the House want-ed to cut $600 or $700 billion and give tax cuts to wealthy people, they took it out of Medicaid. So which of the groups that I just de-scribed to you would you take health insurance away from—mothers with new babies, elderly folks in nursing homes with no resources, or the dis-abled who live in our communities? I would think it is a step in the wrong direction to hit any of these groups. That is why Medicaid was ex-panded in so many States and why we should continue to find ways to expand it in a responsible fashion. As I go back home and talk to people about this Republican alternative that passed the House of Representatives, it is very clear they oppose it. I have challenged those Congressmen who voted for the Republican repeal bill to find one medical advocacy group in my State that supports their effort. There are none. The Illinois Health and Hospital Association, the Illinois Med-ical Association, the Illinois Nurses As-sociation, and the Illinois pediatricians all oppose it. The AARP, or American Association of Retired Persons, opposes it because the bill removed the protection for el-derly people when it came to the cost of premiums. The AARP believes—and I am afraid the facts bear it out—that what passed the House of Representa-tives will dramatically increase health insurance premiums for people between the ages of 50 and 64. We can do better, but we need to do it on a bipartisan basis. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
THE PRESIDENT ’S BUDGET  
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, just a little less than 2 weeks ago, President Trump released his proposed budget for fiscal year 2018, which would begin Oc-tober 1. He named his plan ‘‘A New Foundation for American Greatness.’’ While unveiling this budget, Director Mulvaney, the OMB Director, declared that ‘‘We are no longer going to meas-ure compassion by the number of pro-grams or the number of people on those programs, but by the number of people we help get off of those programs.’’ When I read this and looked at the budget, I was reminded of the story of the two hikers who got to the top of a mountain. They stood near a big cliff and one hiker said: It is a beautiful vista. The other hiker said: I am so ex-hausted from hiking all the way up; I wish I could get down quickly. The first hiker then said: Let me help you with that. And he shoved him off the cliff. That is what this budget does. It doesn’t help people get off programs through education and training; it shuts down the programs. It shoves people off the cliff. In this budget, millions of struggling, rural, middle-class, low-income, and working Americans are thrown off the cliff. They are thrown out of these pro-grams as these programs are just struck down, not because programs have served their purpose and are no longer needed but because the Presi-dent wants to do two things. He wants to build a lot more in terms of the military, and he wants to give a tax giveaway of some $6 trillion in the budget, with most of it going to the very richest Americans. This is not an ‘‘America first’’ budget; this is a ‘‘bil-lionaires first’’ and a ‘‘rural and work-ing Americans last’’ budget. We see this vision implemented through dramatic cuts to food stamps, children’s healthcare, job training, after-school programs, scientific re-search, and other anti-poverty pro-grams. One program after another de-signed to help American families who are devastated will be eliminated, all in the name of building a wall, building more missiles and more bombs, and giving this massive, massive giveaway of the Treasury to the privileged and powerful. Now there is good news. The good news is that I think we are going to have a bipartisan coalition we can build to defeat this budget. Even some of our colleagues in the House Freedom Caucus, who often talk about slashing government spending and eliminating programs, are saying that this proposal and its impact on rural Americans and rural America is draconian and unac-ceptable. It is not often that you hear folks throughout the entire political spectrum come together to say the same thing—that this budget is short-sighted and ill-conceived—but that is where we are now. This budget tells us a lot because a budget is an expression of values. When President Trump placed this budget be-fore us, we gained insight into his val-ues. What we quickly learned is that President Trump doesn’t place value on struggling and working American fami-lies, helping them climb a ladder to a better point. What this budget does tell us is that our President is all about raiding the National Treasury for the privileged and the powerful—quite the opposite of what we heard when he was campaigning. Franklin Roosevelt once said that, as a nation, ‘‘The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abun-dance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have little.’’ By ‘‘enough’’ he meant, do we provide a ladder of oppor-tunity for families to get their eco-nomic footing, to be able to buy a house, to be able to find a job, to be able to educate their children? In this budget, President Trump puts out a different test. With this budget, he is saying that the test of our progress is whether we destroy pro-grams for working Americans in order to fund a $6 trillion giveaway to the privileged and powerful. That is Donald Trump’s test of progress, and I think we find very few in the country who might agree with that vision of making economic and educational progress for working Americans much more dif-ficult. It is not an ‘‘America first’’ budget. It is not a foundation for American greatness. It is more akin to a great train robbery, a great raid on the National Treasury to benefit those who are already at the very top. It is a budget that hurts children. It is a budget that hurts struggling, hard- working Americans. It cuts 20 percent from the Children’s Health Insurance Program, critical for the health of our children. Shouldn’t every child in America have access to affordable healthcare? That is a value I can get behind. But slashing healthcare for children and making it harder for them to succeed in life—I can’t agree with that. Let’s make children hungrier by cut-ting the basic food stamp program or school programs that 44 million Ameri-cans rely on, cutting it by $193 billion. Making children hungrier doesn’t help them learn. Helping children learn is a value I can get behind. Making it hard-er for them to succeed in school may be a Trump value, but it is not mine, and I don’t think it is shared by many Members of this Chamber. We find that he proposes to get rid of the subsidization of interest on student loans, making the cost of college even more unaffordable for low-income and working graduates. He freezes the Pell grants that already have not kept pace with inflation. He proceeds to wipe out the Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program that erases student loans after a decade of service to the public. All of this is about making college more expensive. I can get behind the value of making higher education more affordable, whether it is apprenticeship training, career technical education, or a 4-year college program. I can get be-hind making those programs more af-fordable, making community college programs more affordable because some form of education, whether it is in the technical education world or community college world or a 4-year program—some aspect of that is impor-tant to virtually every job in America. Making it more affordable is what virtually every other developed coun-try has done. In Germany, going to a public university is free in terms of tuition—not so here in the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.028 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3274 June 6, 2017 
States of America. Our students are burdened by massive, massive debt. It is growing and growing and growing. I can get behind the value of saying we shouldn’t make college a financial gauntlet because it is so essential to the success of our children. But Trump has a different value. His value is let’s make it harder. Let’s make it more dif-ficult. Let’s put students further into debt. Those are not values I can sup-port. Again, I think very few in this Chamber would share in that. The list goes on and on. This isn’t just an attack on the ladder of oppor-tunity for working Americans; this is an attack on rural America. During the last couple of years, I served as the ranking member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture and Rural Development and FDA, and in that time I have seen the tremendous impact many of these programs have had in providing opportunity and strengthening the economy in rural America. I value making rural America stronger, but that is not the value Trump put into his budget. He put into this budget: Let’s undercut, let’s un-dermine, let’s make it more difficult for rural America. This is truly a ‘‘rural America last’’ budget. It eliminates funding for Essential Air Service. The Essential Air Service is essential to key small towns across our Nation, including one in my home State. If the Essential Air Service is wiped out, the economy of that town, Pendleton, would be dramatically im-pacted. It slashes the Contract Tower Pro-gram that supports even more air-ports—six of them in my State—rural airports that need that contract tower support to be able to remain open. Small towns from Aurora to Klamath Falls would be dramatically impacted. How about rural infrastructure? He takes out the rural water and waste-water disposal program. As I hold townhalls around my State—and I go to every county every year, all 36. Be-fore I hold a public townhall where peo-ple can ask any question they want, I meet with the local county commis-sioners, city commissioners, and all the locally elected. In virtually every county, every year, I hear about the challenge of water infrastructure, ex-panding the clean water supply or waste water treatment. These two challenges are enormous. Yet here is President Trump wiping out the rural water and wastewater programs. How about critical housing pro-grams? Well, here is the issue. In our rural communities, often the economy is hindered by the lack of availability of affordable housing. I have been in town after town after town saying: We have interest by a company to move here because of some of the key assets we have. Then they decide not to be-cause they don’t have affordable hous-ing in the community for them to be able to hire the staff they need. So we have these programs at the Federal level—direct single-family housing loans, direct multifamily housing loans, low-income housing repair loans, farm labor housing loans, self-help housing grants. Here again, the Trump budget wipes them out. The Community Development Block Grant Program provides flexible strength for rural communities to ad-dress local problems. We talk a lot about flexibility in the Senate, ena-bling local areas to decide how best to use funds. The CDBG, the Community Development Block Grant, does exactly that. Yet it is not valued by our Presi-dent, who probably doesn’t even know what the program is, but he wiped it out. How about the Rural Business-Coop-erative Service that offers programs to support business development and job training? It is gone too. His budget slashes USDA’s rural development pro-grams by about $1 billion, a little less than $1 billion. This is a part of the agency where programs focus on sup-porting economic development, hous-ing, and infrastructure in rural com-munities. Then we have the impact on rural healthcare. This budget impacts rural healthcare in several different ways. It cuts the Rural Hospital Outreach Grant Program that helps small rural hospitals get resources to create collaboratives for long-term care facili-ties or with ambulance services. It eliminates the State offices of rural health. In addition, this budget destroys healthcare for 23 million Americans, and many of those live in rural Amer-ica. In fact, in Oregon, about one out of three individuals, almost one out of three in our small towns find healthcare through the Oregon Health Plan, the Oregon Health Plan funded by Medicaid. Rolling back Medicaid would throw some 400,000 people off of healthcare in Oregon just by itself, and that would make a huge impact in rural Oregon. I have been holding a lot of townhalls in rural Oregon. This year I have had over 12 in what you would see on a map as pretty red counties, and people are coming up to me at townhalls and say-ing that they are scared to death about this budget’s impact on healthcare. They are not just scared; they are ter-rified. And they are not just terrified; they are angry because they finally have the peace of mind that if a loved one gets sick, that loved one will get the care they need, that loved one will not end up bankrupt. That is a huge improvement in quality of life, but this budget from the President destroys that peace of mind. It is not just impacting those who di-rectly benefit from the Oregon Health Plan; it also impacts everybody else in the rural communities because the health plan has enabled our rural clin-ics and hospitals to do much better fi-nancially. Out in the northeast corner of my State—it is a very remote and beau-tiful place—a person told me that his local clinic had gone from 20-some em-ployees to about 50 employees, roughly doubling the healthcare provided. Why were they able to do that? Because they had had so much uncompensated care before people had access to insur-ance. Now that has dropped dramati-cally, and their finances are much bet-ter. So they are able to hire a lot more people and provide a lot more healthcare to this rural part of the State. But that changes with this Trump budget. Let me list a few more details about some of these areas, starting with the USDA Rural Development Water Pro-grams. Last year, 14 projects in my State re-ceived $10.7 million in loans and $6.5 million in grants in order to provide re-liable, clean drinking water and waste disposal, affecting 12,000 folks in rural Oregon. Vernonia, which is in north-west Oregon, relied on these programs so as to finally improve the town’s wastewater system—a project almost 20 years in the making. I have visited Vernonia a number of times. In 1996 it suffered a terrible flood, and then, again, in 2007, there was another major flood. The floods overwhelmed Vernonia’s wastewater treatment sys-tems and lagoons and caused overflows on public and private properties as well as into the nearby Nehalem River. Thanks to loans and grants from the USDA’s rural water programs, the town of Vernonia was able to purchase new equipment, upgrade its wastewater systems, and protect the water for its residents. That is just one community that has benefited. Let’s talk a little bit more about housing. The budget singles out many housing programs to cut. It eliminates the USDA Rural Devel-opment’s direct housing loan programs and most of the housing grant pro-grams and community facilities pro-grams, which include programs like the rural Single Family Housing Direct Loans, the rural Multi-Family Housing Direct Loans, the self-help housing pro-gram, housing repair loans, and the Farm Labor Housing Program. With so many States and so many communities across our Nation suf-fering from a shortage of affordable and available housing, how can we con-sider it a positive thing to slice and dice these programs? Last year, 6,000 rural Oregonian fami-lies were living in 211 affordable apart-ment complexes thanks to USDA fi-nancing. But keeping these programs and strengthening our housing initia-tives isn’t just good for our Nation’s families. It is also critical for the eco-nomic development of rural towns and communities. As I have mentioned so often, I have heard from town leaders that they have a potential deal within their grasp, and it falls out of their grip because of the shortage of housing. We need to do better in this area, not worse. Let’s talk about another program— the Forest Service Collaborative For-est Landscape Restoration Program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.030 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3275 June 6, 2017 
This program is an all-lands approach to collaboratively encouraging science- based ecosystem restoration of priority forest landscapes. Let me put it more simply. Often, in terms of forest health, we have a challenge. The work in the woods can be quite expensive to im-prove forest health, and, often, you have disputes between the environ-mental community and the timber community on just how this should be done. A collaborative brings together these elements—the environmental side and the timber side—with the goal of both making the forest healthier and providing a steady supply of sawlogs to the mill. This is something that happened in the Fremont-Winema National Forest, and it has given environmental and conservation groups confidence that Fremont-Winema is on a track to hav-ing a healthier ecosystem. At the same time, their work has helped to ensure that there is a balance between the timber industry and environmental protection, which means that timber is still coming and will keep coming to the local mill, which will help to create local jobs, like at the Collins Mill in Klamath Falls. That mill is able to continue employing more than 80 workers because of the steady supply of logs that makes its way from Fremont- Winema due to the eco-friendly forest management practices. This ‘‘billionaires first’’ and ‘‘rural America and workers last’’ budget is going to die here in the Senate because there is going to be a bipartisan coali-tion of Democrats and Republicans who say that undermining the success of our families in order to provide a mas-sive giveaway—a raid, if you will, on the National Treasury—and a handout to the privileged and powerful is, sim-ply, the wrong way to go. This is, real-ly, Robin Hood in reverse. This is a sit-uation in which the working families are undermined to provide a $6 trillion raid on the Treasury, with most being given away to our richest American families. I do not know that there is anyone in this Chamber who is not already aware that we have massive income inequal-ity here in the United States of Amer-ica. I do not think there is any Senator among the 100 Senators of the Senate who is unaware that we have a massive wealth gap in America. It has gotten larger and larger and larger until it has become equal to that level or near that level at which it was before the Great Depression. That is not a way for America to thrive—to raid working families in order to provide even more giveaways to those who have the most. I must say that this budget does not surprise me. It does not surprise me that the President submitted this. The President himself is a billionaire. The President lives in that world of billion-aires, and he was persuaded to think that helping the billionaires to have even millions more would, somehow, be good for America. I would like to take the President to real working America so that he may see the real impact on the ground of destroying rural health clinics, see the real impact on the ground of destroy-ing rural water systems, and see the real impact on the ground of destroy-ing rural housing programs. We need to get the President outside of his billion-aire bubble and seeing the impact so that, somehow, he gets a grip on what it means to guide this country in edu-cation policy and economic policy and so that we strengthen that ladder of opportunity rather than destroy it. I thank the Presiding Officer. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). The Senator from South Da-kota. 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, everyone remembers President Obama’s fa-mous—or perhaps infamous—promise that he would sign a healthcare bill that would ‘‘cut the cost of a typical family’s premiums by up to $2,500 per year.’’ Well, as everyone knows, that didn’t happen. Between 2009 and 2016, the average family with employer- sponsored health insurance saw its pre-miums rise by $4,767. That is just the beginning. Two weeks ago, the Department of Health and Human Services released a report comparing the average indi-vidual market insurance premium in 2013—the year when most of ObamaCare’s regulations and mandates were implemented—with the average individual market exchange premium in 2017 in the 39 States that used healthcare.gov—so 2013 to 2017 indi-vidual market premiums. Here is what they found. Between 2013 and 2017, the average individual market monthly premium in the healthcare.gov States increased by 105 percent. In other words, on average, individual market premiums more than doubled in just 5 years. In my home State of South Dakota, premiums increased by 124 percent or $3,588 over 5 years. As I said, that is ac-cording to HHS reporting on the pre-miums in the individual market ex-changes over the course of the past 5 years. So $3,588 in South Dakota is money that South Dakota families had to take from other priorities, like sav-ing for retirement or investing in their children’s education. Three States saw their premiums tri-ple over those 5 years. The average monthly premium in Alaska went from $344 to $1,041. That is an increase of $697 per month or more than $8,300 a year. Think about that. Over the past 5 years, the average individual market yearly premium has increased by $4,800 in Arizona, by $3,648 in Louisiana, by $5,064 in North Carolina, by $4,488 in Tennessee, and by $5,292 in West Vir-ginia. Those kinds of premium in-creases are just not sustainable. Some people, of course, received tax credits to help offset their premium payments, but many others are left to face these massive premium hikes by themselves. And most people do not have the money to easily absorb a 105- percent premium increase or more in many States, as I pointed out, over 5 years. Of course, premium increases show no signs of slowing down. Numbers for 2018 are emerging, and they are not looking good. Insurers on the New York exchange are requesting double- digit rate hikes. A Connecticut insurer requested an average rate hike of 33.8 percent. One Virginia insurer requested an average rate increase of 38 percent. Another has requested an average 45- percent rate hike. In Oregon, the aver-age rate hike requested is 17.2 percent. Companies offering plans on the ex-change here in Washington, DC, are re-questing average rate hikes ranging from 13 percent to nearly 40 percent. In Maryland, average increases range from 18 percent to almost 59 percent. One insurer in Maryland has requested a rate increase of up to 150 percent—150 percent for just one year. As if the premium hikes aren’t bad enough, many Americans don’t have a cheaper option to choose. In 2017, roughly one-third of U.S. counties have just one choice of insurer on their ObamaCare exchange—one choice in one-third of all the counties in Amer-ica. So you pretty much have to take whatever rate they are going to quote you when that is the only option in town. Talk about a lack of competi-tion. Several States, including Alabama, Oklahoma, Alaska, and Wyoming, have just one choice of insurer for the entire State. The entire State—in those States that I just mentioned—has one choice of insurer. Things are only get-ting worse. In 2018, a number of counties may lack any ObamaCare insurer at all. On Friday, the Omaha World-Herald an-nounced that 100,000 Nebraskans could end up with zero options for individual market coverage in 2018. Iowa is facing a similar situation. In April, Wellmark Blue Cross and Blue Shield announced that it will withdraw from the indi-vidual market in Iowa in 2018. Days later, Aetna announced that it would pull out of the Iowa exchange. In the wake of these announcements, Medica, the last ObamaCare insurer for most of Iowa, announced that it will likely leave the State in 2018. That would leave 94 of the 99 Iowa counties with no ObamaCare insurer next year. Republicans in the Senate are cur-rently working on legislation to repeal and replace ObamaCare. Why? Because, as I just pointed out, ObamaCare is broken. This law is not working. This law has never worked. It shows abso-lutely no sign that it is going to work in the future, particularly if those pre-mium increases are any indication. From first to last, this law has been a disaster—high premium costs, high deductibles, customers losing health plans, customers losing doctors, fewer choices, failed co-ops, unraveling ex-changes. I could go on and on because the list of the failures goes on and on. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.036 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3276 June 6, 2017 
Given all of this, it is hard to believe the Democrats are still defending this disastrous law. I sometimes wonder just what it will take for my Democrat colleagues in the Senate to accept the staggering amount of evidence that says this law has failed. Do premiums have to triple? Do they have to quad-ruple? Does every American on the ex-changes have to be reduced to just one choice of insurer or be without an in-surer at all? ObamaCare was going to reduce pre-miums. It didn’t. People were going to be able to keep their healthcare plans. They regularly found out that they couldn’t. Buying insurance was going to be like shopping for a TV on Ama-zon—well, maybe if Amazon had only one brand of television. The responsible thing to do when a government program has turned out to be a disaster is to repeal it. That is what Republicans are working to do with ObamaCare. We are working to re-peal this law and replace it with real healthcare reform. My colleagues in the House have made a good start. We are working to build on their bill in the U.S. Senate. Chairmen A
LEXANDER , E
NZI, and H ATCH have been leading the charge on this. I am grateful to them and their staffs for all of their hard work. Republicans are committed to restor-ing the millions of Americans trapped on the ObamaCare exchanges and lift-ing the burdens this law has foisted onto taxpayers. We are committed to addressing ObamaCare’s skyrocketing premium increases. We are committed to preserving access to care for Ameri-cans with preexisting conditions. We are committed to making Medicaid more sustainable by giving States greater flexibility while insuring that those who rely on this program don’t have the rug pulled out from under them. We need to make healthcare more affordable, more personal, more flexible, and less bureaucratic. It would be wonderful if at least some Democrats would join us in this effort and stop prioritizing partisanship over the needs of the American people. Re-publicans know that the American peo-ple are suffering under ObamaCare, and we are committed to bringing them re-lief. They are ready for healthcare re-form that actually works, and that is what Republicans intend to deliver. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, it is fit-ting that today, June 6, the anniver-sary of D-day in Europe and the Battle of Midway in the Pacific, we are talk-ing about our country’s veterans in the debate that is going on in the Senate. The brave men and women who have served our country deserve the very best care our Nation can give them. That is why I rise today in support of the VA Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection Act, which I believe will pass by a voice vote in the Senate later this afternoon. This bipartisan bill will help improve the quality of care our veterans receive by reforming the Department of Vet-erans Affairs and making it easier for the Secretary of the VA to fire poorly performing employees. The legislation will allow the VA to hold its employees more accountable. It will also create new protections for whistleblowers— those who report wrongdoing. And it would ensure that any employee who is terminated has an adequate oppor-tunity to appeal their dismissal. For years, the VA has been plagued by reports of inefficiency and long wait times. I might say that often we find those reports are true, but that is com-pletely separate from the quality of medical care that is given through the VA healthcare system. If you talk to almost any veteran, they are very pleased with the quality of that med-ical care. It is the administrative stuff getting in the way, and that is what there has been such an outrage about. Well, this VA bill is going to help the VA get rid of the bad actors while pro-tecting the good ones. I want to make it clear that the vast majority of VA employees perform their work admi-rably in an often thankless environ-ment. These dedicated public servants work hard to provide the day-to-day care our veterans deserve, and they should be protected. That is why, while I believe it is important to hold poorly performing employees accountable, I also believe that it is important to pro-tect the rights of the employees who may have been wrongly terminated, es-pecially at the lower levels, by giving them the opportunity to appeal a su-pervisor’s decision to fire them. This bill we are going pass does that. It is supported by dozens of veterans service organizations, the Office of Special Counsel, the Secretary himself. So I urge our colleagues to join me and join so many of us in voting in favor of the bill. I would also say that on this very fa-mous day, this anniversary, June 6, I have been to the beaches of Normandy, I have been to Omaha Beach. As a mat-ter of fact, while there, it is impossible to walk into that cemetery on the cliff overlooking the beach—it is impossible to walk into that beautiful, beautiful American cemetery and not become very, very emotional, realizing what happened in 1944. I felt so strongly about this that at one point I wanted to put on my jog-ging shoes and run the 4 miles of that Omaha Beach. I wanted to reach back into time, having been there where so many sacrificed so much. Then, of course, the Battle of Mid-way, the time which turned the battle in the Pacific, where a young admiral showed his courage and his superiority in planning. As a result, that battle turned around the course of the war in the Pacific with Japan. What a day to remember, June 6. I yield the floor. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Madam Presi-dent, we are all united in support of a strong and effective VA that is able to provide topnotch services and support to the veterans who have served our country nobly. None of us can be satis-fied with the current state of the De-partment, and I share the frustration of constituent veterans who are unable to get the basic care and treatment they need, from widows and families who have lost loved ones while under the care of the VA, and from dedicated VA employees who are frustrated with the waste and inept management that prevent them from providing the care they believe our veterans deserve. The revelations about the continuing prob-lems at the District of Columbia VA medical center should serve as a new wake-up call that immediate attention is needed to make the VA right. I supported the nomination of Dr. David Shulkin to be VA Secretary and gave him my full support to make changes to the organization to address the management problems and lapses in care that plague the VA. There is no question that the VA needs reforms that will make it more responsive to the needs of our veterans, and more ac-countable when it does not adequately serve them. The VA Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection Act attempts to ad-dress these issues by making it easier for management to discipline and re-move VA employees. It is essential that managers have this authority to remove employees who violate their duty to care for our veterans. It is also important that our removal process be implemented in a fair and impartial manner. The House bill failed to pro-vide those protections, and I appreciate Senator T
ESTER ’s work on this issue and his efforts to improve the bill that the House passed. I am concerned, how-ever, that some provisions in the bill weaken the worker protections that are necessary to avoid arbitrary or po-litically motivated disciplinary ac-tions. Our Nation’s civil service protec-tions are intended to allow Federal workers to do their jobs free of intimi-dation or political interference. Em-ployees can be disciplined or removed, but only with due process that exposes the full facts of the case. Reforms that rely on fear of arbitrary discipline or removal are not truly reforms, but will create a toxic environment within the agency. While I have concerns about some of the provisions of this bill, we must provide veterans the care and support they need from the VA. I admire the dedication and commit-ment of our Federal workers at the VA, many of whom are veterans them-selves. Most care deeply and go the extra mile to serve those who have served. I know that Secretary Shulkin 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.037 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3277 June 6, 2017 
recognizes the enormous talent in our Federal workers, and I believe he should strive to create a stronger team by rapidly filling the 45,000 vacant civil service positions currently at the VA and by building on the strong sense of purpose that motivates our VA Federal workforce and cares for our veterans. Mr. NELSON. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
THE BUDGET PROCESS  
Mr. PERDUE. Mr. President, we have 50 workdays in the Senate before the end of this fiscal year—50 days. That does not include the 5 weeks we will be gone during the August State work weeks. I rise tonight to talk about what happens September 30. September is the end of the fiscal year. That means we have to have the Federal Government funded for fiscal year 2018, which starts October 1 of this year. Like most years—as a matter of fact, like every year since 1980—the Federal Government will probably not be fund-ed by the end of this fiscal year in the manner it was supposed to be, accord-ing to the law that was done in 1974, the Budget Act of 1974. In the last 43 years, the Federal Government has only been funded four times, according to that bill. We have used 178 con-tinuing resolutions, and therefore on-going omnibuses and so forth, where six people get in a room, basically de-cide how we are going to spend $1 tril-lion. This is the only enterprise I can find anywhere in the world that funds its operations this way. The problem is, we have a system that is absolutely to-tally broken. It is a fraud that is being perpetrated on the American people. We have been asked, between now and September 30—this is the way the budget process works. By the way, we should have started this back in Janu-ary, but we couldn’t do it because we were working on the fiscal year 2017 budget to do reconciliation so we could work on healthcare. Now we are going to, when that gets done, do a budget for 2018. We will do a reconciliation and hopefully do a tax package behind that, but wrapped up in all of that, here comes September 30 and 50 workdays from today to fund the Federal Government. Between now and then, in 50 days, we are asked to do a budget for fiscal year 2018, to do full authorizations for 16 different entities, committees, and then do appropria-tions for 12 committees. By the way, over the last 43 years, you have to fund 12 appropriations bills to fund the Federal Government. It was 13 appropriations bills up until around 2000. Since then, it has been 12, but of those 12, the average number of appro-priations bills this body has appro-priated each year is 21⁄2. Now, by any measure, that is unac-ceptable, but we are now asked, be-tween now and September 30, in a very truncated manner, to do the budget, do all 16 authorizations and all 12 appro-priations. Now, I am not a betting man, but I will go to Vegas and short that idea right now. There is no way we are going to fund this government ac-cording to that policy—no way. It will not happen. It can’t happen. It has not happened in 43 years that way except four times. Every single year this process breaks down. Like I said, we have used 178 continuing resolutions. What does a CR do? It ties the hands of our military leaders, where they can’t move money from one bucket to the other to help accommodate it. So what we have right now is a process that just has not worked. Yet, because of that, the Fed-eral Government has exploded in size. In 2000, the Federal Government spent $2.4 trillion running the Federal Government. Last year, we spent $3.9 trillion. Those are constant 2016 dol-lars. Over the next 10 years, we are going to spend $53 trillion running the Federal Government. We are going to borrow a significant part of that—an-other $10 trillion. The irony is, the debate we are hav-ing between now and September 30 is to fund the government, not on the full $4 trillion we are going to spend next year running the Federal Government, we are going to have this debate on only about $1.1 trillion, the discretionary side of the budget. If you do the math, in the last 8 years and, oh, by the way, in the next 10 years, according to the current CBO baseline budget, we borrow over 30 per-cent of what we spend as a Federal Government. Well, discretionary spending over the next 10 years is going to be less than that. So what that means is, over the last 8 years and over the next 10 years, every dime we have spent on discretionary spending has, by definition, been borrowed. There is no other way to look at it. That means that every dime we have spent for our military, which is about $600 billion today, every dime we spend on our VA, which is a little less than $200 billion, and every dime we spend on all other domestic expenditures, in-cluding healthcare, by the way, comes to $1.1 trillion. Every dime of that today is borrowed money. That means we have to go to China and the rest of the world to fund all of our discre-tionary spending. Now, by anybody’s estimate—con-servative, liberal, whatever—that is not acceptable. Here is why it is not acceptable: It cannot be sustained over a long period of time. Yet we are sit-ting here with a budget today that goes for the next 10 years that says we are going to continue operating business as usual and add another $10 trillion to this already burdensome debt of $20 trillion. The debt crisis and the budget prob-lem are interlinked. There is no way that we can solve the debt crisis unless and until we solve the budget process. The difficulty comes in trying to align the prospects within the process itself of getting to a determination. Right now, the budget process doesn’t work for this very reason: The budget itself is not a law. It is a resolu-tion, which means the majority party can cram down the throat of the mi-nority its version of a political budget. That is all it is. Then you go to an authorization process, and, in the authorization proc-ess today, we have over $310 billion of Federal expenditures that are not au-thorized, including the State Depart-ment. Last year, we didn’t even do an authorization for our military. Even then, after passing the appropriations bill in the Armed Services Committee 30 to 0, we could not get that bill on the floor of the Senate. We tried six times. So it was not authorized or ap-propriated last year, but it got wrapped up in an omnibus, and that same thing will more than likely happen this year. This can be fixed. It is not that dif-ficult. Several of us have been working behind the scenes, looking at other best practices around the world—other countries, companies, and even States. We have looked at best practices. What we found was that nobody else tries to fund their government or their enter-prise the way we try to fund the Fed-eral Government. This goes back to ar-ticle I and article II of our Constitu-tion. Article I says that funding the Fed-eral Government is the responsibility of Congress. Yet we have absconded with that. The 1921 act that created the Office of Management and Budget went well beyond what I think is called for in the original Constitution. So what we are looking at today is a legislative underreach and an executive overreach relative to funding government, out of necessity because of the dysfunction right here in the Senate relative to how we fund our government. There is no question that we will not fund this government without a continuing reso-lution and/or an omnibus come Sep-tember 30. The fix is not that unreasonable. All we need is a politically neutral plat-form that brings all expenses into the budget process—all $4 trillion today. That would include discretionary and mandatory and that the budget become a law, which means that we have to get bipartisan support for the budget. Then, lastly, if we don’t get the budg-et done by a certain date and we don’t fund the government by the end of the fiscal year, then, severe consequences are borne by the people who have the responsibility to fund the government, and that is the Senate, the House of Representatives, and the people in the administration who are responsible for their part of it. It is not that complicated. Many other countries do it. Most other coun-tries do it. In fact, in some countries, if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.033 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3278 June 6, 2017 
they don’t fund the government by the end of their fiscal year, their constitu-tions actually say that the government gets disbanded and they have an elec-tion. Well, that is not what I am call-ing for here. I don’t think we have to do anything that severe. There are colleagues of mine right here in this body, on both sides, who have contributed—Senators W
HITE-
HOUSE , E NZI, C ORKER , L ANKFORD , T
ILLIS , E RNST , R OUNDS , S ULLIVAN , D
AINES , and others—and who are weighing in on this. Governors, who have executive experience running large financial enterprises at the State level, have come into this body and bring enormous wealth of experience about how to get this done. My argument is that right now, dur-ing this period of dysfunctionality when we see firsthand the reality of not being able to take care of domestic needs, military needs, or any other dis-cretionary enterprises that we want to fund because of our own budgeting in-transigence, I can find no other time better than what we have right now to raise the question on both sides of the aisle. This is not a partisan conversa-tion. Both sides are guilty, but let’s come up with a politically neutral platform that would allow both sides, during the budget process, to talk about tax increases, tax expenditures, spending cuts, all the spending that we have, and all the responsibility we have in the Federal Government or in the Congress of funding the Federal Gov-ernment. Why not? We have one suggestion that says: Pick a time in the future. Decide what percentage of your GDP should be cov-ered by debt—no more than that—and have a limit on that, and then pick a roadmap back from that point in time to today with guardrails around that. That suggestion comes from the other side of the aisle, and I applaud that suggestion and I think it is very work-able. I think we can find ways to make all of this work. This should not be a partisan conversation. I sit on the Armed Services Com-mittee, and I sat on Foreign Relations the last 2 years. Both of those commit-tees are really very strong bipartisan efforts by every Member. That is what is needed here, and yet the Budget Committee, ironically, is one of the most partisan committees. The reason it is so is because of the law itself, because the budget is not a law. It is a resolution. My contention is that this is the root of this problem. It is one of the causative factors that cause this debt to be uncontrollable and to cause a dysfunction in this body from even being able to attempt to bring that under control. The solution is not just taxing more. It is not just spending more. It is not just growing more. The problem is much bigger than that. The debt prob-lem will never be solved unless and until we solve this budgeting process. As we close in on the next 50 days, as we check off every single day, I want my colleagues in here to be reminded of what we are going to have to do to fund the government come October 1. Please, let’s not get right up to Sep-tember 30 with a gun to our head that says: Either do it this way, spend this money this way, or do not fund the government tomorrow. That is total ir-responsibility, just like I believe this budget process is a fraud perpetrated by Washington on the people of Amer-ica and it is not honest relative to what we have to face up to in terms of our responsibilities. We cannot afford to do all that we are doing. That is just pure fact. The world is no longer going to be able to loan us the money that we need over the next 10 years—another $10 trillion. There is some $200 trillion of total debt in the world. Only $60 trillion of the $200 trillion is sovereign debt, and we have one-third of that sovereign debt today. Now, most other countries have curtailed their borrowing. We are one of the few that continue to just race along this path of borrowing money at this breakneck pace and adding an-other $10 trillion. We could, poten-tially, have over half of the world’s sovereign debt in the next 10 years. That cannot happen. The world bond risk and the bond markets will not, po-tentially, allow that to happen. So today is the day. As we go through the next 50 days, I believe we need to look for opportunities on both sides of the aisle to find a bipartisan way to stop this nonsense and to get to where we can fund the government in a responsible way each year, not just 1 year, and to get away from the past 43 years of total failure in terms of fund-ing the Federal Government, such that when we get to September 30 of each year, we have already approved the budget and we have the appropriations lined up and funded for the needs that we have all agreed here in Congress need to be met. I can think of no other call on this body higher than this right now be-cause it puts us at risk of doing the very things that we need to do; that is, to take care of our domestic needs, to take care of the people who need the safety net, to take care of these legacy programs of Social Security and Medi-care, and yet defend our country. Be-cause of this debt, we are limiting the opportunities that we have, and we will not solve that until we address this budget process. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
AUL). The Senator from Washington. 
TRUMPCARE  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I wish to take a few minutes this afternoon to talk about TrumpCare, specifically, about what families back in my home State of Washington are saying about the harm that this bill will do and why, despite how often Republicans say they are struggling to find a way to jam TrumpCare through the Senate, now is the time to keep the pressure on. I have had to say this far too often: Right now people across the country are scared, and they have a right to be. The policies in TrumpCare would turn our healthcare system into a minefield of higher costs and worse care for our families. If you are a young person who needs mental healthcare, you could pay thousands more a year on top of what you are already paying for insurance. If you are a senior, your premiums could increase by as much as 850 percent. If you need maternity care, the inde-pendent analysis by the Congressional Budget Office shows you could pay as much as $1,000 more a month. Under TrumpCare, 23 million people across the country would lose cov-erage, and, because insurance compa-nies would have far more power to lower their standards and offer skimpy, snake-oil plans, we would go back to the days when a trip to the emergency room could result in a truly dev-astating financial hit. I have just described some of the big-gest impacts TrumpCare would have. None of them help patients and fami-lies. They instead do serious harm. But you know who would benefit from TrumpCare? Special interests in the healthcare industry that would get a massive tax break and, of course, President Trump, who is desperate for a political win. For these reasons and many more, people across our country are rejecting TrumpCare. They don’t want the dra-matically higher healthcare costs. They don’t want this bill to create even more chaos in our healthcare sys-tem than Republicans already have, and they certainly don’t think they should have to pay more, all to appease President Trump and those at the very top. Senate Republican leaders have said they expect their final product will look a whole lot like the version of TrumpCare that passed in the House. In fact, some of them said they expect to keep as much as 80 percent of the House-passed version of TrumpCare. So it is no wonder that they are now hav-ing trouble figuring out how to cobble together enough votes to jam this dis-astrous bill through the Senate. If that is truly the case, then, I would again encourage them to drop this reckless repeal effort, to stop creating chaos in our healthcare system, which is driving up our premiums, and to work with Democrats on real solutions. We are ready, like we have always been, to find ways to bring down fami-lies’ healthcare costs while making sure they get the same quality of care and finding ways to get families more affordable coverage. Unfortunately, we have not heard from any Republicans who are willing to reverse course. That is why, despite how much trouble Re-publicans may be having with their dis-astrous policies, I am here today urg-ing anyone who rejects TrumpCare and what it means for our families’ health and financial security to fight as hard as they can against this bill. Keep making those calls, keep rallying, and keep sharing your stories. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.041 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3279 June 6, 2017 
Since the election, I have heard from family after family in Washington State about what the future holds for their healthcare. One of those is a con-stituent of mine named Marcy Jeffer-son. Her husband is a small business owner, and they purchase individual in-surance. Well, in 2014 Marcy was diagnosed with cancer. She has had to have not one but two stem cell transplants since then, and her chemotherapy costs are over $3,000 each month. Before the Affordable Care Act, Marcy’s health insurance had no out- of-pocket limit. Without limits on how much insurance companies can charge patients—a protection that TrumpCare would take away—Marcy says she and her husband will most definitely face bankruptcy. Marcy also says that the ACA ‘‘lit-erally saved my life—and we could not afford the type of care I am receiving without it.’’ There are stories like Marcy’s in lit-erally every community in our coun-try—in red States, in blue States, in purple States. It is appalling that in-stead of working with us to make healthcare more affordable and with higher quality and expanding coverage, instead of listening to people like Marcy and joining us at the table, Re-publicans are trying to jam through the Senate a plan that would do the op-posite—one that would threaten lives and devastate our families financially. So I am going to do everything I can to fight back, and I will keep working hard against the deeply harmful TrumpCare plan that Republicans are determined to get signed into law. Families like Marcy’s are bravely speaking up and making clear just how damaging TrumpCare would be, and that is exactly what Democrats here in the Senate are going to do as well. 
THE PRESIDENT ’S BUDGET  
Before I close, Mr. President, I want to take a couple of minutes to talk about President Trump’s latest budget proposal, because even after last week’s stunning move by President Trump to obstruct our fight against climate change and seeing another con-firmation the week before that that 23 million Americans would lose their healthcare coverage under TrumpCare, we cannot lose sight of the grand scope of President Trump’s cruel attack against working families. Nowhere has the President’s broken promises to working families been more evident than in his recent budget proposal. President Trump spent his campaign promising workers he would stand with them, promising seniors he would pro-tect their care, promising the middle class he would make the economy work for them. Then he came to Washington, DC, and crafted a budget that is a per-fect summary of all the way those promises are broken. In fact, the President’s budget direc-tor came up to Capitol Hill just 2 weeks ago to try to defend the budget, to try to explain how it didn’t break promises, but he couldn’t do it because it can’t be done. From his promises not to cut Med-icaid or Social Security to his promise to provide ‘‘insurance for everybody’’ that was better and at lower cost, promise after promise was not just bro-ken but shattered. So I urge my colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, to reject President Trump’s anti-worker, anti-student, anti-woman, anti-senior agenda. Thankfully, we are seeing signs that is happening. Democrats, Republicans, and Independents have been criticizing this budget here in DC and across the country. One senior Republican Sen-ator called it ‘‘dead on arrival,’’ and he is exactly right. The families we represent want us to work together, to invest in our workers and in our middle-class families, to protect patients, to stand with women, to grow our economy from the middle out, and not simply give more tax cuts to the wealthy or well connected. We were able to do this before. Recently, Democrats and Republicans came to-gether to pass a spending bill that re-jected President Trump’s extreme agenda and worked for families and the middle class. We were able to come to-gether on bipartisan budget deals that increased investments. So I am hopeful that Republicans will stand with us on the side of the people they represent, push aside this awful budget from the President, and work with us to do this again. I stand ready to do that. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Dakota. Mr. HOEVEN. Mr. President, I rise today to speak in support of the VA Accountability and Whistleblower Pro-tection Act—bipartisan legislation that will help ensure that our veterans receive the care they deserve. We owe our veterans more than we can ever repay for their dedicated serv-ice. Part of this debt is providing our veterans with timely, high-quality healthcare. In my home State of North Dakota, our VA medical center is located in Fargo. It not only serves the veterans in North Dakota, but it also serves the western half of Minnesota as well. If there is one thing that our veterans have made very clear about the health center in Fargo—from both North Da-kota and Minnesota—our veterans have made clear that it is an outstanding healthcare center that provides high- quality service. Our veterans love the Fargo VA. They do a great job. It is important to note that the vast majority of VA employees are dedi-cated to serving our veterans and are working diligently to provide services to veterans in their communities. How-ever, as recent events have shown, there are a number of instances where poor performance or misconduct by a VA employee has had tragic con-sequences. In cases like these, the VA needs to have the ability to address these situa-tions and to do it in a fair but expedi-tious manner. This bipartisan legisla-tion will provide the VA Secretary with the necessary tools to do just that and ensure that VA employees are put-ting our veterans first. Specifically, this legislation establishes in law the Office of Accountability and Whistle-blower Protection within the VA, a post which was created earlier this year through Executive order. It au-thorizes the Secretary of VA to rep-rimand, suspend, demote, or remove VA employees at any level and hasten the appeal and review process. Addi-tionally, it establishes protections for whistleblowers . These reforms are important for our veterans. That is why the legislation has garnered the support of many vet-erans organizations. It has garnered the support of our North Dakota VA Commissioner, as well as the veterans service organizations, including the American Legion, AMVETS, Veterans of Foreign Wars, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, the Military Offi-cers Association of America, and oth-ers. It has also garnered the support of cosponsors on both sides of the aisle in this Chamber. Seventy-three years ago, over 160,000 brave Allied troops landed on the beaches of Normandy. I can think of no more an appropriate day to pass legis-lation that honors our commitment to our veterans and helps ensure they re-ceive the care they have earned. I thank the committee chair, Senator ISAKSON of Georgia, and also Senator T
ESTER of Montana for their out-standing bipartisan leadership on this important legislation. I particularly also want to thank Senator M
ARCO RUBIO of Florida, who is the primary sponsor of this legisla-tion and has been a champion for vet-erans issues. I know this account-ability issue is one he has spoken about consistently, often, and passionately on behalf of our veterans. I thank him for his leadership on this very impor-tant legislation. At this time, I yield to the prime sponsor of this bill, Senator M
ARCO  R
UBIO. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, I want to thank the Senator for his kind com-ments. This issue is one that I think matters to all 100 Members of this Chamber and every American. I, too, find it timely that here we are, 73 years to the day of the incredible sacrifices that were made on that beach in Normandy and that we have the opportunity to honor the men and women who have served for us, then and since then, particularly those who are now in need of services, with the passage of what is truly landmark leg-islation, and I will talk about that in a moment. It is the hope of all of us who are supporting this that it will help bring accountability for generations of those who have served and will serve to protect our great Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.042 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3280 June 6, 2017 
We live in a time of an outrage cul-ture, where in order to make the news every evening, you have to be involved in some controversy or say something over the top. That is just the way things are these days. So when some-thing positive happens, it doesn’t get a lot of coverage. It is my sense that while we are not doing this for pur-poses of getting coverage, many Ameri-cans tonight, as they watch the news or go on the internet, will have no idea that the Senate took this up. I think that is unfortunate because in addition to the importance of this piece of legis-lation, it is a testament that despite all of the important issues, noise, and arguments we hear every day on tele-vision, that our Republic still works and that men and women of good faith can come together across political ide-ology and partisan lines on an issue that wasn’t easy to work with for a couple of years. I hope there is an opportunity to point to this and say that on some-thing that was important—this is not a symbolic resolution; this is a change in the laws of our country that will bring accountability to one of the most im-portant functions that our government provides to the men and women who serve in uniform, and that is the Vet-erans’ Administration. That is why I preference my comments on all this and the fact that this is not getting a lot of attention because this is not con-troversial. If there were a big fight on the floor about this and people were bickering or arguing, it would get more coverage, but the fact that we were able to come together across party lines on this issue and get it done should not be a reason not to recognize its importance. That is not why we are doing it. We are doing it to make a change. I think it is important to preface my remarks by saying that it has been an honor and a pleasure to work with Chairman I
SAKSON and with the rank-ing member, Senator T
ESTER , and all the members of the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Committee on what is now truly bipartisan legislation that is be-fore the Senate. I remain grateful to the committee for their efforts to help bring needed accountability reforms to the Department. This is an issue, as I said, that we have been working on for several years, and I am pleased that we are now on a path to enact real change. This spring marks 3 years since light was shed on the veterans who died while they were stuck on secret wait-ing lists at the Department of Veterans Affairs. After it was revealed that the Phoenix, AZ, VA facility had wide-spread mismanagement and mis-conduct by employees, Congress came together and acted promptly. In the wake of that deplorable situation, this Chamber responded in a bipartisan way by passing the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014. While many of those reforms have begun to make a difference, we knew even then that it would not be enough. As reflected in the legislation that is now before us, in this law we are seek-ing to address those shortcomings and doing so in deference to what the courts have decided is consistent with the Constitution of the United States. As virtually every Member of this Chamber—if not everyone—has done, over the years I have met with vet-erans throughout my home State of Florida, and I have found that many share a common frustration and dis-appointment and often express resigna-tion that meaningful accountability has yet to come or occur at the VA. It is my hope that will begin to change with this vote today. These men and women, our veterans, have sacrificed much for our country, and it is our duty to take care of them when they come home after taking care of us. Sadly, for many, this solemn obliga-tion and promise has not been kept. Plain and simple, ineffective govern-ance is unfair to our veterans and to the American taxpayer. The VA must be properly managed so that it can pro-vide timely, quality care to veterans and be held accountable to all Ameri-cans. Let me follow up what I just said by making it abundantly clear that the overwhelming majority of the people who work at the VA are good, hard- working employees who serve our vet-erans well. Many of them are veterans themselves. This is not a punitive measure, nor is it meant to degrade the work they are doing under very dif-ficult circumstances. But it has be-come clear that under the current law, the VA often is unwilling or unable to hold individuals appropriately account-able for their actions and/or misdeeds— usually not because they don’t want to but because under the law they just can’t. Even in instances in which dis-ciplinary action against an employee was attempted, the complexity and the lengthiness of the process prevented meaningful consequences. The unfortunate reality is that those few but significant number of negligent employees often went unpunished. To shield such employees from the con-sequences brings down the entire De-partment, demoralizes the workforce, and undermines the core mission of the VA. That comes not from political talking points but from many of the men and women who themselves work at the VA. We cannot and must not allow bu-reaucratic redtape to get in the way. Our VA is staffed by those who belong there and are willing to perform the important tasks of serving our heroes. It is our hope and my belief that this law will change the VA, and it will change it for the better. Simply put, the law gives the VA Secretary the au-thority to reprimand, to suspend, to demote, or to remove any employee if their behavior or their performance warrants such an action. Importantly, these reforms establish a period of adequate notice, response, and final decision on a disciplinary ac-tion initiated by the Secretary and is under an enforceable and capped time-frame. So while the employee is get-ting due notice and the opportunity to defend themselves, it doesn’t drag on forever. It also provides a new avenue for whistleblowers so they can come for-ward without fear of retaliation through the establishment of an Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection. This is critical because, as we have seen, in order to uncover many of these abuses at the Department, we oftentimes need to rely on information directly from those who have seen it happen and are involved. In summary, this bill will protect our veterans while also serving as a means to protect the countless well-per-forming, dedicated VA employees and whistleblowers in the Department who are frustrated that just a handful of bad apples are standing in the way of providing the service they signed up to provide. This bill will also ensure that VA employees’ due process rights are respected and not infringed upon. This is not an anti-VA employee law; it is designed to reward those who work hard and perform and to identify and remove those who do not. I am proud to say this bill would not have been possible without the support of our current VA Secretary. We worked closely with him and his office to ensure that the provisions would provide the tools they need now and for future Secretaries so they can carry out their important mission. In addition to the Secretary, the bill has been endorsed by the Office of Spe-cial Counsel, Project On Government Oversight, and several veteran service organizations, including the Paralyzed Veterans of America, the American Le-gion, the Veterans of Foreign Wars, Concerned Veterans for America, the Reserve Officers Association, the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, American Veterans, and the Military Officers Association of America. These organizations serve our veterans admi-rably, have valuable knowledge of vet-erans’ needs, and they agree that this legislation provides overdue reforms to the VA’s current broken civil service system. We are all grateful for their help, for their support, and for helping and informing us in tweaking this law so that it actually solves problems. There are two more points that I want to make. I am proud that we were able to come together as a unified body—Repub-licans and Democrats—to show the Na-tion that the Republic can still work and that we can work together to solve problems. Hopefully, that spirit will carry over into other issues that con-front our Nation. With today’s vote, I think we move one step closer to achieving the worthy goal of bringing accountability and, as a result, an improvement in the VA. I thank my colleagues for joining this fight to better serve our Nation’s vet-erans. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.044 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3281 June 6, 2017 
I close by thanking the people who worked day in and day out on this, in-cluding the staffs for Chairman I
SAK-
SON and Ranking Member T ESTER . Adam Reece and Jorge Rueda worked tirelessly on the bill. I thank Hazen Marshall and Tom Hawkins with Sen-ator M
CCONNELL ’s office. I thank our cloakroom staff—Laura Dove, Chris Tuck, and Tony Hanagan—for their work in getting this bill here today. On my own personal staff, I thank J.R. Sanchez, who has worked on this personally for 2
1⁄2to 3 years. I don’t know what he is going to do with his time now because he has spent so much time and passion on this, and he knows many of these veterans personally. This is a good day, and I look forward to eventually getting this bill over to the President’s office so that account-ability and improvement in perform-ance can finally come to the VA and so that the men and women who have taken care of us will finally be taken care of the way they deserve. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
COTT). The Senator from Georgia. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I thank Senator R
UBIO, who has been a stead-fast leader on this issue for years. People have heard the term ‘‘years’’ mentioned. It is plural. We have worked on this thing for a long time. It started coming together last year, but it fell apart at the last minute. Thanks to the Senator’s work and the work of the committee and the staffs on both committees and the leadership on the Democratic side—Mr. T
ESTER ’s and mine—we found a way to do what, as I said in my opening remarks earlier—3 hours ago—is an act of Divine Provi-dence. None of us really ever planned that this bill would come to the floor on the 73rd anniversary of the invasion of Normandy. It was a great day in American his-tory and world history when the evil German empire—Adolf Hitler—was de-stroyed by the Allied Forces and the United States of America. It is only ap-propriate that on the anniversary of that date 73 years later, we say to those who have worn the uniform and who wear the uniform, who represent us every day and fight for us and ask nothing in return: We will see to it that you get what you were promised in terms of healthcare and benefits, and we will be sure you have a mecha-nism to hold it accountable in order to give you the type of service as a vet-eran that you gave to us when you fought for our country. I will repeat what has been said by the others in thanking the staff mem-bers who have worked so hard. This has not been an easy battle. It has ap-peared easy because nobody has been down here, arguing. All of the argu-ments are over. The veterans won. Doing the right thing won. It all would not have happened had it not been for a lot of hard-working staff. I thank J
ONTESTER and his staff, on the Democratic side, for all of their work on this. I want to particularly thank the Republican staffers who worked countless, tireless hours in order to make this take place: Staff Di-rector Tom Bowman, Amanda Mere-dith, Adam Reece, Gretchan Blum, Kristen Hines, Maureen O’Neill, Leslie Campbell, David Shearman, Jillian Workman, Thomas Coleman, John Ash-ley, Mitchell Sylvest, and Heather Vachon. We could not have done what we did nor would we have been here today without their help. Yet, as has always been true, we would not as a country have been here today nor would we have ever existed had it not been for the brave men and women who bore the battle—who fought the battle—who de-fended our country and made sure we had the opportunity to become what is now acknowledged around the world— the greatest government on the face of this Earth. On this day, the anniversary of the invasion of Normandy on D-day, we are guaranteeing our veterans the type of service that they fought for and de-serve. God bless America, and God bless the veterans who proudly serve America day in and day out in every uniform around the world. In the absence of another speaker, I yield back the remaining time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall it pass? The bill (S. 1094), as amended, was passed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Georgia. f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ISAKSON. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. C
APITO ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. The Senator from Rhode Island. 
f 
GASPEE DAYS Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Madam Presi-dent, I come to the Senate floor every year around this time to discuss an im-portant incident in the history of Rhode Island largely overlooked in the history books, certainly overlooked in consequence to its importance. We have to understand that we Rhode Islanders have always had a pretty fierce independent streak. The Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Planta-tions was founded by Roger Williams and others fleeing the harsh ideological conformity of the Massachusetts theoc-racy. Our 1663 charter, describing the colony as a ‘‘lively experiment,’’ is the first formal document in all of history granting to a political entity the sepa-ration of church and state, along with unprecedented freedoms of speech. Rhode Island was the first colony to declare its independence from Britain, on the Fourth of May, 1776—2 months before the rest of you did on the Fourth of July—and we were the last colony to join the Union, waiting for an independent Bill of Rights. Like I said, an independent streak. Colonial Rhode Islanders chafed at the inequities of British rule, espe-cially the disruption of our liberty at sea. We are the Ocean State. Living and working on the water has always been a Rhode Island way of life. As ten-sions with the American Colonies grew, however, King George III stationed rev-enue cutters, armed Customs patrol vessels, in the waters of Narragansett Bay to prevent smuggling, enforce the payment of taxes, and impose British sovereignty. In 1764, after a British ship called the HMS St. John stole goods from Newport merchants, a group of Rhode Islanders seized control of Fort George on Goat Island in Newport Harbor and fired cannons on the vessel. In 1769, the HMS Liberty, a sloop con-fiscated by the British from none other than John Hancock and repurposed as a Customs vessel, was boarded, scut-tled, and burned by a mob of angry Rhode Islanders. In 1772, on a dark night, a band of Rhode Islanders destroyed the HMS Gaspee, one of the most hated imperial ships, drawing what the Rhode Island abolitionist Frances Whipple McDou-gall called, in 1884, ‘‘The first blood in the Revolution.’’ The Gaspee and its captain, Lieuten-ant William Dudingston, were known for destroying Rhode Islanders’ vessels, seizing their cargo, and flagging down ships to harass, humiliate, and interro-gate the Colonials. As historian Steven Park describes in his new book, ‘‘The Burning of His Majesty’s Schooner Gaspee: An Attack on Crown Rule Be-fore the American Revolution,’’ the Gaspee was an unwelcome, even hated, presence in Narragansett Bay. Rhode Island Deputy Gov. Darius Sessions complained to Gov. Joseph Wanton, in March 1772, that Lieutenant Dudingston had ‘‘no legal authority to justify his conduct, and his commission . . . [was] more of a fiction than any-thing else.’’ When British authorities assured Governor Wanton that Dudingston was there to protect the Rhode Island col-ony from pirates, the Governor replied that he didn’t know whether Dudingston was protecting them from pirates or was the pirate himself. On June 9, 1772, all this tension came to a head. On this day, Rhode Island Captain Benjamin Lindsey was en route to Providence from Newport in his ship the Hannah. He was ordered by the hated Gaspee to halt for inspection. Captain Lindsey refused, and he raced up Narragansett Bay—despite warning shots fired at the Hannah. The Gaspee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.045 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3282 June 6, 2017 
gave chase to the Hannah, and Captain Lindsey, who knew the waters of Nar-ragansett Bay far better than Dudingston did, steered his ship north toward Pawtuxet Cove in Warwick, right over the shallows off of Namquid Point—known today as Gaspee Point. The lighter Hannah was able to shoot over those shallows, but the heavier Gaspee ran aground and stuck firm in a sandbar in a falling tide. The British ship and her crew were stranded and would need to wait many hours before a rising tide could free them. Wasting no time, Captain Lindsey sailed up to Providence, and with the help of the respected merchant and statesman John Brown, rallied a group of Rhode Island patriots at Sabin’s Tavern, in what is now the East Side of Providence. Together, after suitable re-freshment, the group resolved to end the Gaspee’s menace in Rhode Island waters. That night, 80 or so men shoved off from the wharf under a moonless sky, with their faces blackened and their oarlocks muffled, paddling eight longboats down Narragansett Bay to-ward the stranded Gaspee. The longboats silently surrounded the Gaspee, and the Rhode Islanders shout-ed for Lieutenant Dudingston to sur-render his ship. As Daniel Harrington recounted in the Providence Journal, ‘‘Captain Abraham Whipple spoke first for the Rhode Islanders, summoning Dudingston: ‘I am sheriff of Kent Coun-ty, [expletive]. I have a warrant to ap-prehend you, [expletive]; so surrender, [expletive].’ It was a classic Rhode Is-land greeting!’’ Surprised and enraged, Dudingston refused and ordered his men to fire upon anyone who attempted to board the Gaspee. Gunshots struck out in the night, and musket balls hit Lieutenant Dudingston in his groin and his arm. The Rhode Islanders, outnumbering the British, swarmed onto the deck and commandeered the ship. Brown ordered one of his Rhode Islanders, a physician named John Mawney, to tend to Lieu-tenant Dudingston’s wounds. After properly plundering the lieu-tenant’s quarters, the patriots removed the British crew to land and returned to torch the Gaspee. Ultimately, the flames reached the powder magazine, and the resulting blast echoed across the bay as the dreaded Gaspee blew to smithereens. When word got back to the King, he was furious, and he offered huge royal rewards for the capture of the rebels who had done this deed, but, strangely enough, no Rhode Islander would step forward to finger the perpetrators. You have to admire, under that kind of pressure, that with 80 people who had gone down in those longboats, not one Rhode Islander would spill the beans. Word spread throughout the Colonies of this incident and of the Crown’s brand of justice. Samuel Adams wrote a letter in the Providence Gazette on December 26, 1772, that read, in part: 
A court of inquisition, more horrid than that of Spain or Portugal, is established within this colony, to inquire into the cir-cumstances of destroying the Gaspee schoo- ner; and the persons who are the commis-sioners of this new-fangled court, are vested with most exorbitant and unconstitutional power. They are directed to summon wit-nesses, apprehend persons not only im-peached, but even suspected! And . . . to de-liver them to Admiral Montagu, who is or-dered to have a ship in readiness to carry them to England, where they are to be tried. The Reverend John Allen delivered at the Second Baptist Church in Boston a Thanksgiving sermon on the Gaspee Af-fair that was distributed in pamphlet form throughout the Colonies. His words helped rouse the spirit of inde-pendence of this fledgling Nation. He said: 
Supposing . . . that the Rhode Islanders, for the sake of the blood-bought liberties of their forefathers, for the sake of the birth-rights of their children, should show a spirit of resentment against a tyrannical arbitrary power that attempts to destroy their lives, liberties and property, would it not be insuf-ferably cruel (for this which the law of na-ture and nations teaches them to do) to be butchered, assassinated and slaughtered in their own streets by their own King? 
Well, schoolchildren’s history books tell a tale of Bostonians who dressed up in funny outfits and climbed onto a British boat and pushed bales of tea into the harbor, but not enough school-children know of the bravery of the Rhode Islanders who, more than a year earlier, fired the first shots and drew the first blood in the quest for Amer-ican independence. It is a fine thing, I am sure, to push tea bales off a boat. We blew the boat up, and we did it more than a year earlier. Rhode Islanders are justifiably proud of our role in our rebellion. We have made a tradition of celebrating the Gaspee incident with the annual Gaspee Days celebration and parade through Warwick. An independent study group at Brown University is adapting the tale of the Gaspee into a virtual reality educational experience so you can put on the goggles and reenact the experi-ence of the Gaspee, marrying Rhode Is-land history with cutting-edge tech-nology to engage middle and high school students in this history. Someday soon, children across the country may be able to join Captain Whipple and John Brown and step into a virtual longboat, coast down a vir-tual Narragansett Bay, and watch the sky over a virtual Rhode Island, alight with the fire of revolution. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE REUNIFICATION OF JERUSALEM Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, this June marks the 50th anniversary of the reunification of Jerusalem. I am hon-ored to have supported S. Res. 176, which commemorates the 50th anniver-sary of the reunification of Jerusalem. This resolution reaffirms the Holy City of Jerusalem’s central role for the Jewish people dating back many mil-lennia. Since 1967, all people of all reli-gious faiths are able to visit and wor-ship at the holy sites of Jerusalem. I will always stand with Israel as it en-sures that all individuals enjoy oppor-tunities to visit and worship at Jerusa-lem’s holy sites. The United States has stood with Israel for the past 50 years and will continue to do so. The intervening 50 years have included momentous changes in Israel and throughout the region, including peace treaties with Egypt and Jordan that stand to this day. These events give me hope for a future in which Israel and all of its neighbors together benefit from a com-prehensive, warm peace. f 
CHILD PROTECTION AND FAMILY SUPPORT ACT Mr. DAINES. Madam President, I am honored today to announce legislation that Senator P
ETERS and I have intro-duced that provides another option for children in the foster care system in Montana and across the country. I worked with a host of Montana groups to develop the Child Protection and Family Support Act of 2017, includ-ing a handful of nonprofit organiza-tions focused on foster youth, the Mon-tana attorney general, Indian Tribes, and individual constituents. I am pleased to have their support on this legislation. Montana is in the midst of a child welfare crisis. We have a record 3,400 children in foster care, and about a third of those children are there be-cause of methamphetamine use by their parents. Montana state law requires the Office of the Child and Family Ombudsman to investigate circumstances surrounding child fatalities when the child was in-volved with the Montana Department of Public Health and Human Services Child and Family Services Division within 12 months of the date of the child’s death. Last December, the Montana Depart-ment of Justice issued a report and the findings were devastating: It detailed 14 child deaths that met these param-eters. Of the 14 cases reviewed, 11 involved children 2 years old or younger. In nine of those cases, the children were 1 year old or younger. Eleven cases included allegations of drug use, four of which indicated methamphetamine use. Six cases indicated issues of domestic vio-lence, and eight cases involved parents who received child protective services in Montana when they themselves were children. I have been told that at least seven children have met a similar fate in the first 5 months of 2017 alone. The death of one child is too many. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.046 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3283 June 6, 2017 
Under current Federal policy, a child must be removed from the home of a parent and, after removal, cannot be living with the parent, in order to be eligible for a title IV–E foster care maintenance payment. My bill would permit title IV–E foster care mainte-nance payment support, for up to 12 months, for a child in foster care who is placed with a parent in a licensed residential family-based treatment fa-cility. This would allow the parent to get the help they need while keeping the family intact. Secondly, the bill would reauthorize the Administration for Children and Families’ Regional Partnership Grant, RPG, Program. These competitive grants reduce the risk of foster care due to parental substance abuse, an issue of utmost importance to Mon-tana. Since their inception in 2006, two Montana grantees have utilized and benefited from RPGs: the Center for Children and Families in Billings, MT, and the Apsaalooke Nation Housing Authority in Crow Agency. My bill reauthorizes and strengthens this grant program with modest im-provements. For example, it encour-ages the use of RPGs to address the needs of children and families affected by methamphetamine, heroin, and opioid substance use disorders, help im-plement effective title IV–E prevention services, and focus on improved out-comes for families, including children and their parents. The bill further re-quires that, in addition to the State child welfare agency, every funded partnership must include the State agency that administers the Federal substance abuse prevention and treat-ment block grant and, if the partner-ship intends to serve children placed in out-of-home care, the court that han-dles child abuse and neglect pro-ceedings in the region. Among the long list of eligible grant applicants and partners, Native Amer-ican Tribes, Tribal consortiums, and Tribal organizations are all eligible grantees, and I hope they will increas-ingly utilize RPGs, especially given the unique foster care challenges in Indian communities. As a U.S. Senator, as a person of faith, as a father, and as an American, I believe in helping the most vulner-able in our society—in this case, inno-cent children. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. 
f 
100TH BIRTHDAY OF THE 34TH AND 37TH BOMB SQUADRONS Mr. THUNE. Madam President, today I would like to recognize the 100th birthday of the Air Force’s 34th and 37th Bomb Squadrons. Two of the oldest active squadrons in the U.S. Air Force, the 34th and 37th Bomb Squadrons first served our Na-tion during ‘‘the war to end all wars.’’ Too soon after the conclusion of their service in World War I, however, our country needed them once again. Dur-ing World War II, when our allies in Europe and in the Pacific called for help, the brave airmen of these units answered the call. They served with distinction during the historic Doo-little Raid, a daring mission that test-ed the limits of the B–25 bombers that had been selected to strike a blow to the heart of the Japanese empire. While their bombers delivered pay-loads, their courage delivered hope to a world that longed for peace. The 34th and 37th Bomb Squadrons went on to fly numerous interdiction and support missions during the Ko-rean war, deployed during Operation Desert Storm, and fought in Kosovo and Serbia. When terrorists attacked our homeland in 2001, both squadrons took action in Operations Enduring Freedom and Iraqi Freedom. In 2011, the 34th and 37th joined forces to launch the first ever B–1 combat mis-sion launched from the continental United States, flying from Ellsworth Air Force base in South Dakota to hit enemy targets in Libya during Oper-ation Odyssey Dawn. During their 100 years of service, the airmen of the 34th and 37th Bomb Squadrons have assisted allies around the globe and represented the very best of who we are as a nation. I have full faith they will continue their distinguished service in defense of our country, our allies, and our free-doms. So many times throughout the his-tory of our republic, we have called upon ordinary men and women to be-come extraordinary heroes. Today we honor the legacy of the heroes of the 34th and 37th Bomb Squadrons, and I thank you for joining me in wishing them the best as they celebrate a cen-tury of service. f 
TRIBUTE TO VICE ADMIRAL JAMES D. SYRING Mr. SHELBY. Madam President, today I wish to mark the retirement of VADM James D. Syring from the U.S. Navy following more than three dec-ades of military service to this great Nation. In his last post, he served as the Di-rector of the United States Missile De-fense Agency, MDA. As Director, Admi-ral Syring made enormous contribu-tions to the successful development and fielding of the Ballistic Missile De-fense System, BMDS, in order to pro-tect our Nation, American troops de-ployed abroad, our allies, and our international partners. Beginning as a midshipman at the U.S. Naval Academy, the Navy recog-nized his potential early on and des-ignated him an engineering duty offi-cer, where he served in various assign-ments. Upon selection to flag rank in 2010, Admiral Syring served as the program executive officer for Integrated War-fare Systems, where he managed inte-grated weapons systems for ships, sub-marines, carriers, and aircraft within the Fleet and Joint Force. His intellect, work ethic, and ability to deliver complex weapons systems re-sulted in his being nominated and con-firmed as the ninth Director of MDA in November 2012, the first naval officer to assume the directorship of this multibillion-dollar Agency. He oversaw MDA’s worldwide mission to develop and deliver to the warfighter a capa-bility to defend the United States against ballistic missile attacks. He has done an outstanding job. During his time at MDA, the Agency and the Department of Defense made significant progress in addressing cur-rent and emerging ballistic missile threats of all ranges. The progress made is even more remarkable consid-ering the budget cuts sustained during that time. In response to the growing North Korean ICBM threat, Admiral Syring implemented a program to ex-pand the capacity of homeland missile defenses. His leadership brought acqui-sition rigor to the critical Ground- based Midcourse Defense—GMD—Pro-gram and laid the foundation for the Agency to implement ground system modernization, a robust ground-based interceptor—GBI—Stockpile Reli-ability Program, as well as the Rede-signed Kill Vehicle Program. Under Admiral Syring’s steady hand, the Agency successfully fielded a new data terminal at Fort Drum, NY, pro-viding the warfighter the capability to improve communication with home-land defense interceptors. He also oversaw a strategy to im-prove the overall sensor and discrimi-nation capability of the Ballistic Mis-sile Defense System. With the Long Range Discrimination Radar—LRDR— Program, MDA will deploy an improved persistent midcourse BMDS discrimi-nation capability to enhance the Pa-cific architecture. The program today is within cost and is on schedule to de-liver an initial capability to the warfighter in 2020. Those most familiar with major defense acquisition pro-grams know that this is no small ac-complishment. Overall, Admiral Syring’s advocacy for additional interceptor capacity, im-proved GBI reliability, a redesigned kill vehicle, and LRDR resulted in a fielded system that meets the threat today and is well-positioned to be ex-panded upon for future challenges. Admiral Syring was also responsible for major BMDS asset deployments around the globe. He strengthened re-gional defenses by continuing deliv-eries of terminal high altitude area de-fense—THAAD—interceptors and Standard Missile-3—SM–3—Block IBs for use on Aegis Ballistic Missile De-fense ships and at Aegis Ashore sites. He took steps to ensure that the United States remained committed to the planned European phased adaptive ap-proach—EPAA—deployments. He oversaw the delivery of the Aegis Ashore system in Romania in support of EPAA Phase 2, which was accepted for operations by the warfighter in May 2016. In addition, under his leader-ship, construction of the Aegis Ashore 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.035 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3284 June 6, 2017 
site in Poland commenced to improve European NATO defenses against medium- and intermediate-range bal-listic missiles. He kept the Agency on track to deliver by the end of 2018 the initial SM–3 Block IIA missiles devel-oped in cooperation with Japan to sup-port EPAA Phase 3. Additionally, Admiral Syring sup-ported successful negotiations between the United States and the Republic of Korea, ROK, on the deployment of a THAAD battery to the ROK, shoring up defenses against the growing threat from North Korean ballistic missiles. In order to deal with future missile threats, Admiral Syring pursued an ad-vanced technology program with the goal of reducing the cost of engaging increasing and complex ballistic mis-sile threats. Finally, Admiral Syring successfully initiated the development of an experi-mental space sensor layer for the BMDS, a new, low-cost program called Space-based Kill Assessment, SKA. The program will increase the performance of the BMDS by collecting data on mis-sile intercepts, a critical capability of which the significance cannot be over-stated. Our Nation has long hoped and, in-deed, expected that we will always be able to recruit and retain capable indi-viduals with a strong sense of patriot-ism, who will spend their careers en-suring that our country is safe in peacetime and capable in time of war. The contributions that VADM James D. Syring made to the Missile Defense Agency, the U.S. Navy, and the na-tional security of the United States of America over his career have again shown our Nation’s hopes are not too great to be met. As he retires after more than three decades of military service, I wish him and his family well, and I hope he has a deep appreciation of his legacy to this Nation and of the gratitude of his fellow citizens. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO NANCY E. DiCARLO Mr. SHELBY. Madam President, today I wish to pay tribute to the work and 37-year career of Ms. Nancy E. DiCarlo on the occasion of her retire-ment from the Department of Defense. Since January 2007, Ms. DiCarlo has served as the Director for International Affairs for the U.S. Missile Defense Agency. In this capacity, Ms. DiCarlo has played an important role in the successful initial fielding of our inte-grated, layered, ballistic missile de-fense system, which currently protects our Nation, American troops deployed abroad, and our friends and allies from attack by ballistic missiles. Ms. DiCarlo’s career has been marked by increasing responsibility across a number of departments and programs important to the national security of the United States. Beginning her ca-reer in the Department of the U.S. Navy, Ms. DiCarlo contributed to the cost, schedule, and performance of the Navy’s F/A–18 international programs, undersea surveillance programs, elec-tronic hardware programs, and logis-tics programs. Her performance caught the atten-tion of the Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development & Ac-quisition, who selected Ms. DiCarlo to join the Navy acquisition team. In this role, she worked on a strategic imple-mentation plan and performance meas-ures across the Navy acquisition enter-prise. Ms. DiCarlo went on to join the U.S. Defense Security Cooperation Agency and lead both military and civilian staff in the management of Asian, Eu-ropean, NATO, and African security co-operation strategy, programs, and en-gagement. She was later selected for the Senior Executive Service and named as MDA’s Director for Inter-national Affairs for MDA, where she diligently promoted U.S. national secu-rity goals and objectives. Her service has assisted the sale of U.S. missile defense assets which has strengthened the cooperation of our international partners, thereby ex-panding the capabilities and effective-ness of U.S. missile defenses. Additionally, Ms. DiCarlo’s efforts have enhanced the U.S. partnership with the Government of Israel on mis-sile defense programs. As the lead U.S. negotiator, she instituted codevelop-ment programs for the David’s Sling Weapon System to defend Israel against long-range rockets and short- range ballistic missile threats and for the Upper Tier Interceptor Program as part of the Arrow Weapon System de-signed to defend Israel against longer- range ballistic missile threats. Ms. DiCarlo led negotiations with Israel on coproduction agreements for Iron Dome and David’s Sling Weapon Sys-tems. The American people rely upon civil-ian and uniformed Federal employees to protect and advance their interests. Our country has been fortunate to have had Ms. Nancy DiCarlo’s dedication and contribution to our Nation’s de-fense for nearly four decades. I hope my colleagues in the Senate will join me in recognizing Ms. Nancy DiCarlo for her work and thanking all of the men and women of the Missile Defense Agency for their service to our Nation. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING DR. ALBERT H. OWENS, JR. ∑Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, this Thursday, the Sydney Kimmel Com-prehensive Cancer Center at Johns Hopkins is hosting an event that in-cludes a memorial cancer research symposium and a dinner in honor of the late Dr. Albert H. Owens, Jr., who died this past January at the age of 90. It is fitting to pay tribute to Al Owens, who served as president of the Johns Hopkins Hospital and was one of our Nation’s pioneering oncologists. Al Owens was born into a medical family. His father, Dr. Albert H. Owens, Sr., was a dentist; his mother, Grace Masters, was a head surgical nurse at Mount Sinai Hospital. He originally matriculated to Harvard University, but his college education was interrupted by his service as a medical officer in the Navy during the Korean war. He subsequently earned his bachelor’s and medical degrees from the Johns Hopkins University and the school of medicine, respectively. He joined the faculty in 1956. A year later, A. McGehee Harvey, who was head of the school of medicine’s depart-ment of medicine, established a cancer research and treatment division within the department. He asked Al to head the new division. There was a slight problem: The Johns Hopkins Hospital did not have available space. So Al moved inpatient, clinical, and research oncology activities to Baltimore City Hospitals, now Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center. He opened Johns Hop-kins’ first cancer chemotherapy unit at Baltimore City Hospitals in 1961, mak-ing it one of the first university-based centers of its kind nationwide. In 1973, Al was named the first director of the Johns Hopkins Oncology Center, which had won Federal designation as one of the Nation’s first comprehensive can-cer centers. In 1977, he moved the cen-ter from Baltimore City Hospitals back to the main campus, where it was housed in a brand new facility, named the Oncology Center. Over the next decade, the Johns Hopkins Oncology Center—now named the Johns Hopkins Kimmel Cancer Center—became one of the most prestigious cancer centers in the country. Al was named president of the Johns Hopkins Hospital in 1987, but he relin-quished the presidency after only 18 months so that he could devote all of his time to developing a new oncology center for the hospital, but during his brief tenure as president, he decreed that the hospital would become smoke- free. We take smoke-free buildings for granted now; 30 years ago, it was a rev-olutionary move. Thanks to Al’s tireless devotion, the Harry and Jeanette Weinberg Building was completed in January 2000, fol-lowed shortly thereafter by the open-ing of the Bunting Family and Jacob and Hilda Blaustein Family Cancer Re-search Building. In 2006, the David H. Koch Cancer Research Building opened. These two research buildings are con-nected by the Albert H. Owens Audito-rium, which was named in his honor. Al was a beloved teacher and mentor, as well as a superb doctor, researcher, and administrator. His enthusiasm about cancer research was limitless. He frequently would visit young faculty members—unannounced—asking them to describe the most exciting research project they were working on that day. Al is survived by his wife, Sally W. MacConnell; children Albert Henry Owens III, Elizabeth Ann Owens, David Tilden Owens, and Sarah Louise Owens; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.032 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3285 June 6, 2017 
and five grandchildren. The Baltimore Sun ran an obituary at the time of his death; I ask that it be printed in the R
ECORD following my remarks. There is an epitaph to Sir Chris-topher Wren, who is buried in St. Paul’s Cathedral in London, which he designed. The epitaph reads, ‘‘Si monumentum requiris, circumspice.’’ The English translation of the Latin is ‘‘if you seek his monument, look around.’’ This is a fitting epitaph for Dr. Albert H. Owens, Jr., too, but it is not just the buildings dedicated to can-cer research that you will see. Look around, and you will see people, prob-ably including members of your family and your friends, who are alive today because of Al’s unrelenting dedication to finding treatments and cures for cancer. They are his living monuments. I encourage my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to this wonderful and extraordinary man. The material follows: 
[From the Baltimore Sun, Jan. 26, 2017] A
LBERT H. O WENS JR., P IONEERING  O
NCOLOGIST AND FORMER HOPKINS HOSPITAL  P
RESIDENT , DIES Dr. Albert H. Owens Jr., a pioneering oncologist who helped establish new ways to fight cancer and was a former president of Johns Hopkins Hospital, died of congestive heart failure Jan. 13 at Hopkins. The Churchville resident was 90. Born on Staten Island, N.Y., he was the son of a dentist, Dr. Albert H. Owens Sr., and Grace Masters, a Mount Sinai Hospital head surgical nurse. He was a graduate of a high school in Port Richmond, N.Y. His studies at Harvard University were in-terrupted by his Navy service in Korea, and he earned bachelor’s and medical degrees from the Johns Hopkins University. He became a Hopkins researcher and worked in liver metabolism. Hopkins col-leagues said that in 1957, Dr. A. McGehee Harvey, who headed the Hopkins medical de-partment, created a cancer research and treatment division. Dr. Harvey asked Dr. Owens to head the new oncology division. ‘‘At first, they gave him a card table, a secretary and a PH meter,’’ said Dr. Donald S. Coffey, a colleague for many years who is a professor emeritus of urology, oncology and pathology. ‘‘Up to this time, there was no treatment for cancer other than surgery and radiation. Al went to work immediately and started drawing blood from his pa-tients.’’ The hospital did not have room for the new treatment service, and Dr. Owens saw his pa-tients and conducted research at the old Bal-timore City Hospitals, now Hopkins Bayview Medical Center. ‘‘He found a place in the backwater of the old buildings there and soon assembled a first-class team,’’ said Dr. Coffey. ‘‘His great genius was his ability to bring great sci-entists and clinicians together. He would also say, ‘We have to do everything right for this patient.’’’ He recalled Dr. Owens as a quiet listener who would talk about patients as though they were his own children. ‘‘Al Owens was one of the great figures in cancer. . . . He should receive a great deal of the credit for what cancer care and research have become today,’’ said Dr. William G. Nelson, Hopkins Kimmel Cancer Center di-rector. ‘‘He was a wonderfully thoughtful person and was not prone to hyperbole. He liked people who worked on cancer seriously. And like great leaders, he distributed the credit.’’ A Hopkins statement described Dr. Owens as ‘‘a slightly bashful, bow tie-wearing re-searcher and clinician.’’ In 1973, he became the first director of the Johns Hopkins On-cology Center. In 1977, he moved his work back to Hopkins’ East Baltimore campus and a new oncology center. Much expanded, the facility is now named the Sidney Kimmel Comprehensive Cancer Center. ‘‘Al was an exceptional leader who believed that the best way to foster science that would improve patient outcomes was to put basic scientists and clinicians into the same building so they would naturally bond as team members sharing projects, discoveries, frustrations and coffee on a daily basis,’’ Hopkins professor Dr. Stuart A. Grossman said in a statement. ‘‘He radiated interest and enthusiasm when it came to cancer re-search and frequently dropped unannounced into the offices of young faculty members, asking them to describe the most exciting research project they were working on that day.’’ Dr. Owens was named Johns Hopkins Hos-pital president in 1987 and held the post for 18 months. He then resumed his work fight-ing cancer, but not before he instituted a smoke-free policy throughout the hospital. An auditorium at the medical campus is named in his honor. ‘‘Dr. Owens was not only a superb oncologist and mentor, but a first-rate gen-tleman,’’ Dr. David Ettinger, Hopkins pro-fessor of oncology, said in a statement. Dr. Owens was a past president of the Maryland division of the American Cancer Society, the Association of American Cancer Institutes and the American Society of Clin-ical Oncology. Dr. Owens resided at Medical Hall, a his-toric Churchville home, where he cultivated bee colonies. Plans for a memorial service at Johns Hop-kins Hospital are pending. Survivors include his wife of 20 years, Sally W. MacConnell, a Johns Hopkins ad-ministrator; two sons, Albert Henry Owens III of Washington, N.J., and David Tilden Owens of Minneapolis; two daughters, Eliza-beth Ann Owens of Baltimore and Sarah Louise Owens of England; and five grand-children.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO MAJOR GENERAL H. MICHAEL EDWARDS ∑Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, today I wish to recognize and commend MG H. Michael Edwards, who retired on March 31, 2017, after 43 years of ex-ceptional leadership and service to our country, including 36 years in the Colo-rado Air National Guard. For almost a decade in the position of the Adjutant General for Colorado, General Edwards was responsible for the command ad-ministration of over 5,300 Army and Air National Guard members. He also served as the Executive Director of the Department of Military & Veterans Af-fairs and was a member of the Gov-ernor’s cabinet. He had responsibility for the Colorado National Guard’s pri-mary missions of national defense and State emergency response. In addition, he was responsible for supporting the missions of the Civil Air Patrol’s Colo-rado wing. General Edwards received his com-mission in 1973, after graduating from the U.S. Air Force Academy, and earned his pilot wings in 1974 at Reese Air Force Base, TX. He served as an F–4 pilot and AT–38 fighter lead-in instructor pilot at Osan Air Base, Korea, and Holloman Air Force Base, NM, respectively. General Edwards joined the Colorado Air National Guard in August 1980. He has served in numerous assignments in flying and operations, as well as com-mand positions at squadron, group, and wing levels—culminating as the Adju-tant General for Colorado. During his tenure as Adjutant General, more than 6,000 Colorado National Guard citizen- soldiers and citizen-airmen have mobi-lized in support of overseas contin-gency operations. He also oversaw the Colorado Na-tional Guard’s record-setting response to some of the worst natural disasters impacting Colorado, including the High Park Fire and the Waldo Canyon Fire during 2012, followed by the Black For-est Fire and historic flooding along the Colorado Front Range in 2013. Furthermore, General Edwards was instrumental in bringing a new Na-tional Guard cyber protection team to Colorado, bolstering the state’s cyber defenses. He also diversified the Colo-rado National Guard through the ap-pointment of its first female general officer. Over a period of 10 years, General Edwards significantly grew the Colo-rado National Guard’s enduring rela-tionships with the Republic of Slovenia and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan under the National Guard State Part-nership Program. These military-to- military exchanges have supported combatant command security coopera-tion objectives, promoted regional sta-bility, and increased partner capacity and interoperability. General Edwards has also overseen the missions of the Civil Air Patrol’s Colorado wing, consisting of more than 1,600 volunteers. Under his leadership, the Civil Air Patrol took on a bigger role in State response, flying fire watch and conducting flood damage surveys. Colorado’s Civil Air Patrol was first to fly support of the U.S. Army’s on-base unmanned aerial sys-tems operations. General Edwards has flown over 4,600 mishap-free flight hours in a variety of aircraft to include the AT–38, A–7, C–21, F–4, F–16, T–37, and T–38. Of note, he has achieved the distinction of the Wing’s Top Gun award on five separate occasions in his decorated flying ca-reer. Major Edwards has received nu-merous military decorations, including two Legion of Merit awards and three Meritorious Service medal awards, along with many others from the State of Colorado. General Edwards’ operational experi-ence, charismatic leadership, and unyielding patriotism have served him well in a lifetime of military service, both in the Colorado Air National Guard and abroad. Today we honor his distinguished service to our Nation as one of the most accomplished Adjutant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.034 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3286 June 6, 2017 
Generals in Colorado history. We offer our heartfelt appreciation to his family for their countless sacrifices and self-less support to our country spanning over four decades. On behalf of the Senate and a grate-ful nation, I congratulate MG H. Mi-chael Edwards on a job well done and wish him the very best as he begins a hard-earned retirement in the great State of Colorado.∑ 
f 
18TH NORTHERN HONOR FLIGHT ∑Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, today I wish to honor the veterans of the Northern Colorado Honor Flight and the organization’s 18th trip to Washington, DC. More than 120 vet-erans from various wars and genera-tions participated in this flight. The Northern Colorado Honor Flight recognizes and celebrates the bravery, fortitude, and selflessness of our Na-tion’s veterans. Twice a year, veterans are able to travel to Washington, DC, and visit the war memorials that stand in their honor, free of charge. We are eternally indebted to those who have served in our Armed Forces and have protected the United States. These vet-erans have preserved our rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Few words are sufficient to show the gratitude and respect we all have for the courageous men and women who have fought for our country. Of the 123 veterans who participated in the most recent honor flight, 11 served in WWII, 24 served in the Korean war, and 88 served in the Vietnam war. Please join me in honoring Cecil Car-lisle, Richard Crum, Edgar Darrow, Charles Davis, Eugene Doering, Muriel Elijah, Armand Hansen, Nathan Stiewig, William Thousand, Willard Williams, Richard Zisch, Richard Anema, John Baker, Edwin Boggle, Robert Brethauer, George Browning, Ralph Crockett, Gary Crouch, Marvin Elwood, John Fickes, Harold Hogness, LaVern Hueske, Harry Kembel, Neville Kempkes, Harold Krug, Louis Lambdin, Robert Lebsack, Arthur Meyer, LeRoy Odell, Loren Postlewait, Frank Ship-man, Wayne Sodman, Irvin Troudt, Wayne Wallis, Lois Wolfsong, Jose Abeyta, Tony Abeyta, Timothy Ahern, Daniel Alires, Nelson Bachus, James Barnett, John Barslund, Stephen Bartels, Les Bates, Bernard Bay, David Beard, David Becker, Gary Becker, Mark Becker, Stephen Bernardo, How-ard Bostrom, William Bradford, Darrell Brasier, Robert Brevig, Timothy Camps, Thomas Chagolla, Eric Christensen, Marvin Clark, Norris Clark, Richard Conley, David Cowan, Wesley Craig, Lorraine Davison, Gary Dorsey, Christopher Erickson, Stanley Fisher, Jerome Folse, Patricia Folse, Douglas Frost, Aurthur Gallegos, Theodore Gilbert, Leroy Gonzales, Raymond Gonzales, Albert Guse, Low-ell Hill, Richard Istas, Timothy Jachowski, Joseph Kolicko, Jr., Robert Krasznai, James Kuehl, Gary LaCrosse, Patrick Lennon, Gary Littlefield, Rob-ert Loos, Malcom Macaulay, Robert Maciel, Ronald Martinez, Jonathan Mason, Douglas Mayeda, Joseph McKeon, Lee McCain, Donald McKin-ley, Michael McPheron, Lawrence Mon-toya, Tobias Morales, Marjorie Morningstar, Warren Morrow, John Niehoff, Everett Noble, Jr., Jeffrey Nuce, Danny Oppie, Robert Ortega, William Pierson, William Post, Jr., An-thony Quintana, Jimmy Rahm, Ru-dolph Ramirez, Constantino Ramos, Ronald Ray, Abel Razo, James Rose, Stephen Ryan, William Sheahan, Jimmie Shipp, William Springsteel, John Swens, Rolland Trauernicht, Vernon Turner, Daniel Valdez, Dwight Van Beber, William Weaver, Warren Wienke, and Richard Wyatt.∑ 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE WELD COUNTY COURTHOUSE ∑Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, today I wish to recognize the 100th an-niversary of the Weld County Court-house in Greeley, CO. On July 4, 1917, the Weld County Courthouse opened for business after a mere 28 months of con-struction. Denver architect William N. Bowman designed the classical revival- style courthouse, and its original courtrooms remain intact. This anni-versary recognizes the rich history in northern Colorado and is a reminder of Colorado’s unique past. Greeley, CO is named after Horace Greeley, one of the first journalists to document his experience in the Wild West. Horace came to Colorado during the Pikes Peak Gold Rush of 1859 and encouraged his fellow Americans to ‘‘Go West, young man, and grow up in this country.’’ Horace’s words helped put Greeley on the map and ultimately established the city as an important part of American history. Soon after Horace explored northern Colorado, the Colorado Legislature recognized Weld County as one of the first 17 counties in the Colorado territory. The Weld County Courthouse was one of the first buildings constructed in Greeley. The first courthouse, built in 1861, served as a meeting place for court proceedings and business mat-ters. During this period, the court-house was only a one-room log cabin located near Platteville, CO. The courthouse moved locations four times before the final courthouse opened for business in 1917. I would like to congratulate the citi-zens of Weld County on this milestone, and I look forward to the future accom-plishments of the entire Weld County community.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING JERRY PERENCHIO ∑Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, it is with deep sadness that I come to the floor to pay tribute to my friend and great supporter, Jerry Perenchio. Along with my wife, Cindy, I offer my sincerest condolences to Margie and Jerry’s three children, five grand-children, and three great-grandchildren as they mourn the loss of a man whose brilliant talent and business success were only surpassed by his humility and generosity. Jerry’s incredible life and career epitomize the American dream. The grandson of Italian immigrants, Jerry spent time at military school before graduating from UCLA and joining the U.S. Air Force as a fighter pilot. Jerry pursued his goal of working in show business by taking a job in the mail-room at a talent agency. Before long, he was promoted to talent agent and later launched his own agency, rep-resenting Hollywood stars including Marlon Brando, Andy Williams, and Ronald Reagan. He would go on to partner with Norman Lear and Bud Yorkin and produce some of the most iconic television shows in history, in-cluding ‘‘All in the Family,’’ ‘‘Good Times’’ and ‘‘The Jeffersons,’’ and fi-nanced celebrated films such as ‘‘Driv-ing Miss Daisy,’’ which won the Oscar for best picture in 1989. Jerry also played a major role in pro-moting some of history’s most iconic sports matchups. In 1971, Jerry agreed to promote the heavyweight world championship ‘‘fight of the century’’ between Muhammed Ali and Joe Frazier at New York’s Madison Square Garden. Jerry sold the broadcast rights to the fight, which was shown on closed-circuit TV. He guaranteed a $5 million purse for the matchup, built a crowd of celebrities including Frank Sinatra and Burt Lancaster, and gen-erated $2 million in profits. He would go on to promote the legendary ‘‘Battle of the Sexes’’ tennis match between Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs at the Houston Astrodome that attracted a crowd of nearly 30,000 people, as well as an additional 30 million viewers who watched the match on TV. Jerry is perhaps best known for building Univision into the media pow-erhouse it is today. He bought the then-struggling network in 1992 and, in just 4 years, led Univision to an initial public offering. Under his leadership, Univision cultivated a loyal audience among Hispanic Americans who had been previously underrepresented in the mainstream media. Colleagues of Jerry at Univision have spoken of his deep respect and compassion for the Hispanic community in the United States and his visionary foresight into the important role they play in culture and politics. While Jerry had much personal suc-cess to celebrate, he carried himself with humility, generosity, and integ-rity. Despite working in show business, Jerry preferred a more reclusive life and encouraged his subordinates to work hard and avoid the press. ‘‘Stay out of the spotlight,’’ Jerry would say. ‘‘It fades your suit.’’ He gave to count-less causes and charities, many anony-mously, including the Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center and Walt Disney Concert Hall. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.038 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3287 June 6, 2017 
I was privileged to work closely with Jerry in 2008 when he served as na-tional finance cochair of my Presi-dential campaign. I will always appre-ciate Jerry and Margie’s generosity and support during that effort and value the strong friendship we forged in the years since. Jerry Perenchio will be missed by his family and friends, but his remarkable impact on the entertainment industry and his immense patriotism and gen-erosity will be long remembered by his country. I am honored to have known him and to call him my friend. Thank you.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1666. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘OMB Se-questration Preview Report to the President and Congress for Fiscal Year 2018’’; to the Special Committee on Aging; Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry; Appropriations; Armed Services; Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; the Budget; Commerce, Science, and Transportation; Energy and Natural Resources; Environment and Public Works; Select Committee on Ethics; Fi-nance; Foreign Relations; Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions; Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs; Indian Affairs; Select Committee on Intelligence; the Judiciary; Rules and Administration; Small Business and Entrepreneurship; and Veterans’ Affairs. EC–1667. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘OMB Final Sequestration Report to the President and Congress for Fiscal Year 2017’’; to the Special Committee on Aging; Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry; Appropriations; Armed Services; Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; the Budget; Commerce, Science, and Transportation; Energy and Natural Resources; Environment and Public Works; Select Committee on Ethics; Fi-nance; Foreign Relations; Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs; Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions; Indian Affairs; Select Committee on Intelligence; the Judi-ciary; Rules and Administration; Small Busi-ness and Entrepreneurship; and Veterans’ Af-fairs. EC–1668. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the Specialty Crops Pro-gram, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Tomatoes Grown in Florida; Increased As-sessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–16– 0088) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 31, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–1669. A communication from the Ad-ministrator of the Fruit and Vegetable Pro-grams, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘National Organic Program (NOP); Organic Livestock and Poultry Practices’’ (Docket No. AMS–NOP–15–0012) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 31, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–1670. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the Specialty Crops Pro-gram, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Sweet Onions Grown in the Walla Walla Valley of Southeast Washington and North-east Oregon; Decreased Assessment Rate’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–16–0116) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 31, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–1671. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Ad-ministration’s proposed fiscal year 2018 Budget and Performance Plan; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–1672. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Asian Longhorned Beetle: Update List of Regulated Articles’’ (Docket No. APHIS–2015–0097) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–1673. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Record-keeping’’ (RIN3038–AE36) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 2, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–1674. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Isopyrazam; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9960–76) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–1675. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Flazasulfuron; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9961–54) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–1676. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fenazaquin; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9961–99) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–1677. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary of Defense (Legislative Affairs), transmitting proposed legislation entitled ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–1678. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting the report of three (3) officers authorized to wear the in-signia of the grade of major general in ac-cordance with title 10, United States Code, section 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–1679. A joint communication from the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, transmitting a re-quest relative to issuing a travel restriction on senior officials’ travel to Iraq and Kuwait for the period of June 1, 2017 through Sep-tember 30, 2017; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–1680. A communication from the Senior Official performing the duties of Under Sec-retary of Defense (Acquisition, Technology and Logistics), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the specific amounts of staff years of technical effort to be allo-cated for each defense Federally Funded Re-search and Development Center during fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–1681. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Frederick B. Hodges, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–1682. A communication from the Dep-uty Director of the Office of Senate Security, transmitting a report relative to a report on the status of United States Strategic Com-mand’s request for forces to meet security requirements for land-based nuclear forces (OSS–2017–0532); to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–1683. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Mi-chael T. Franken, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–1684. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Ronald L. Bailey, United States Marine Corps, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–1685. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Larry D. Wyche, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieuten-ant general on the retired list; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–1686. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Jon M. Davis, United States Marine Corps, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–1687. A joint communication from the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, transmitting a re-quest relative to issuing a travel restriction on senior officials’ travel to Afghanistan for the period of June 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–1688. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency that was declared in Executive Order 13405 of June 16, 2006, with respect to Belarus; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G06JN6.035 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3288 June 6, 2017 
EC–1689. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (New Haven County, CT, et al.)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2017– 0002)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 31, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1690. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction that was origi-nally declared in Executive Order 12938 of November 14, 1994; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1691. A communication from the Chief Counsel, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Suspension of Community Eligibility (Erie County, PA, et al.)’’ ((44 CFR Part 64) (Docket No. FEMA–2017–0002)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 2, 2017; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1692. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Home Loan Bank Membership for Non-Federally-Insured Credit Unions’’ (RIN2590–AA85) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1693. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the situation in or in relation to the Democratic Republic of the Congo that was declared in Executive Order 13413 of October 27, 2006; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1694. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary for Export Adminis-tration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revision to an Entry on the Entity List’’ (RIN0694–AH36) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–1695. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Management and Budget, Exec-utive Office of the President, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘OMB Re-port to the Congress on the Joint Committee Reductions for Fiscal Year 2018’’; to the Committees on the Budget; and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1696. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Delaware; Update to Materials Incorporated by Ref-erence’’ (FRL No. 9961–26–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–1697. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Washington; Gen-eral Regulations for Air Pollution Sources, Energy Facility Site Evaluation Council’’ (FRL No. 9963–12–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1698. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Virginia; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference’’ (FRL No. 9957–86–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1699. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Pennsylvania; Up-date to Materials Incorporated by Ref-erence’’ (FRL No. 9959–23–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–1700. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Maryland; Update to Materials Incorporated by Reference’’ (FRL No. 9959–24–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1701. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Indiana; Redesig-nation of the Muncie Area to Attainment of the 2008 Lead Standard’’ (FRL No. 9962–70– Region 5) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 25, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1702. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval and Air Quality Designation; GA; Redesignation of the At-lanta, Georgia 2008 8-Hour Ozone Nonattain-ment Area to Attainment’’ (FRL No. 9962–27– Region 4) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 25, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1703. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Determination to Defer Sanctions; Arizona Department of Environmental Qual-ity’’ (FRL No. 9963–07–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–1704. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Determination of Attainment and Approval of Base Year Emissions Inventories for the Imperial County, California Fine Par-ticulate Matter Nonattainment Area; Cor-rection’’ (FRL No. 9962–82–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–1705. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Plans (Negative Declarations) for Designated Facilities and Pollutants: Connecticut, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, and Vermont; Re-visions to State Plan for Designated Facili-ties and Pollutants: New Hampshire’’ (FRL No. 9962–41–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–1706. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsyl-vania; Revisions to Allegheny County Health Department Rules’’ (FRL No. 9962–77–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1707. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Control of Nitrogen Oxide Emissions from Coal-Fired Electric Generating Units’’ (FRL No. 9962–73–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–1708. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Michigan; Redes-ignation of the Belding Area in Ionia County to Attainment of the 2008 Lead Standard’’ (FRL No. 9962–72–Region 5) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1709. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘South Carolina: Air Emissions Re-porting’’ (FRL No. 9962–30–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–1710. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Ohio; Redesigna-tion of the Cleveland Area to Attainment of the 2008 Lead Standard’’ (FRL No. 9963–01– Region 5) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1711. A communication from the Sec-retary of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, notice to utilize other than a full and open competition to retain specialized legal services for a proceeding at the Nuclear Reg-ulatory Commission; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1712. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Under Secretary, Department of the Treas-ury, received during adjournment of the Sen-ate in the Office of the President of the Sen-ate on May 31, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–1713. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a vacancy in the position of Assist-ant Secretary of the Treasury, Department of the Treasury, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 31, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1714. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary for Employment and Training, Department of Labor, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Federal State Unemployment Com-pensation Program; Middle Class Tax Relief 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.010 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3289 June 6, 2017 
and Job Creation Act of 2012 Provision on Es-tablishing Appropriate Occupations for Drug Testing of Unemployment Compensation Ap-plicants’’ (RIN1205–AB63) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1715. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Computation of Annual Liability Insurance (Including Self-Insurance), No-Fault Insur-ance, and Workers’ Compensation Settle-ment Recovery Threshold’’; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–1716. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Medicare-Medicaid Coordination Office Fis-cal Year 2016 Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1717. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the extension of waiver au-thority for Belarus; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–1718. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Medicare National Coverage Determina-tions for Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1719. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Credit for Renew-able Electricity Production and Refined Coal Production, and Publication of Inflation Ad-justment Factor and Reference Prices for Calendar Year 2017’’ (Notice 2017–33) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1720. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Credit for Carbon Dioxide Sequestration; 2017 Section 45Q In-flation Adjustment Factor’’ (Notice 2017–32) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–1721. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2017–0092—2017–0099); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–1722. A communication from the Dep-uty Director of the Office of Senate Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report rel-ative to a report regarding the designation of a Foreign Terrorist Organization (OSS–2017– 0529); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–1723. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Food and Drug Adminis-tration’s (FDA) annual report on Drug Shortages for Calendar Year 2016; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1724. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, National Endowment for the Humanities, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Chairperson, National Endowment for Hu-manities, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 30, 2017; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1725. A communication from the Board Members of the Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s Congressional Justification of Budget Esti-mates Report for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1726. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Termi-nated Single-Employer Plans; Interest As-sumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1727. A communication from the Acting Deputy Secretary, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1728. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Semi-Annual Report of the Inspector General for the period from Octo-ber 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017 and the Semi-Annual Report of the Treasury Inspec-tor General for Tax Administration (TIGTA); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1729. A communication from the Dep-uty Secretary of Defense, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the Department of Defense Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1730. A communication from the Direc-tor, Office of Government Ethics, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Office’s Congres-sional Budget Justification, Annual Per-formance Plan, and Annual Performance Re-port for fiscal year 2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1731. A communication from the In-spector General of the Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the In-spector General’s Congressional Budget Jus-tification for fiscal year 2018; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–1732. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Education’s Semi-annual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1733. A communication from the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1734. A communication from the Direc-tor of External Affairs, Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Designation of Beneficiary’’ (5 CFR Part 1651) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–1735. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Federal Retirement Thrift In-vestment Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Freedom of Information Act Regulations’’ (5 CFR Part 1631) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 25, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–1736. A joint communication from the Chairman and the General Counsel, National Labor Relations Board, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Office of Inspector General Semiannual Report for the period of October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–1737. A communication from the Chair-man of the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Annual Performance Report for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1738. A communication from the Chair-man of the United States International Trade Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Annual Perform-ance Report for fiscal year 2016 and Annual Performance Plan for fiscal year 2017–2018; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1739. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Administrator, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1740. A communication from the Ad-ministrator, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report from the Office of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1741. A communication from the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department of Veterans Affairs’ Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1742. A communication from the Chief Executive Officer, Millennium Challenge Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) for the Office of Inspector General’s Semiannual Re-port for the period of October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017, and the Millennium Challenge Corporation’s response; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1743. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the General Services Ad-ministration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector Gen-eral for the period from October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2011; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1744. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Semiannual Report of the In-spector General for the period from October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. EC–1745. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–67, ‘‘Electric Company Infra-structure Improvement Financing Amend-ment Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1746. A communication from the Chair-man, U.S. Election Assistance Commission, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.012 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3290 June 6, 2017 
transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1747. A communication from the Chair-man, U.S. Election Assistance Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commis-sion’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1748. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–54, ‘‘Defending Access to Women’s Health Care Services Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1749. A communication from the Board Members of the Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semi-annual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1750. A communication from the Vice Chairman, Merit Systems Protection Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report enti-tled ‘‘U.S. Merit Systems Protection Board Annual Performance Report for FY 2016 and Annual Performance Plan for FY 2017 (Final) and FY 2018 (Proposed)’’ ; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1751. A communication from the Acting Chief Executive Officer, Corporation for Na-tional and Community Service, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Re-port of the Inspector General and the Cor-poration for National and Community Serv-ice’s Response and Report on Final Action for the period from October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017; to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1752. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Under Secretary for Management, Department of Homeland Security, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1753. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic; 2016–2017 Commercial Accountability Meas-ure and Closure for King Mackerel in West-ern Zone of the Gulf of Mexico’’ (RIN0648– XF414) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1754. A communication from the Coun-sel for Regulatory and Legislative Affairs, Patent and Trademark Office, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘July 2017 Revi-sion of Patent Cooperation Treaty Proce-dures’’ (RIN0651–AD14) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–1755. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of General Counsel, Department of Transportation, received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1756. A communication from the Regu-latory Ombudsman, Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Federal Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustment of 2015’’ (RIN2126–AB93) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1757. A communication from the Assist-ant Chief Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Ad-ministration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pipeline Safety: Safety of Underground Natural Gas Storage Facili-ties’’ (RIN2137–AF22) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1758. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (98); Amdt. No. 3743’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1759. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (48); Amdt. No. 3745’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1760. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (51); Amdt. No. 3746’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1761. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (1); Amdt. No. 3744’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1762. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘MU–2B Se-ries Airplane Training Requirements Update; Correction’’ ((RIN2120–AK63) (Docket No. FAA–2006–24981)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1763. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revoca-tion of Class E Airspace and Establishment of Class E Airspace; Ruston, LA’’ ((RIN2120– AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9151)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1764. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace for the Haskell, TX’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016– 9494)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1765. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Hailey, ID’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9355)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1766. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9303)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1767. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9569)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1768. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9570)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1769. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9434)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1770. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.015 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3291 June 6, 2017 
2016–9394)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1771. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9433)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1772. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9439)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1773. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–7426)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1774. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Textron Aviation Inc. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0450)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1775. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; ATR–GIE Avions de Trans-port Regional Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9430)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1776. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–0165)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1777. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–6651)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1778. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters Deutsch-land GmbH Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–6436)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1779. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; 2017 Recreational Accountability Measures and Closure for Gulf of Mexico Greater Amberjack’’ (RIN0648–XF166) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1780. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; 2017 Recreational Fishing Seasons for Red Snapper in the Gulf of Mex-ico’’ (RIN0648–XF369) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1781. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Coastal Migratory Pe-lagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic; Commercial Trip Limit Re-duction for Spanish Mackerel’’ (RIN0648– XF179) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1782. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Snapper-Grouper Re-sources of the South Atlantic; Commercial Trip Limit Reduction’’ (RIN0648–XF290) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1783. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regu-latory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Gulf of Alaska; Final 2017 and 2018 Harvest Specifications for Ground-fish’’ (RIN0648–XE904) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1784. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regu-latory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Coastal Migra-tory Pelagic Resources in the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Region; Amendment 26’’ (RIN0648–BG03) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1785. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regu-latory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Amendments to the Reef Fish, Spiny Lobster, and Corals and Reef Associated Plants and Invertebrates Fishery Manage-ment Plans of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Vir-gin Islands’’ (RIN0648–BG29) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1786. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regu-latory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries Off West Coast States; West Coast Salmon Fisheries; 2017 Management Measures and a Temporary Rule’’ (RIN0648– BG59) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1787. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regu-latory Programs, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Ad-justment of Georges Bank and Southern New England/Mid-Atlantic Yellowtail Flounder Annual Catch Limits’’ (RIN0648–XF219) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1788. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Pacific Halibut Fish-eries; Catch Sharing Plan’’ (RIN0648–BG58) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1789. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘International Fish-eries; Pacific Tuna Fisheries; Fishing Re-strictions for Tropical Tuna in the Eastern Pacific Ocean’’ (RIN0648–BG67) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1790. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; Annual Specifications and Management Measures for the 2017 Tribal and Non-Tribal Fisheries for Pacific Whiting’’ (RIN0648– BG47) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1791. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Groundfish Fish-ery; Amendment 18’’ (RIN0648–BF26) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1792. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Car-ibbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.017 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3292 June 6, 2017 
Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; Yellowtail Snapper Management Measures’’ (RIN0648–BG06) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1793. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Snapper-Grouper Fishery Off the Southern Atlantic States; Regulatory Amendment 16; Technical Amendment’’ (RIN0648–BD78) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1794. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Several Groundfish Species in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Manage-ment Area’’ (RIN0648–XF064) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1795. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, Department of Com-merce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Mi-gratory Species; Atlantic Shark Manage-ment Measures; Final Amendment 5b’’ (RIN0648–BD22) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 31, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1796. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Deep-Water Species Fishery Using Trawl Gear in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF418) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1797. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; 2017 Sec-tor Quota Transfer Adjustment’’ (RIN0648– XF247) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1798. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 610 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF418) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1799. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 610 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF310) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1800. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher Ves-sels Using Trawl Gear in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF248) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1801. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Pacific Cod by Catcher/Processors Using Hook-and-Line Gear in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF325) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1802. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries’’ (RIN0648– XF346) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1803. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Commer-cial Accountability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Golden Tilefish Longline Component’’ (RIN0648–XF382) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1804. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Pos-session and Trip Limit Implementation for the Common Pool Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XF377) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1805. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Commer-cial Accountability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Vermillion Snapper’’ (RIN0648–XF424) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1806. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Commercial Blacktip Sharks, Aggregated Large Coastal Sharks, and Hammerhead Sharks in the Western Gulf of Mexico Sub- Region; Closure’’ (RIN0648–XF211) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1807. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Deep-Water Species Fishery by Vessels Using Trawl Gear in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF368) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1808. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2017–2018 Biennial Specifications and Management Measures; Inseason Adjustments’’ (RIN0648–BG76) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1809. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Trawl Catch-er Vessels in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF273) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1810. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Commercial Aggregated Large Coastal Shark and Hammerhead Shark Management Groups Retention Limit Adjustment’’ (RIN0648–XF347) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1811. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery; 2017 Closure of the Northern Gulf of Main Scallop Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF312) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1812. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher/ Processors Using Trawl Gear in the Western Regulatory Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF268) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1813. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher Ves-sels Using Trawl Gear in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF334) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1814. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Vessels Using Pot Gear in the Central Regulatory 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.019 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3293 June 6, 2017 
Area of the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF244) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1815. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pollock in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands’’ (RIN0648–XF229) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1816. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Sablefish Managed Under the Individual Fishing Quota Program’’ (RIN0648–XF270) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1817. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 610 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF224) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1818. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Coastal Migra-tory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Region; 2017 Commercial Run- Around Gillnet Closure’’ (RIN0648–XF151) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1819. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 610 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF206) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1820. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 610 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF287) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1821. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Rec-reational Accountability Measures and Clo-sure for Atlantic Migratory Group Cobia’’ (RIN0648–XF106) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 24, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1822. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2017 Commer-cial Accountability Measure and Closure for Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources of the Gulf of Mexico and South Atlantic’’ (RIN0648–XF218) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1823. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 620 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF253) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 31, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1824. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Reallocation of Pollock in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands’’ (RIN0648–XF262) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1825. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Skate Complex; Adjust-ment to the Skate Wing and skate Bait Inseason Possession Limits’’ (RIN0648–XF146) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 1, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1826. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2017 Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Pollock, Atka Mackerel, and Pacific Cod Total Allow-able Catch Amounts’’ (RIN0648–XF108) re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1827. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Pot Catcher/Proc-essors in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF189) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1828. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Atlantic Bluefin Tuna Fisheries; General Category Fishery’’ (RIN0648–XF284) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1829. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 630 in the Gulf of Alaska’’ (RIN0648–XF200) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1830. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fish-eries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2016 Tribal Fishery Allo-cations for Pacific Whiting; Reapportion-ment Between Tribal and Non-Tribal Sec-tors’’ (RIN0648–XF230) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1831. A communication from the Pro-gram Analyst, Office of Managing Director, Federal Communications Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amendment of Part 1 of the Com-mission’s Rules’’ ((MD Docket No. 17–123) (FCC 17–53)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 23, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1832. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Wireline Competition Bureau, Fed-eral Communications Commission, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Business Data Services in an Internet Protocol Environment; Technology Transi-tions; Special Access for Price Cap Local Ex-change Carriers; AT and T Corporation Peti-tion for Rulemaking to Reform Regulation of Incumbent Local Exchange Carrier Rates for Interstate Special Access Services’’ ((WC Docket No. 16–143; GN Docket. No. 13–5; WC Docket No. 05–25; and RM–10593) (FCC 17–43)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 23, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1833. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Regulated Navigation Area; East River, Brooklyn, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0434)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 30, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1834. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulations and Safety Zones; An-nually recurring Events in Coast Guard Southeastern New England Captain of the Port Zone’’ ((RIN1625–AA08; RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2016–1022)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 30, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1835. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Buffalo Carnival; Buffalo Outer Harbor, Buffalo, NY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0408)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 30, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1836. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River, St. Louis, MO’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0312)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 30, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1837. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.021 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3294 June 6, 2017 
of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Lower Niagara River at Niag-ara Falls, New York’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Dock-et No. USCG–2015–0492)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 30, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1838. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; United Illuminating Company Housatonic River Crossing Project; Housatonic River; Milford and Stratford, CT’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG– 2016–0825)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 30, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1839. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Tennessee River 323.0–325.0, Huntsville, AL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0336)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 30, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1840. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Tall Ships Charleston, Cooper River, Charleston, SC’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0121)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 30, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1841. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River, St. Louis, MO’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0319)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 30, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1842. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Main Branch of the Chicago River, Chicago, IL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0196)) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 30, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1843. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation, Temporary Anchor-ages and Safety Zones: Sail Boston 2017; Port of Boston, MA’’ ((RIN1625–AA08; RIN1625– AA01; and RIN1625–AA87) (Docket No. USCG– 2016–0949)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 30, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1844. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Breakers to Bridge Paddle Festival, Lake Superior, Keweenaw Waterway, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0170)) received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on May 30, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1845. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Stuart, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0167)) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 30, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1846. A communication from the Spe-cial Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the April 2017 Quar-terly Report to Congress of the Special In-spector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–1847. A communication from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legis-lative Affairs, Department of Justice, trans-mitting proposed legislation relative to cross-border electronic data for law enforce-ment; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. THUNE, from the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute: S. 134. A bill to expand the prohibition on misleading or inaccurate caller identifica-tion information, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–91). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with amendments: S. 1221. A bill to counter the influence of the Russian Federation in Europe and Eur-asia, and for other purposes. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI for the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. *David Bernhardt, of Virginia, to be Dep-uty Secretary of the Interior. *Neil Chatterjee, of Kentucky, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for the term expiring June 30, 2021. *Robert F. Powelson, of Pennsylvania, to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission for the term expiring June 30, 2020. *Dan R. Brouillette, of Texas, to be Dep-uty Secretary of Energy. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. NELSON (for himself, Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. P ORTMAN , Ms. B
ALDWIN , and Mr. H ELLER ): S. 1291. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to establish rules for payment for graduate medical education (GME) costs for hospitals that establish a new medical residency training program after hosting resident rotators for short du-rations; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mrs. GILLIBRAND ): S. 1292. A bill to amend the State Depart-ment Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to mon-itor and combat anti-Semitism globally, and for other purposes; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS ): S. 1293. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to enhance the research credit for domestic manufacturers; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ): S. 1294. A bill to expand opportunity for Native American children through addi-tional options in education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Af-fairs. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Mr. H
ATCH , Mr. C
ASSIDY , and Ms. H ASSAN ): S. 1295. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to provide students with disabilities and their families with access to critical information needed to select the right college and succeed once enrolled; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself, Mr. H
ELLER , and Mrs. E RNST ): S. 1296. A bill to amend the Uniform Code of Military Justice to prohibit the wrongful broadcast or distribution of intimate visual images; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. By Mr. COTTON (for himself, Mr. B
URR, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R UBIO, Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mr. B LUNT , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. M CCAIN, Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. T HUNE , and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S. 1297. A bill to make title VII of the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 permanent, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S.J. Res. 44. A joint resolution condemning the deadly attack on May 26, 2017, in Port-land, Oregon, expressing deepest condolences to the families and friends of the victims, and supporting efforts to overcome hatred, bigotry, and violence; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 109 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 109, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services. 
S. 130 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the names of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) and the Senator from Con-necticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 130, a bill to require enforcement against misbranded milk alternatives. 
S. 198 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 198, a bill to require con-tinued and enhanced annual reporting to Congress in the Annual Report on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.023 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3295 June 6, 2017 
International Religious Freedom on anti-Semitic incidents in Europe, the safety and security of European Jewish communities, and the efforts of the United States to partner with Euro-pean governments, the European Union, and civil society groups, to combat anti-Semitism, and for other purposes. 
S. 243 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 243, a bill to provide for a perma-nent extension of the enforcement in-struction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hos-pitals. 
S. 253 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 253, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to re-peal the Medicare outpatient rehabili-tation therapy caps. 
S. 329 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 329, a bill to place restrictions on the use of solitary confinement for juveniles in Federal custody. 
S. 431 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ), the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ), and the Sen-ator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 431, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand the use of tele-health for individuals with stroke. 
S. 445 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) were added as cosponsors of S. 445, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely access to home health services for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 523 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 523, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to estab-lish a stewardship fee on the produc-tion and importation of opioid pain re-lievers, and for other purposes. 
S. 654 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. WARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 654, a bill to revise sec-tion 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the benefits and services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs to women veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 697 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 697, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to lower the mile-age threshold for deduction in deter-mining adjusted gross income of cer-tain expenses of members of reserve components of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes. 
S. 720 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 720, a bill to amend the Export Administration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boy-cotts fostered by international govern-mental organizations against Israel and to direct the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 722 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ), the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) and the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) were added as cosponsors of S. 722, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of inter-national terrorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes. 
S. 782 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Okla-homa (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) were added as cosponsors of S. 782, a bill to reauthor-ize the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 798 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 798, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to expand the Yellow Ribbon G.I. Education Enhance-ment Program to apply to individuals pursuing programs of education while on active duty, to recipients of the Ma-rine Gunnery Sergeant John David Fry scholarship, and to programs of edu-cation pursued on half-time basis or less, and for other purposes. 
S. 801 
At the request of Mr. L EE, the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OB-ERTS ) and the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. E
NZI) were added as cosponsors of S. 801, a bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide com-pensatory time for employees in the private sector. 
S. 811 
At the request of Mr. E NZI, the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 811, a bill to ensure that organizations with religious or moral convictions are al-lowed to continue to provide services for children. 
S. 926 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 926, a bill to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foundation to establish the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial as a commemora-tive work in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes. 
S. 1014 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) and the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1014, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make grants to eligible organizations to provide service dogs to veterans with severe post-traumatic stress dis-order, and for other purposes. 
S. 1028 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1028, a bill to provide for the establishment and maintenance of a National Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1093 
At the request of Mr. F RANKEN , the names of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) and the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1093, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve pediatric medical de-vice application procedures. 
S. 1094 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ), the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ), the Senator from Iowa (Mr. G
RASSLEY ), the Senator from North Dakota (Mr. H
OEVEN ), the Sen-ator from South Dakota (Mr. T
HUNE ) and the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OB-
ERTS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1094, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the account-ability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses. At the request of Mr. T
OOMEY , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1094, supra. At the request of Mr. P
AUL, his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1094, supra. 
S. 1132 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Montana 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.027 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3296 June 6, 2017 
(Mr. T ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1132, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make per-manent the removal of the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare program with respect to speech generating devices. 
S. 1133 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1133, a bill to repeal changes made by health care reform laws to the Medi-care exception to the prohibition on certain physician referrals for hos-pitals, and for other purposes. 
S. 1141 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1141, a bill to ensure that the United States promotes the meaningful participation of women in mediation and negotiation processes seeking to prevent, mitigate, or resolve violent conflict. 
S. 1151 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1151, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a non-refundable credit for working family caregivers. 
S. 1238 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1238, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase and make permanent the exclusion for benefits provided to volunteer fire-fighters and emergency medical re-sponders. 
S. 1240 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1240, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Power Act to establish an Office of Public Participation and Consumer Ad-vocacy. 
S. 1263 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1263, a bill to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to prohibit oil-, gas-, and methane hy-drate-related seismic activities in the North Atlantic, Mid-Atlantic, South Atlantic, and Straits of Florida plan-ning areas of the outer Continental Shelf, and for other purposes. 
S. CON. RES. 12 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Con. Res. 12, a concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Con-gress that those who served in the bays, harbors, and territorial seas of the Republic of Vietnam during the pe-riod beginning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975, should be pre-sumed to have served in the Republic of Vietnam for all purposes under the Agent Orange Act of 1991. S. RES. 54 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 54, a resolution expressing the unwavering commitment of the United States to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. 
S. RES. 174 
At the request of Mr. M ORAN , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 174, a resolution rec-ognizing the 100th anniversary of Lions Clubs International and celebrating the Lions Clubs International for a long history of humanitarian service. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. COTTON (for himself, Mr. B
URR, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R UBIO, Ms. C
OLLINS , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. R OB-
ERTS , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. T HUNE , and Mr. P
ERDUE ): S. 1297. A bill to make title VII of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 permanent, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. Mr. COTTON. Mr. President, the at-tacks in London last weekend exposed in a matter of minutes just how vulner-able free societies truly are. All it takes is a van or a knife and an unsuspecting bystander to turn a fun night out on the town into a horrific nightmare. Of course, we shouldn’t need any re-minders, but let me give one yet again: We are at war with Islamic extremists. We have been for years, and I am sorry to say that there is no end in sight. It is easy to forget this as we go about our daily lives, but our enemies have not, and they will not. They have never taken their eyes off the ultimate tar-get, either—the United States. Yes, we are at war with a vicious and unyielding foe, and just as our enemy can attack us with the simplest of ev-eryday tools, the strongest shield we have in our defense is just as basic: It is the intelligence—information—of knowing who is talking to whom about what, where, when, and why. After the 9/11 attacks, our national security agencies developed cutting- edge programs that allow us to figure out what the bad guys are up to and stop them before they can perpetrate such heinous attacks. Very often, the intelligence they have collected has made the difference between life and death for American citizens. But one of those programs is going to sunset later this year. I am talking about section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveil-lance Act. This is a program that col-lects information about foreign persons on foreign soil and, as a result, saves American lives. Unfortunately, this and other pro-grams were distorted in the public de-bate by a traitor, a disgruntled ex-NSA contractor, Edward Snowden, who now sits in the warm embrace of Russian intelligence services. Ever since his very damaging leak of classified mate-rial many years back, many Americans have grown doubtful about these pro-grams and about section 702 in par-ticular, which is why it bears repeating just what section 702 does. It allows our national security agencies to collect internet or phone communications from a source within the United States, like an internet service pro-vider, but only under a very specific set of conditions. It cannot target Amer-ican citizens—not even lawful perma-nent residents. It can’t even target for-eigners communicating on U.S. soil. It can target only people discussing a spe-cific list of topics preapproved by the FISA court, which is made up of Fed-eral judges with life tenure. We are not talking about what they are picking up at the grocery store or when they are checking in on the kids. We are talking about things like weapons of mass de-struction. It is true that this program occasion-ally does collect information about American citizens. That will be true of any attempt to stop any kind of home-grown terrorism. But if you are con-cerned about protecting Americans’ privacy rights, then you should support extending 702. It puts in place a host of privacy protections to scrub raw intel-ligence of any unnecessary identifying information. To allow this program to expire on December 31 would hurt both our national security and our privacy rights. That is why today I am introducing a bill that would reauthorize section 702 permanently, as is, with no changes. We can’t tie the hands of our national security officials at the precise mo-ment that our enemies are taking the gloves off around the world. Terrorists don’t plan to sunset their threats to our way of life, so why should our im-portant counterterrorism tools sunset? I am glad to say that my legislation has the support of every Republican Senator on the Intelligence Com-mittee, and I look forward to earning the support of my colleagues in the weeks ahead because we can’t afford to let this program expire. It is not too much and it is not an exaggeration to say that American lives depend on sec-tion 702. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 219. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 1094, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 219. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.029 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3297 June 6, 2017 
him to the bill S. 1094, to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the accountability of employees of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 81, strike line 3 and all that follows through page 82, line 24, and in-sert the following: (a) R
EDUCTION OF ANNUITY FOR REMOVED  E
MPLOYEE .—(1) The Secretary shall order that the covered service of an employee of the Department removed from a position for performance or misconduct under section 713, 714, or 7461 of this title or any other pro-vision of law shall not be taken into account for purposes of calculating an annuity with respect to such individual under chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, if— (A) the Secretary determines that the indi-vidual— (i) is convicted of a felony (and the convic-tion is final) that influenced the individual’s performance while employed in the position; (ii) committed an act of gross negligence; or (iii) mismanaged funds of the Department; and (B) before such order is made, the indi-vidual is afforded— (i) notice of the proposed order; and (ii) an opportunity to respond to the pro-posed order by not later than ten business days following receipt of such notice; and (C) the Secretary issues the order— (i) in the case of a proposed order to which an individual responds under subparagraph (B)(ii), not later than five business days after receiving the response of the individual; or (ii) in the case of a proposed order to which an individual does not respond, not later than 15 business days after the Secretary provides notice to the individual under sub-paragraph (B)(i). (2) Any individual with respect to whom an annuity is reduced under this subsection may appeal the reduction to the Director of the Office of Personnel Management pursu-ant to such regulations as the Director may prescribe for purposes of this subsection. (b) R
EDUCTION OF ANNUITY FOR RETIRED  E
MPLOYEE .—(1) The Secretary may order that the covered service of an individual who the Secretary proposes to remove for per-formance or misconduct under section 713, 714, or 7461 of this title or any other provi-sion of law but who leaves employment at the Department prior to the issuance of a final decision with respect to such action shall not be taken into account for purposes of calculating an annuity with respect to such individual under chapter 83 or chapter 84 of title 5, if— (A) the Secretary determines that the indi-vidual— (i) is convicted of a felony (and the convic-tion is final) that influenced the individual’s performance while employed in the position; (ii) committed an act of gross negligence; or (iii) mismanaged funds of the Department; and f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, I have 6 requests for committees to meet dur-ing today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 6, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., in open session, to receive testimony on the posture of the De-partment of the Air Force in review of the defense authorization request for fiscal year 2018 and the future years de-fense program. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 6, 2017, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing to consider the fol-lowing nominations: Mr. Kevin Allen Hassett, to be Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers; and the Honor-able Pamela Hughes Patenaude, to be Deputy Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate in order to hold a Business Meeting on Tuesday, June 6, 2017, beginning at 9:30 a.m. in Room 366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building in Washington, DC. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 6, 2017, at 10 a.m. in order to conduct a hearing. 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence is authorized to meet during the session of the 115th Congress of the U.S. Senate on Tuesday, June 6, 2017, at 3 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Senate Hart Office Building. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON SEAPOWER  
The Subcommittee on Seapower of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, June 6, 2017, at 2:30 p.m. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, I ask consent that LCDR Michael Chesnut, U.S. Navy, a defense legislative fellow in my office, be granted floor privileges for the duration of his fellowship. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Patrick Flani-gan, an intern in Senator K
ENNEDY ’s office, be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR STAR PRINTING—S. RES. 184 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that S. Res. 184 be star printed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7, 2017 Mr. MCCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, June 7; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to Calendar No. 110, S. 722. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:25 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, June 7, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
RICHARD V. SPENCER, OF WYOMING, TO BE SECRETARY OF THE NAVY, VICE RAYMOND EDWIN MABUS, JR. CHARLES DOUGLAS STIMSON, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE GEN-ERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY, VICE PAUL LUIS OOSTBURG SANZ. OWEN WEST, OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE MICHAEL D. LUMPKIN. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY  
JOSEPH OTTING, OF NEVADA, TO BE COMPTROLLER OF THE CURRENCY FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS, VICE THOMAS J. CURRY, TERM EXPIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
ELIZABETH ERIN WALSH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA, TO BE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF COMMERCE AND DIRECTOR GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES AND FOR-EIGN COMMERCIAL SERVICE, VICE ARUN MADHAVAN KUMAR. 
DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION  
STEVEN GILL BRADBURY, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE GEN-ERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPOR-TATION, VICE KATHRYN B. THOMSON, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
DAVID P. PEKOSKE, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY, VICE PETER V. NEFFENGER. 
NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION  
ANNIE CAPUTO, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION FOR THE TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2021, VICE WILLIAM CHARLES OSTENDORFF, TERM EXPIRED. KRISTINE L. SVINICKI, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION FOR THE TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2022. (RE-APPOINTMENT) DAVID WRIGHT, OF SOUTH CAROLINA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION FOR THE TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING JUNE 30, 2020, VICE JEFF-ERY MARTIN BARAN, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
ROBERT CHARROW, OF MARYLAND, TO BE GENERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, VICE WILLIAM B. SCHULTZ. STEPHEN PARENTE, OF MINNESOTA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, VICE RICHARD G. FRANK. 
OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION  
DAVID STEELE BOHIGIAN, OF MISSOURI, TO BE EXECU-TIVE VICE PRESIDENT OF THE OVERSEAS PRIVATE IN-VESTMENT CORPORATION, VICE MIMI E. ALEMAYEHOU . RAY WASHBURNE, OF TEXAS, TO BE PRESIDENT OF THE OVERSEAS PRIVATE INVESTMENT CORPORATION, VICE ELIZABETH L. LITTLEFIELD. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:26 Sep 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD17\JUNE\S06JN7.REC S06JN7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3298 June 6, 2017 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
PETER LOUIS OPPENHEIM, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AS-SISTANT SECRETARY FOR LEGISLATION AND CONGRES-SIONAL AFFAIRS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, VICE JULIUS LLOYD HORWICH. CARLOS G. MUNIZ, OF FLORIDA, TO BE GENERAL COUN-SEL, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, VICE JAMES COLE, JR. 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
BRIAN ALLEN BENCZKOWSKI, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT ATTORNEY GENERAL, VICE LESLIE RAGON CALDWELL. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. SCOTT A. HOWELL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JAMES C. VECHERY 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. THOMAS A. HORLANDER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. BRUCE T. CRAWFORD 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. ANDREW L. LEWIS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. MATTHEW J. KOHLER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. KEVIN M. DONEGAN 
IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPOR-TANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. ROBERT F. HEDELUND 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE TO BE A CON-SULAR OFFICER AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: NICHOLAS RAYMOND ABBATE, OF NEW YORK BILQIS MAJIDAH AIDARA ADJEI, OF FLORIDA NATHANIEL PALENAKA AMBLER, OF VIRGINIA LUKE JOSEPH ANDERSEN, OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM SPENCER ANDERSON, OF WASHINGTON JILLIAN CHRISTINE ANTHONY, OF VIRGINIA MONICA LYNN ARRIOLA, OF CALIFORNIA DAVID ALAN BAKER, OF VIRGINIA KIMBERLY ANN BARONE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA GREGORY MARK BAUER, OF VIRGINIA BRIAN GLENN BENGTSON, OF VIRGINIA MADELINE REISING BENNETT, OF TEXAS MICHAEL DANIEL BERENTSON, OF WASHINGTON ARI BENJAMIN BERLIN, OF VIRGINIA STEPHEN L. BOCANEGRA, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL RYAN BOWERBANK, OF VIRGINIA ERIC JAMES BRATT, OF CALIFORNIA RALPH EVAN BROWN III, OF CALIFORNIA SHALEEN JOHN BRUNSDALE, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA JEREMY RICHARD CAIRL, OF VIRGINIA CLINTON CANADY IV, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CALVIN STEWART CARDILLO, OF VIRGINIA ELIZABETH PATRICIA CARDONE, OF NEW YORK RONALD E. CAREY, OF VIRGINIA TRICIA LYNN CARLISLE, OF VIRGINIA ANTHONY C. CARTELLI, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ANTHONY CARTER, OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM DENNIS CASEY, OF VIRGINIA JOSEPH G. CATALANO, OF VIRGINIA BAHARAK SHAMS CHAISSON, OF VIRGINIA GIRISH SUBHASH CHASKAR, OF VIRGINIA PENNY PIN–CHIEH CHEN, OF VIRGINIA SHERRIE MICHELLE CHUNG, OF VIRGINIA COLETTE MARIA CLARK, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MALCOLM HOWARD CLARK, OF MARYLAND HALEY MONET COTTRELL, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL NOAH CUNNINGHAM, OF VIRGINIA JON ADAM CUSTIS, OF FLORIDA JONATHAN A. CZIN, OF VIRGINIA KATHRYN VICTORIA DANIEL, OF VIRGINIA SCOTT RUSSELL DASH, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SHAWN MICHAEL DAVIS, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW ALAN DEAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JOHN L. DESALVIO, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL J. DISALVO, OF VIRGINIA RYAN A. DOUGLAS, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW F. EBERT, OF VIRGINIA RANDI E. ECKARD, OF VIRGINIA LUCY PLICHTA EDGERTON, OF VIRGINIA MELISSA ANNE FEDDERS, OF VIRGINIA SHANNON J. FLECKENSTEIN, OF VIRGINIA LAURIE JEAN GALLEGOS, OF VIRGINIA ANTHONY JOSEPH GENTILE, OF VIRGINIA ELIZABETH GESSON, OF CALIFORNIA MARTHA CLAIRE GILLON, OF VIRGINIA BENJAMIN DAVID GORDON, OF UTAH MICHAEL ALBERT GREEN, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL STEPHEN HADLEY, OF TEXAS MARK ZACHARY PETERSON HANDLOFF, OF NORTH CARO-LINA SEAN THOMAS HARDINGHAM, OF VIRGINIA BENJAMIN LAFAYETTE HARRELL, OF VIRGINIA NATHANIEL B. HEGSETH, OF MARYLAND HAILEY ANNE HOFFMAN, OF VIRGINIA SIMON M. HOLMES, OF VIRGINIA PETER G. HUDDLE, OF VIRGINIA SARABRYNN MICHELLE HUDGINS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MARK VERNON HUNGERFORD, OF WASHINGTON ALEXANDER MICHAEL HUNT, OF ARKANSAS ANNA R. ISMAN, OF VIRGINIA SCOTT MATTHEW JACKSON, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL DANIEL JACOBELLIS, OF VIRGINIA DAVID NELSON JONES, OF VIRGINIA DAVID A. KACZOR, OF VIRGINIA SARA RUTH KAUFFMAN, OF VIRGINIA CHRISTOPHER MICHAEL KEALLY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ERIKA D. KIRKLAND, OF VIRGINIA DAVID CHRISTIAN KISSLING, OF WASHINGTON THOMAS B. KNESL, OF VIRGINIA CAROLYN MARGARET KRAGIE, OF VIRGINIA KENNETH R. KRAPER, OF VIRGINIA JESSICA BENSON KUNTZ, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MARK S. LANCASTER, OF VIRGINIA ERIC VICTOR LARSON, OF FLORIDA CARING CHAI LAW, OF VIRGINIA THOMAS ANDREW LEE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ANDREW RICHARD LEWIS, OF VIRGINIA IVERSON BRYANS LONG, OF NEW YORK BRET DAVID LUGO, OF VIRGINIA BRYAN THOMAS MANGAN, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT BYRON MANN, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW JEROME MAUNTEL–MEDICI, OF ILLINOIS DAVID M. MCCLARY, OF VIRGINIA MEGAN ALYSSA MCCULLOUGH, OF MARYLAND MICHAEL STEPHEN MCLEAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA ASHLIE KATHLEEN MENARD, OF NEW YORK JUDD MILNE, OF VIRGINIA JULIA LYNN MOGHE, OF VIRGINIA CHELSEA L. MONTI, OF VIRGINIA CHELSEA RAE MORGAN, OF VIRGINIA KATHERINE SANDER MORRIS, OF WASHINGTON TIMOTHY K. MOSS, OF VIRGINIA ANGELEE MULLINS, OF MARYLAND HEATHER CHRISTINE MURPHY, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA KRISTIN S. MUSSELMAN, OF VIRGINIA MUHAMMAD AMMAR MIKDAMUL MUYEED, OF VIRGINIA LAURIE JOHNSON MYNATT, OF FLORIDA VINCENT STENNETT MYRICK, OF VIRGINIA YUSHUWA WAALID NETTLES, OF PENNSYLVANIA PHUONG DUY NGUYEN, OF VIRGINIA WALTER KILE NIGHTINGALE, OF TEXAS TERESA LEE NOBLE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA TIMOTHY MICHAEL NORRIS, OF VIRGINIA NATALIE ELIZABETH OLSON–CLOWES, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ANTHONY PALMER, OF VIRGINIA MARK ANTHONY PATANELLA, OF VIRGINIA PHAKISHA L. PETERSON, OF VIRGINIA JESSICA ANH THU DUC PHAM, OF CALIFORNIA ANAND PRASAD, OF VIRGINIA POORNIMA RAI, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA LUKE ROBERT RAMSEY, OF VIRGINIA VERONICA LYNN REDMOND, OF VIRGINIA TRAVIS W. REZNIK, OF VIRGINIA DAVID NATHAN ROBERTS, OF MICHIGAN SHARON R. ROSE, OF VIRGINIA NATALIE D. RUTKOWSKI, OF VIRGINIA NICOLE SUNE SBITANI, OF VIRGINIA DANA L. SCHMIDT, OF VIRGINIA CAROLINE BROOKS SHAVER, OF VIRGINIA AROOSTINE MCDOWELL SHESTON, OF VIRGINIA ELISABETH A. SIGLER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA KATHRYN HORNER SIROLLY, OF ILLINOIS TAYLOR STEWART SMITH, OF VIRGINIA OLEG SOKOLAN, OF VIRGINIA NICHOLAS ARIC SOTTLER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA SHANNON S. SPILLER, OF VIRGINIA CANDACE VALERIE SPRADLEY, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA AUDREY JANE STEVENS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA CHRISTINA BUCTON STOMM, OF VIRGINIA KATHRYN NAOMI TAYLOR, OF VIRGINIA LEE MCCLINTOCK THOMPSON, OF TEXAS JENNIFER LYNN TORRES, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA ERIN CARNEY TRAMONTOZZI, OF TEXAS GREG KEVIN TRAYLOR, OF FLORIDA HENRY W. TRIMBLE, OF VIRGINIA BRICE CAMERON TURNER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA IAN P. TUTTLE, OF VIRGINIA MUSTAFA AKBARALY VAHANVATY, OF CALIFORNIA RACHEL KEY VAN JOHNSON, OF CALIFORNIA STEVEN STERLING VERNON, OF VIRGINIA MONICA THEODORA VON SCHLEGELL, OF CALIFORNIA ELIZA PUI WAH WALSH, OF VIRGINIA REES J. WALTHER, OF VIRGINIA JOSHUA PAUL WELSH, OF FLORIDA SONIA ANJULIE WETTSTEIN, OF NEW YORK THOMAS HUSTON WHITE, OF VIRGINIA JAMES B. WHITMORE, OF VIRGINIA MICHAL KRYZYSZTOF WIECZOREK, OF VIRGINIA PATRICK CHARLES WILCOX, OF TEXAS ERIC ARTHUR WILD, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ELLEN DEAN WILSON, OF VIRGINIA DANIELLE L. K. WINFIELD, OF VIRGINIA JOSHUA HARRISON WISE, OF VIRGINIA SETH ANDREW WYNGOWSKI, OF VIRGINIA ELIZABETH MARIE WYSOCKI, OF MASSACHUSETTS THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR APPOINT-MENT AS A FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CONSULAR OF-FICER, AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: GABRIELA R. ARIAS VILLELA, OF FLORIDA NAVDEEP AUJLA, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA SUZANNE BALSAM, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL G. BARRERA, OF TEXAS KATE WILKINSON BARTLETT, OF FLORIDA YANIV M. BARZILAI, OF TENNESSEE ALEXANDER B. BELLAH, OF VIRGINIA BRANT B. BEYER, OF MONTANA SHELLA A. BIALLAS, OF WASHINGTON DANIEL A. BOEHMER, OF MASSACHUSETTS ANNA M. BOULOS, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE EVELINA A. BOZEK, OF CALIFORNIA EMILY R. BRANDT, OF TEXAS DEVIN M. CAHILL, OF ILLINOIS JOHN CERABINO–HESS, OF FLORIDA SCOTT K. CLAYTON, OF OHIO KEVIN M. COATS, OF FLORIDA JAMES DAVIS II, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA MARIA A. DAVYDENKO, OF ALASKA JOSHUA R. DELARA, OF NEW YORK DANIEL J. DEVRIES, OF MICHIGAN JEREMIAS N. DIRK, OF MICHIGAN COCO A. DOWNEY, OF TEXAS DANIEL A. DURAZO, OF CALIFORNIA KATHRYN EDWARDS, OF PENNSYLVANIA ROBERT GEORGE EHRMANN, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA NASHWA N. ELGADI, OF TEXAS MATTHEW S. FERRY, OF MISSOURI RAPHAEL A. GARCIA, OF FLORIDA VICTOR M. GARCIA–RIVERA, OF FLORIDA SARAH B. GARDINER, OF CONNECTICUT ANTHONY PETER GIORGIANNI, OF VIRGINIA ARON F. GOLD, OF PENNSYLVANIA BRIAN H. GRANDJEAN, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW J. HAFNER, OF MISSOURI BRETT E. HANSEN, OF VIRGINIA GARRETT J. HARKINS, OF NEW YORK KARI E. HATCHER, OF MICHIGAN CALVIN L. HAYES, OF FLORIDA CALANDRA J. HERSRUD, OF NEVADA BRIAN J. HUSAR, OF FLORIDA SHAYMA JANNAT, OF CONNECTICUT LESLIE L. JOHNSON, OF PENNSYLVANIA KATHERINE S. KIGUDDE, OF TEXAS ERICA S. KING, OF TEXAS ALEXANDRA J. KING PILE, OF MARYLAND DARRIN J. KOWITZ, OF NEW MEXICO JOSEPH N. LEAVITT, OF OREGON EDITH HOPE LEE, OF WASHINGTON DANIEL M. LISS, OF FLORIDA TIMOTHY P. LOCKWOOD, OF ARIZONA CHRISTIAN M. LOUBEAU, OF NEW YORK MACIEJ J. LUCZYWO, OF NEW YORK ADAM A. LUND, OF OREGON MICHAEL JOHN MARBLE, OF VIRGINIA RONALD LUKE MARTIN, OF CALIFORNIA BRIA A. MATHEWS, OF MISSOURI JILLIAN AMBER MCCOY, OF MARYLAND JONATHAN D. MCMASTER, OF MARYLAND TIFFANY MICHELLE MILLER, OF NORTH CAROLINA DEREK M. MILLS, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA DORIAN MOLINA, OF MASSACHUSETTS SALVADOR C. MOLINA, OF CALIFORNIA DONNA R. MOLINARI, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA KENT M. MULLEN, OF VIRGINIA KEVIN J. O’CONNOR, OF CALIFORNIA LAUREN FORBES O’DOHERTY, OF NORTH CAROLINA KENDRA E. PACE, OF FLORIDA THOMAS E. PAJUSI, OF NEW JERSEY KABEER PARWANI, OF MASSACHUSETTS STEPHANIE WEGMAN PETERSON, OF MINNESOTA RICHARD T. PHILLIPS, OF SOUTH DAKOTA MARISSA J. POLNEROW, OF NEW JERSEY MARK J. REDMOND, OF CONNECTICUT NATHANIEL DAVID REIN, OF OREGON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.025 S06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3299 June 6, 2017 
ROBERT B. REVERE, JR., OF FLORIDA SARAH K. G. ROGERS, OF CALIFORNIA WILLIAM L. ROMINE, OF FLORIDA BENJAMIN R. ROODE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JOSEPH A. ROZENSHTEIN, OF NEW YORK VALERIE JEAN SANTOS, OF VIRGINIA JILLIAN R. SCHMITT, OF VIRGINIA ROBERT ALLEN SCOTT, OF IOWA CRAIG W. SIMONS, OF CALIFORNIA AUDREY S. SLOVER, OF COLORADO MARCO S. SOTELINO, OF MASSACHUSETTS ABIGAIL M. SPENGLER, OF FLORIDA HELAINA M. STEIN, OF NEW YORK DANIEL S. STREITFELD, OF TEXAS WILLIAM D. STURGEON, OF VIRGINIA EMILY M. TEICKENSON, OF NEW YORK AARON M. THOMPSON, OF VIRGINIA JEFFERY ALAN TOMASEVICH, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA MATTHEW V. TOMPKINS, OF CALIFORNIA VALERIE L. ULLRICH, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE MARTIN A. VAUGHAN, OF IDAHO DANIEL R. WALKER, OF NEW YORK ADAM M. WALLINGFORD, OF VIRGINIA RYAN M. WAYE, OF GEORGIA JONATHAN P. WEDD, OF CALIFORNIA REBECCA R. WHITE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ANTON L. WISHIK II, OF WASHINGTON NOAH T. WOODIWISS, OF SOUTH CAROLINA ANGELA J. WYSE, OF MICHIGAN MATTHEW J. YI, OF CALIFORNIA HAENIM YOO, OF CALIFORNIA THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF AG-RICULTURE TO BE A FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CON-SULAR OFFICER, AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: ANDREW ANDERSON–SPRECHER, OF WYOMING LAURA J. GELLER, OF OHIO KARISHA L. KUYPERS, OF TENNESSEE EVAN NICHOLAS MANGINO, OF NEW JERSEY THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTER-NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT, OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GEN-ERAL TO BE A FOREIGN SERVICE OFFICER, A CONSULAR OFFICER, AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERV-ICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: RAMEETH HUNDLE, OF ILLINOIS JOY KADNAR, OF VIRGINIA SPIRIDON NAKIS, OF VIRGINIA LOREN STENDER, OF SOUTH CAROLINA 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate June 6, 2017: 
CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY  
COURTNEY ELWOOD, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE GENERAL COUNSEL OF THE CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A06JN6.026 S06JNPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE757 June 6, 2017 
ZHOUYI WANG 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Zhouyi Wang for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Zhouyi Wang is a student at Drake Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Zhouyi Wang is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Zhouyi Wang for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
HONORING NEW CITIZENS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure and sincerity that I take this time to congratulate thirty individuals who will take their oaths of citizenship on Friday, June 9, 2017. This memorable occasion, presided over by Magistrate Judge John E. Martin, will be held at the United States Courthouse and Federal Building in Hammond, Indiana. America is a country founded by immi-grants. From its beginning, settlers have come from countries around the world to the United States in search of better lives for their fami-lies. Oath ceremonies are a shining example of what is so great about the United States of America—that people from all over the world can come together and unite as members of a free, democratic nation. These individuals realize that nowhere else in the world offers a better opportunity for success than here in America. On June 9, 2017, the following people, rep-resenting many nations throughout the world, will take their oaths of citizenship in Ham-mond, Indiana: Fabian Alejandro Gonzalez Franco, Muralidhar Ganji, Qiang Xu, Gustavo Quijada Vega, Alan John McDonald, Marco Antonio Gonzalez Jimenez, Krysta Carmella Ma Abuyo Mapoy, Miao Cai, Blagica Bujaroska, Penina Kagwiria Imanene, Gaulo Amezcua Luna, Marvin Antonio Sandoval, Do-lores Eumelia Romero, Paula Phan Duong, Juan Diego Salgado, Hang Trung Dinh, Noe Joel Salazar, Ahmed Abed Kanaan, Vicar Serrano Valencia, Thales Felipe Neves Pontes, Mara Carolina Stibitz, Smruti Prabodhchandra Damania, Tatiana Carolina Zambrano Marin, Ishvarbhai Venabhai Patel, Pascual Lopez Rocha, Laura Ivonne Carmona Garcia, Liz Yessica Relinski, Yongtao Zhang, Maryrose Sachiko Moore, and Apollo Raj Velummylum. Although each individual has sought to be-come a citizen of the United States for his or her own reasons, be it for education, occupa-tion, or to offer their loved ones better lives, each is inspired by the fact that the United States of America is, as Abraham Lincoln de-scribed it, a country ‘‘. . . of the people, by the people, and for the people.’’ They realize that the United States is truly a free nation. By seeking American citizenship, they have made the decision that they want to live in a place where, as guaranteed by the First Amendment of the Constitution, they can practice religion as they choose, speak their minds without fear of punishment, and assemble in peaceful pro-test should they choose to do so. Mr. Speaker, I respectfully ask you and my other distinguished colleagues to join me in congratulating these individuals who will be-come citizens of the United States of America on June 9, 2017. They, too, are American citi-zens, and they, too, are guaranteed the in-alienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We, as a free and democratic nation, congratulate them and welcome them. f 
HONORING THE RETIREMENT OF RALPH PONTILLO 
HON. MIKE KELLY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize one of my constituents from Western Pennsylvania, Mr. Ralph Pontillo. Following nearly 30 years of service, Ralph recently retired as president of the Man-ufacturer & Business Association (MBA), a professional trade organization that represents more than 3,000 member companies in the tri- state region. Ralph is a veteran of the United States Air Force and a native of Erie County, where he graduated from Strong Vincent High School and Gannon University, earning a bacca-laureate degree in political science. Ralph joined the MBA in 1987 and served as man-ager of member services until he was named president on April 1, 1990. Ralph maintained his role as president for the following three decades, creating a legacy built on advocating for the business community. Throughout his tenure, Ralph was instru-mental in much of the MBA’s success, includ-ing the facility relocation to its present head-quarters and the construction of the MBA’s Conference Center. These two projects al-lowed the MBA to expand and offer additional programs and services, enabling the MBA to become one of the largest regional employer associations of its kind. Ralph is credited with spearheading one of the MBA’s most visible community outreach programs, the annual Roar on the Shore ® charitable motorcycle rally. Roar on the Shore® is one of the fastest-growing chari-table motorcycle rallies in the United States, attracting approximately 165,000 visitors to the Erie area annually, creating an economic boost of more than $25 million. Over the past ten years, the rally has raised more than $800,000 for local charities. Ralph has actively participated in a number of local, state and national boards, voluntarily dedicating his time and effort in order to sup-port various initiatives. Ralph is a member of the American Society of Association Execu-tives and for more than 20 years has main-tained the status of a Certified Association Ex-ecutive, a professional designation that recog-nizes the highest level of achievement and ex-cellence in the profession. Ralph’s expertise has been an absolute asset to the various boards and organizations with which he has been involved. Ralph is an admirable professional who has created a praiseworthy legacy built on advo-cacy and service. He took advantage of his role as President of the MBA, continuously striving for greatness in all that he did. Ralph has made lasting contributions and the Erie community will reap the benefits of his efforts long after his retirement. Ralph will be remem-bered as a catalyst for improvement and a longtime champion for the business commu-nity. f 
CANTERBURY COUGARS BASEBALL 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Can-terbury School’s men’s baseball team for their second consecutive Class 3A State Cham-pionship. The Cougars clinched the Title fol-lowing their tremendous 4–1 victory over Jack-sonville University Christian at Hammond Sta-dium in their hometown of Fort Myers. This tri-umph came through their outstanding team-work and ability to adapt during games. The Title caps off an excellent season where the team achieved an astounding record of 27 wins to just 5 losses. I congratulate the Canterbury Cougars and Head Coach Frank Turco for an excellent sea-son and this unforgettable win. I look forward to seeing the accomplishments of these young men in the years to come. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06JN8.015 E06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE758 June 6, 2017 
RECOGNIZING THE RETIREMENT OF MR. DON MASCH AFTER NEARLY 23 YEARS OF SERVICE WITH ATK AND VISTA OUTDOOR, INC. 
HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the retirement of Mr. Don Masch after nearly 23 years of service with ATK and Vista Outdoor, Inc. Don was born and raised in Waterbury, Connecticut and graduated from Sacred Heart High School in 1966. After high school, he at-tended the University of Connecticut and grad-uated in 1970 with a degree in Political Science. As a Distinguished Military Graduate, he was commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the U.S. Army. Don served in a variety of com-mand and staff positions in the United States and overseas, including assignments to Syria, Lebanon, Germany and Israel. He holds a Master of Arts in National Security Affairs from the United States Naval Postgraduate School, and is a graduate of the Defense Language Institute and Army Command and General Staff College. In the Pentagon, he served on the Army Staff and in the Secretary of the Army’s Office of Legislative Liaison, retiring in 1993 as a Lieutenant Colonel. Don Masch began his career in industry in February of 1993, initially with Short Brothers USA, joining ATK in 1994 as part of the cor-poration’s government relations team. There he became a trusted lobbyist and advocate on a wide range of defense and aerospace poli-cies and programs. He quickly earned a rep-utation as a reliable and effective spokesman in Washington, D.C., helping to establish ATK on Capitol Hill. His fact-based approach to issues and commitment to integrity made him indispensable to ATK and the people in Wash-ington with whom he worked. In addition to his role as head of Congres-sional Relations at ATK, Don served as the head of the Ethics Panel at the Association of Government Relations Professionals, Presi-dent of the Washington, D.C. Chapter of the National Defense Industrial Association, and in other association positions. He also was a guest speaker at numerous seminars and pan-els, including NDIA and Georgetown Law School. When ATK acquired Orbital Sciences in 2015, he played a key role in the transition of both the OrbitalATK and the newly formed Vista Outdoor Government Relations teams, becoming Vista’s Vice President for Govern-ment and Industry Relations. As head of Vis-ta’s federal affairs, Don has proven to be an effective advocate on conservation, sports-men’s issues and 2nd Amendment rights. He is well respected for both his knowledge and his consummate professionalism, with a warm sense of humor and strong work ethic. As Don and his wife Karen head off to fu-ture endeavors and more time with their sons Don and Brian and five grandchildren, I con-gratulate him on his retirement and thank him for his diligent service to the country and to the defense and outdoor industries. RECOGNIZING THE STATE CHAM-PION BOWLER ZACH BOBBETT HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the accomplishment of Zach Bobbett of the Union Springs/Port Byron Bowl-ing Team, who was part of the Section IV team in the New York State Public High School Association on March 5, 2017. The Section IV team defeated the Section III team by 228 pins to secure the title. Zach Bobbett scored the second highest score of the tournament with 1,341 pins over six games. I am honored to recognize the hard work displayed by Zach Bobbett and the rest of the Section IV team, their families, the coaching staff, and teachers. This is a historic win for Central New York and I am confident that the positive experiences from the 2017 season will yield continued success in both athletics and academics. 
f 
TRINITY AVERITT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Trinity Averitt for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Trinity Averitt is a student at Moore Middle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Trinity Averitt is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Trin-ity Averitt for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her future accomplish-ments. 
f 
HONORING FRED DOUGLAS MASON, JR. 
HON. ELIJAH E. CUMMINGS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I wish to commend a great American who has devoted more than five decades of his life to the con-tinuing struggle of our nation’s working fami-lies for greater opportunity, empowerment, and social justice. On June 16, Fred Douglas Mason, Jr., who retired in April as President of the Maryland- District of Columbia AFL–CIO and its 384,000 members, will be honored at a dinner in his honor. We would be remiss if we did not recognize the contributions and struggles of Fred Mason and all the other hard-working Americans who forge our steel, build our automobiles, care for our families in times of illness or injury, teach our children, and contribute their sweat and toil to enriching our lives in so many other ways. Fred Mason’s career, both on the assembly lines of Baltimore and as a union organizer and leader, exemplified the strong and resil-ient character of the Americans he served dur-ing the last 52 years. Fred personally experienced the heartbreak that wreaked havoc on the economic and so-cial order of our Greater Baltimore commu-nity—as Bethlehem Steel, General Motors, General Electric, Proctor and Gamble and other manufacturing corporations abandoned their Baltimore operations, leaving nearly 100,000 working families to reach deeply into their hearts, pull themselves together, and chart new courses for their lives. Fred Mason also knew the empowering strength of education that provides needed skills and justifies a living wage, a health care plan and a secure retirement. Throughout his career, he worked tirelessly to expand the job training and tuition assist-ance that has allowed so many of his brothers and sisters to build better lives. From his earliest days as a student at Mor-gan State College (now University), Fred Mason also understood that an integrated America, both racially and socio-economically, is a stronger and more prosperous nation. And although he will be laying down the gavel as President of the Maryland-DC AFL– CIO, I am confident that Fred Mason will carry on in the cause of universal civil and human rights. I hold this conviction because, like Fred Mason, I, too, am a son of labor and a civil rights worker. And like Fred Mason, we all must under-stand that the civil rights movement of our own time is not limited to issues of race or gender or freedom of conscience—as critically important as those struggles remain. The civil rights movement of our time, Mr. Speaker, is also about whether parents can afford to feed and house their children—and provide those children with the education and health care that they need and deserve. The choice is ours. Will America once again become a nation of opportunity for everyone willing to work hard? Or will hard-working Americans continue to be squeezed past the breaking point by poli-cies, enacted from afar, that devalue our peo-ple, our economy and the nation that we love? Mr. Speaker, this is the message that Fred Mason has lived and taught to others for more than five decades—and the same message that has become central to the national de-bates of our own time. It was at Morgan State College that Fred first came to understand that organization mat-ters and is critical to progress in our country in the area of Civil Rights. At Bethlehem Steel and on the assembly lines of General Motors, Fred Mason came to realize that working people can become em-powered if they organize. Now, in retirement, Fred also knows that the struggle to organize America must continue. He knows that political democracy in Amer-ica is irrevocably linked to the expanded eco-nomic and social democracy that has carried so many closer to the American Dream. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06JN8.005 E06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE759 June 6, 2017 
And above all, Fred Mason has taught us that our struggle for the American Dream con-tinues despite the attacks of recent years. I have faith that dedicated, strong Ameri-cans like Fred Mason will always be there on the front lines. And for all of these contributions, we should thank Fred Mason and his wonderful wife, Jennifer, and wish them well. 
f 
HONORING THE 100TH ANNIVER-SARY OF DESCENT OF THE HOLY SPIRIT ORTHODOX CHURCH 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that I congratu-late Descent of the Holy Spirit Orthodox Church, located in Schererville, Indiana, as its congregation and church leaders join together to celebrate the church’s 100th Anniversary. Reverend Father Holowaty and Subdeacon Daniel Coffman will be commemorating this momentous occasion with a Hierarchical Di-vine Liturgy and celebration on June 25, 2017, as well as additional memorial events through-out the church’s anniversary year. Descent of the Holy Spirit was founded 100 years ago when a small group of families were looking for a place to practice the Orthodox faith. In 1917, the original church was built in East Chicago, Indiana, and it was in this loca-tion that parishioners worshipped as a com-munity for the next eighty years. In 1997, the current church, located in Schererville, was constructed. It is here that the congregation continues to gather together in celebration, praise, and faith. Descent of the Holy Spirit is part of the American Carpatho-Russian Ortho-dox Diocese of the United States of America, led by His Grace, Right Reverend Bishop Gregory Tatsis, under the Ecumenical Patri-archate of Constantinople, Patriarch Bar-tholomew. Descent of the Holy Spirit Orthodox Church continues to touch the lives of its parishioners and countless individuals through its compas-sionate service. The congregation is a close- knit, family-centered community where all peo-ple are welcome. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my distin-guished colleagues to join me in honoring and congratulating Descent of the Holy Spirit Or-thodox Church in Schererville, Indiana, on the occasion of its 100th Anniversary. For their commitment to service and to their faith, the church leaders and parishioners are worthy of the highest praise. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO 3M IN SPRINGFIELD, MISSOURI 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate 3M on 50 years of innovation in Springfield, Missouri. 3M is a company filled with employees that have spent over 100 years in the United States inventing and working each day to make the lives of others easier. Southwest Missouri is fortunate enough to have a 3M plant in Springfield, Missouri. The 3M plant in Springfield is a vital part of the community. This plant employs many peo-ple that go to work each day and impact the lives of those not just in the local community, but all around the world. I am honored to recognize 3M in Springfield and its dedication to not only southwest Mis-souri, but the many communities throughout the world. On behalf of Missouri’s 7th Con-gressional District, I ask all of my colleagues to join me in wishing 3M in Springfield and all of its employees the best. f 
HONORING BILLIE PAUL BAILEY 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a very special man, Mr. Billie Paul Bailey, of Bath County, Kentucky. Mr. Bailey has always loved his country. He was honored to serve when drafted into the United States Army in 1952, during the Ko-rean War. Following training at Camp Breckenridge, Mr. Bailey was deployed to Stuttgart, Germany where he served in the 29th Transportation Company. He was honor-ably discharged in 1954 and remained in the Reserves until 1960. Mr. Bailey returned to Bath County following his service. He and his wife Emma Lea mar-ried in 1954. They have three children. Mr. Bailey operated a dairy and crop farm for 52 years. He has been described as a dedicated follower of Christ and a pillar in the commu-nity. Mr. Bailey and his fellow men and women of the United States military answered the call to serve our great nation. America is forever grateful and appreciative of the service of Mr. Bailey and all our patriots. I am honored to recognize Mr. Billie Paul Bailey before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JULIA WHITLA CLINGER 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Julia Whitla Clinger, who passed away on November 22, 2016, at the age of 85. Judy, as she was known to her friends, was the wife of William F. Clinger, a distinguished former member of this body whom I was privileged to work for during his tenure as the Chairman of the Government Reform and Oversight Committee in the mid- 1990s. Judy was born on February 3, 1931, in Sharon, Pennsylvania. Her early life was marked by tragedy—her father, a prominent lawyer in Sharon, died of pneumonia when she was just two years old. Judy graduated from Connecticut College with highest honors, Phi Beta Kappa, with a degree in English. In 1951, she married Bill, and spent the better part of the next 25 years in Warren, Pennsyl-vania, where they raised their four children and were active members of the community. After Bill’s election to Congress in 1978, Judy moved with him to Washington. Here, she was involved in a number of charitable and civic organizations, including the Inter-national Club of Washington and the Congres-sional Wives Task Force, where she served as Treasurer. Bill would be the first to tell you that Judy was his greatest political asset, ac-tively participating in his nine successful con-gressional campaigns and playing an impor-tant behind-the-scenes role as he rose through the ranks on Capitol Hill to become a committee chairman. Judy will be remembered by those who knew her for what one described as her ‘‘feisty elegance’’—a combination of social grace and high-spiritedness that made it a pleasure to spend time with her. Judy’s life will be cele-brated over the upcoming Fourth of July holi-day at a memorial service in the lakeside com-munity of Chautauqua in upstate New York, where she and Bill first met and where they returned every summer. Judy is survived by Bill, whom I had an op-portunity to visit with recently, her children (El-eanore, Will, Jim, and Julia), and by seven grandchildren, to whom she was devoted. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in celebrating the life of Judy Clinger, and extending our sincerest condolences to our former colleague, Bill Clinger, on the loss of his wife of 65 years. f 
YANIRA ALVARADO 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Yanira Alva-rado for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Yanira Alvarado is a student at Arvada High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Yanira Al-varado is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Yanira Alvarado for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 28TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE MASSACRE ON TIANANMEN SQUARE 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 28th anniversary of the massacre at Tiananmen Square. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K06JN8.017 E06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE760 June 6, 2017 
This historic stand against oppression saw several hundred civilians shot dead by the Chinese army during a bloody operation to crush a democratic protest in Beijing’s Tiananmen Square. The Chinese army took the Square with vio-lence against its own people; most of whom were students refusing to move until their de-mands for democratic reform were met. Tanks rolled through the capital’s streets randomly firing on unarmed civilians. Millions of people had joined this protest— people from all walks of life who were angered by widespread corruption and calling for de-mocracy. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize former President George H.W. Bush and former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher who both publicly condemned this atrocious act of violence and stood in solidarity with the men and women who peacefully assembled to de-mand democracy. The courage and commitment to democratic governance displayed by the demonstrators in Tiananmen Square 28 years ago will never be forgotten by Americans and freedom loving people everywhere. 
f 
HONORING LISA M. MAATZ FOR HER OUTSTANDING CONTRIBU-TIONS WITH THE AMERICAN AS-SOCIATION OF UNIVERSITY WOMEN 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join colleagues, family, and friends in paying tribute to Lisa M. Maatz for her outstanding leadership and invaluable contributions as Vice President of Government Relations and Advocacy at the American Association of Uni-versity Women (AAUW). Though she has de-cided to move forward to other opportunities, she has left an indelible mark on this organi-zation and all of those who have been fortu-nate enough to have worked with her. For fifteen years, Lisa has served in multiple leadership capacities at AAUW and remained a tireless advocate for women and girls. As the organization’s top policy adviser she has faithfully worked to advance and protect the interests of women and families across the na-tion. During her tenure she dedicated much of her work to advocating for the economic and retirement security of women and families. Among her many accomplishments, she is most notably remembered for her instrumental role in the successful passage of the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act of 2009. Lisa’s strengths for developing and directing public policy and grassroots advocacy have resulted in her the successful leadership of several coalitions working to advance opportu-nities for women and girls, including the Na-tional Coalition for Women and Girls in Edu-cation (NCWGE) and the Equal Pay Coalition. In addition to leading the Public Policy and Government Relations department, Lisa spent eighteen months serving concurrently as the interim director of the AAUW Legal Advocacy Fund. A highly sought-after speaker, having made numerous presentations on the national stage, and a principal spokesperson for wom-en’s issues in Washington and across the na-tion, Lisa is a trailblazer by any definition. Her creative and strategic approaches to legisla-tion and advocacy at all levels coupled with her equally talented ability to implement and mobilize grassroots strategies have earned her the respect and admiration of co-workers, peers, and legislators alike. Lisa’s reputation in public service precedes her. Her grassroots advocacy career began when she was Executive Director of Turning Point, a battered women’s program recognized for excellence by the Ohio Supreme Court. Since then, she has worked on behalf of such organizations as the NOW Legal Defense and Education Fund and the Older Women’s League, and served as a legislative aide to U.S. Congresswoman CAROLYN MALONEY . She was recently featured in the book ‘‘Secrets of Powerful Women’’, is a contributor to ‘‘Love Her, Love her Not: The Hillary Paradox’’ and recently served on the boards for the Wom-en’s Information Network (Win) as well as on the Public Leadership Education Network (PLEN) where she mentored the next genera-tion of young women activists. Lisa’s work has been recognized by count-less distinctions including the 2013 National Committee on Pay Equity’s Winn Newman Ad-vocacy Award, the 2012 National Association of Partnerships in Equity’s first-ever Public Policy Advocate for Equity Award, and the U.S. Women’s Chamber of Commerce’s 10th anniversary Trailblazer Award. Her achieve-ments reflect her extraordinary career in ad-vancing gender equity and her unwavering commitment to social justice. I would be remiss if I did not take a moment to extend a personal note of thanks to Lisa for the work that she has done with me and my staff. Lisa has been a sister-in-arms on my work with the Paycheck Fairness Act, not only making ‘‘Equal Pay for Equal Work’’ a priority for the AAUW, but also bringing it to the fore-front of state and national public policy de-bates. She has been an extraordinary re-source and I cannot thank her enough for the vision and counsel she has provided over the years. Lisa M. Maatz has dedicated her life to sup-porting women and girls through advocacy, education, and philanthropy. Her service and leadership in this capacity is nothing less than exceptional. As she continues her legacy, I am honored to stand today and thank her for the incredible work she has done in the service of all women and girls and wish her all the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
DR. GEORGE WINDSOR 
HON. VICKY HARTZLER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. George E. Windsor, a family physician in Windsor, Missouri. George has been a physician for 47 years and has de-cided to retire from his practice at the age of 74. I hope all of you can join me in congratu-lating him on his retirement and wishing him continued health and happiness in this new phase of life. I am honored to share my gratitude and re-spect for Dr. George E. Windsor. His dedica-tion and care for the people of his community are an inspiration to us all. f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO DR. JAMES JACOBS 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Dr. James Jacobs, who is retiring at the end of June from a 50-year career at Macomb Community College (MCC). Since 2008, Dr. Jacobs has served as President of MCC. On its face, the pairing of Dr. Jacobs and Macomb Community College was improbable. A native of Brooklyn, New York with a Ph.D. in Politics from Princeton University, the notion that Dr. Jacobs would accept a faculty position at a Midwestern community college seemed, to his university peers at least, to be highly unlikely. As Dr. Jacobs told the Detroit Free Press in January of 2016, ‘‘They said, ‘Do you need help finding a job? We can help you find something.’ ’’ What those colleagues did not understand was that Jim Jacobs’ passion for activism and his belief that, as a profile written about him for Advancing Macomb put it, ‘‘. . . as a col-lege professor he could be a positive change agent for the country,’’ was deeply held. At the request of a friend, Dr. Jacobs accepted an in-vitation to speak to students at MCC. As he explained in the same profile, ‘‘Two things im-mediately impressed me. First, the students were real people and included Vietnam vet-erans, auto workers and homemakers, who were in college asking good questions based on their life experiences. They brought a re-freshing perspective that was dramatically dif-ferent to my experience at Princeton.’’ So, when he was offered a part-time position at MCC as a professor of economics, Dr. Jacobs brought his commitment to helping working class people build their futures to Macomb County. Dr. Jacobs has been an enthusiastic advo-cate for the importance of helping people to deal with the challenges of a changing econ-omy through new skills training. During his tenure as President, MCC has enhanced its reputation as a pre-eminent institution for workers displaced by economic change to gain the skills needed to achieve career suc-cess. As a testament to the high regard in which MCC is held, former President Barack Obama visited the college three times to high-light the importance of workforce development and worker retraining. Dr. Jacobs is also widely known for his an-nual ‘‘Macomb County Economic Forecast,’’ which he delivers to a coalition of the county’s local chambers of commerce. In his report, Dr. Jacobs delves deeply into the state of the county’s economy—including employment, wages, home values, demographic changes, and more—which he places in context with state and national economic trends, and projects future economic change based on his analysis of the data. This report is highly val-ued not only by chamber of commerce mem-bers, but by county, state and federal policy makers. My office and I have turned to Dr. Jacobs on innumerable occasions to better under-stand an education or economic issue, to fully 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.004 E06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE761 June 6, 2017 
immerse ourselves in local demographic de-velopments, and to collaborate on local eco-nomic development issues. He was instru-mental as chair of the local committee that oversaw the return of federal property to the City of Warren for economic development dur-ing a Base Closure and Realignment Commis-sion (BRAC) process. He was proactive in talking about the economic opportunities that exist in the defense sector for Macomb County and Southeast Michigan, and in ensuring a vital role for MCC in training and re-training ef-forts in this sector. In recent years, he has spoken out eloquently about the role of new immigrants in the County and at the College. Each of these examples highlights how Dr. Ja-cobs combines a unique ability to look to the future, with an appreciation of the past and al-ways a grounding in the realities of working families. We have benefitted tremendously from his expertise, but more importantly from his passion and commitment for all of these issues. While he is retiring from Macomb Commu-nity College, he will continue the important work to which he has been committed for five decades. He will join the Ralph C. Wilson Jr. Foundation, which focuses its philanthropic ef-forts in Southeast Michigan and in Western New York, advising it on how it can best sup-port programs which will help working class families receive skills training and education to better secure their futures. The President of the Center for Automotive Research, Jay Baron, told the Detroit Free Press, ‘‘Jim can talk to presidents and he can talk to the guy in the tool and die shop.’’ Jim Jacobs has always known that presidents are important, but his life’s work has been to help that person in the tool and die shop achieve economic security for his or her family in an ever-changing economy. Mr. Speaker, I en-courage my colleagues to join me in thanking Dr. James Jacobs for his immeasurable con-tributions to Macomb Community College and to the people of Macomb County, and in wish-ing him the very best as he retires from the important institution which he served for 50 years. 
f 
HONORING CLAUDE CARTER 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a very special person, Mr. Claude Carter, of Bath County, Kentucky. Mr. Carter, a veteran of World War II, is a member of the Greatest Generation. Mr. Carter enlisted in the United States Navy at the age of 18. After completing basic training at the Great Lakes Naval Base in Illi-nois, he was then placed on a troop transport train to San Francisco. There, he received hatchman and winchman training. The sailors were trained to load and unload tons of sup-plies from the merchant ships as quickly as possible. Mr. Carter and 3,000 others then boarded the U.S.S. Pondera for Honolulu. There they were transferred to a naval supply depot where they were in charge of trans-porting supplies to ships outside the harbor. Mr. Carter and others were struck by the de-struction left following the attack on Pearl Har-bor, and were always mindful of the sacrifices made there on December 7th, 1941. During his time in Hawaii, the names of all those in his company were listed on the wall, and every other man was chosen to transfer to Iwo Jima or Okinawa. Mr. Carter was not chosen and stayed on the island to finish his service. He reached the rank of 3rd Class Boatswain’s Mate Coxswain and was discharged in June of 1946. Mr. Carter returned home where he at-tended Tennessee Tech, worked at the family hardware store, and built electricity and tele-phone line systems. He and his wife Lena have lived in Owingsville for 22 years where they enjoy retirement. Mr. Carter and so many other men and women accepted the call of their country and volunteered to serve. Their sacrifice protected freedom and preserved it for future genera-tions. Mr. Carter is truly an American patriot. I am honored to recognize Mr. Claude Carter before the United States House of Represent-atives. f 
TAYLOR BELLMER 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Taylor Bellmer for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Taylor Bellmer is a student at Standley Lake High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Taylor Bellmer is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Tay-lor Bellmer for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO MELVIN R. BROWN III FOR EARNING EAGLE SCOUT ACHIEVEMENT 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate Melvin R. Brown, of Joplin, Missouri, on his recent achievement of the Boy Scouts of America’s top rank of Eagle Scout. The rank of Eagle Scout is the highest rank attainable in the Boy Scouts of America. It is the culmination of many years of hard work and dedication, requiring countless hours of service, training and learning. Becoming an Eagle Scout requires a signifi-cant amount of determination and self-dis-cipline, traits which will no doubt serve to make Mr. Brown a better employee, family member and American throughout his life. To achieve this rank, he demonstrated active teamwork in his troop, underwent numerous wilderness training tests, dedicated time to his community and has adhered to the Boy Scouts of America oath’s reverence for char-acter, citizenship and personal wellness Mr. Speaker, by attaining the rank of Eagle Scout, Mr. Brown has set himself on the path to achieve future success, and I’m proud to count him among my constituents. His dedica-tion in completing the required benchmarks and community service requirements to reach the Eagle Scout rank is indicative of his ability to accomplish whatever goals he sets his mind to. I wish Mr. Brown luck with all his future en-deavors, and urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating him on this momentous achievement. f 
COMMEMORATING THE FRIEND-SHIP CENTERS OF EMMET COUN-TY’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. JACK BERGMAN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize the Friendship Centers of Emmet County as they celebrate 50 years of mean-ingful work in Michigan’s First Congressional District. Families throughout Michigan under-stand how important it is to have quality and compassionate care for seniors, and we are grateful for the Friendship Centers of Emmet County’s half-century of community service. The Friendship Centers of Emmet County date back to 1960 when a small group of friends in the basement of a Petoskey church decided to gather for social activities on a reg-ular basis. Eight years later, the group of friends, which had grown significantly and formed a ‘‘Steering Committee for a Drop-in Center,’’ successfully petitioned the city for the use of space in the old Petoskey City Hall building. In 1988, the Friendship Center of Petoskey was officially reincorporated as the Friendship Centers of Emmet County (FCEC) with three satellite locations in Alanson, Har-bor Springs and Pellston, aimed at serving the educational, social, and physical needs of sen-ior citizens. The Friendship Center of Petoskey remained at the old city hall for the next thirty years until it moved to its current lo-cation on Anderson Road in December of 1999. In addition to offering a fun and social space for senior citizens to gather, the Friendship Centers of Emmet County have consistently proven to be leaders in the community through targeted initiatives that enhance the wellbeing of elderly citizens. Programs like ‘‘Sit and Be Fit’’ and Tai Chi classes help members stay healthy, engage seniors in activities that en-hance their standard of living, and prepare them for an active lifestyle in their later years. The FCEC also hosts several special guest speakers who provide lectures to seniors on topics ranging from health and volunteerism to the arts and environmental issues. This pro-gram is one of several that exemplify the FCEC’s tremendous efforts to foster continued academic growth within the community, and promote lifelong scholarship in a robust social setting. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.007 E06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE762 June 6, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the Friendship Centers of Emmet County for 50 years of service in the Emmet County commu-nities. Northern Michigan residents can take great pride in knowing that Emmet County is a better place thanks to the work and dedica-tion of the Friendship Centers. On behalf of my constituents across Michigan’s First Dis-trict, I thank the Friendship Centers of Emmet County for their work and look forward to their continued success. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. RANDY REID 
HON. MICHAEL C. BURGESS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Randy Reid, Superintendent of Schools at Keller Independent School District (ISD). Dr. Reid is retiring after thirty-four years of public service in Texas. Dr. Reid received a bachelor’s degree from Baylor University and a master’s degree and Doctorate in Education Administration from Texas A&M University at Commerce. After completing his own education, Dr. Reid began his career in public service as a teacher in Richardson ISD. Over the next 24 years, he advanced from teacher to coach to Assistant Superintendent of Richardson ISD. Before as-suming the helm of Keller ISD in 2012, Dr. Reid served as the Superintendent of Celina ISD and Tyler ISD. While serving as superintendent, Dr. Reid oversaw the passage of a $169.5 million bond package which funded four new campuses in the District. This expansion included Keller’s first campus solely devoted to Career and Technological Education coursework, the cut-ting-edge Keller Center for Advanced Learn-ing. While serving as a catalyst for academic success in his own district, Dr. Reid has also advocated for the advancement of quality edu-cation throughout the state of Texas. Dr. Red currently serves as President of the Texas Fast Growth School Coalition, a group of more than fifty of the fastest-growing Texas school districts. In addition, he is active member of the University Interscholastic League (UIL) Waiver Review Board, the Texas Association of School Administrators, and the Future Ready Superintendents Leadership Institute. For the past five years, Dr. Reid has been a dedicated community leader in the greater Keller area. I salute Dr. Reid for his exemplary career and extend my best wishes upon his retirement. It is an honor to represent the stu-dents, families, teachers and staff of Keller ISD in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE BOYS AND GIRLS CLUB OF CAMARILLO ON THEIR 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate the Boys and Girls Club of Camarillo on the occasion of their 50th anniversary as a remarkable afterschool insti-tution servicing the youth and families of the City of Camarillo. Since 1967, the Boys and Girls Club of Camarillo has had a profound impact on the community with an exemplary goal of edu-cating our youth to become socially respon-sible citizens. The Boys and Girls Club of Camarillo has become an extraordinary asset to our community as a whole. Holding true to its mission, the Boys and Girls Club of Camarillo cares for each and every student that comes through their doors regardless of race, gender, ethnicity, or socio-economic status. They develop each student’s full potential to become productive, respon-sible, and caring individuals. For over five dec-ades, the Boys and Girls Club of Camarillo has accomplished this goal through dedicated staff and volunteers to whom we owe an in-surmountable debt of gratitude. Since its founding, the Boys and Girls Club of Camarillo has aimed to keep our young kids off the streets through supervised, quality afterschool programs and services. Today, the Boys and Girls Club of Camarillo serves ap-proximately 400 kids every day and over 4,000 kids each year. These kids have the op-portunity to participate in sports programs in its gymnasium, arts programs in its perform-ance theatre, and academic programs in and outside its technology lab, giving kids a truly holistic development experience that will em-power them and instill confidence. Furthermore, the Boys and Girls Club of Camarillo has a youth employment program that connects its teens with job opportunities in the community. In doing so, they act as a collaborative relationship builder, mentoring teens and facilitating a connection with poten-tial employers where they can utilize the skills and knowledge they have obtained through the organization. Every child deserves a great future, and the Boys and Girls Club of Camarillo has suc-ceeded in creating a positive, fun, and safe environment for our community’s youth to reach their fullest potential. For these reasons, it is my sincere pleasure to honor the Boys and Girls Club for its exceptional 50 years of service to our community’s youth and devel-oping our future leaders. f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF MATTHEW A. ROZELL 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable man who has shown a strong dedication to educating the students of New York’s 21st District. Growing up in the historic foothills of the Ad-irondack Mountains, Matthew Rozell’s sur-roundings inspired in him a deep interest in the past. This fascination led him to SUNY Geneseo, where he received a Bachelor of Arts in History, and a Master’s in Education. After graduating, Mr. Rozell returned to his high school alma mater in Hudson Falls, NY, where he has spent the entirety of his career going above and beyond as an educator. As the founder of the World War II Living History Project, Mr. Rozell has established an excellent tool for educating students. He has helped to connect WWII veterans and sur-vivors throughout the country and worked to make their stories known. Specifically, the work that the project has done on uncovering personal accounts and photographs from the Holocaust has drawn attention and recognition from organizations around the country. In addition to being featured as an ABC World News ‘‘Person of the Week,’’ Mr. Rozell has received multiple awards, including the History Teacher of the Year Award from the Organization of American Historians, and the Founders’ Medal for History Education from the National Society of the Daughters of the American Revolution. Rozell also received the New York State Education Department’s Louis E. Yavner Teaching Award for Distinguished Contributions to Teaching the Holocaust. I would like to thank Mr. Rozell for his en-during commitment to academia and research. Through his work, he has served as an exem-plary educator and as a role model for his stu-dents and his peers. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF STUART VOGT 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate Mr. Stuart Vogt of Vienna, Virginia. Born in 1920, Mr. Vogt lived through some of the most uncertain times in American history during which he not only en-dured, but flourished. And throughout his illus-trious career he has always put his country and community first. Mr. Vogt graduated from Lehigh University in 1942 with a B.S. in Electrical Engineering. With the war effort furiously ramping up, there was a demand for young, aspiring engineers. He was recruited by Westinghouse in Lima, Ohio, near Army Air Force headquarters at Wright-Patterson AFB, to join Westinghouse’s brand new Aviation Engineering Department. While there he designed dynamos and gen-erators for World War II P40 fighters and B17 & B24 bombers. After the war, Mr. Vogt moved to Virginia to work with Naval Air Sys-tems Command on aircraft electric motors. However, after only a few years there he was given a unique opportunity to work on NASA’s Launch Operations’ Saturn rockets. During his time at NASA, he worked in conjunction with Werner Von Braun and other scientists in Huntsville and Cape Canaveral. Before retiring thirty years ago, Mr. Vogt returned to Naval Air Systems Command where he installed air-craft carrier computer upgrades to accommo-date new carrier-based F14 Tomcat fighters, S–3 Viking submarine trackers and E–2C Hawkeye early warning radar aircraft. In retirement Mr. Vogt shifted from serving his country to serving his community. He was the Chairman of his local chapter of the Na-tional Active and Retired Federal Employees, and today he remains a very active member of Our Lady of Good Counsel Catholic Church in Vienna. Mr. Vogt has a selfless desire to serve and to give back to his community, and this attitude inspires the same in all who meet him. He is a leader and I know he passes on the same selfless qualities to all he meets. Beyond his duties within his community and long career in the defense and aerospace in-dustries, Mr. Vogt was a loving husband to his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.010 E06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE763 June 6, 2017 
wife Marie who passed away 14 years ago and is a loving father to son Stuart Vogt and grandfather to Lynne and Andy. At this mo-ment, Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in extending our sincerest thanks to Mr. Vogt for all the work he has done in his community and for our country. 
f 
TEA BENZENBERG 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Tea Benzenberg for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Tea Benzenberg is a student at Drake Mid-dle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Tea Benzenberg is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Tea Benzenberg for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
PROTECTING AGAINST CHILD EXPLOITATION ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, May 25, 2017 Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I rise today in opposition to H.R. 1761, the Pro-tecting Against Child Exploitation Act. Al-though I support the goal of the bill, which aims to strengthen existing laws that crim-inalize engaging in sexual acts with a child that result in the production of an image or video, I am concerned that its overly broad language could cause unintended consequents that go beyond the sponsors’ in-tentions. Make no mistake, our children de-serve the strongest possible protection against such heinous acts and abuse. I am deeply concerned; however, that the bill does not take into consideration situations between consenting teenagers. Teenagers today have access to more technology than ever before, and far too many of them do not comprehend the seriousness of exchanging sexually explicit images of themselves with one another. Al-though I do not condone such behavior, I can-not support a bill that does not distinguish be-tween those situations and the morally rep-rehensible crimes against children. I commend my colleague, Congresswoman S
HEILA JACK-
SON LEE, for offering an amendment that would make consensual activity between a minor who is fifteen years old or older and an adult who is nineteen years old or younger punishable as a misdemeanor, rather than a felony. The amendment was narrowly tailored to make sure that the punishment for such consensual situations is proportionate to the severity of the crime. I was disappointed that the House did not adopt the Jackson-Lee amendment, and I cannot support the under-lying bill without the inclusion of this important policy provision. f 
HONORING PROFESSOR ROLAND ALUM, JR. 
HON. THOMAS MacARTHUR 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. M
ACARTHUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the academic scholarship and con-tributions of Professor Roland Alum, Jr., of New Jersey, specifically his recent article, re-garding the 115th anniversary of the inaugura-tion of the Cuban Republic in 1902. Include in the R
ECORD this article which was published on Saturday, May 20, 2017 in the Jersey Jour-nal. Professor Roland Alum, Jr., has managed a successful career of university teaching, ad-ministration, and scholarship, while still re-maining committed to civic engagement. In his article, Professor Alum reviews a book by another New Jerseyan, Professor Margarita Garcia, which honors the legacy of Toma´s Estrada, who served as the first elect-ed president of the Cuban Republic. Prior to his installation as president, Estrada spent 25 years in exile, mostly in the United States, where he grew to admire our democracy and civilian-dominated system of government. Pro-fessor Alum explains his view that these facts contribute to the reasons why the Castro brothers’ dictatorship in Cuba demonizes Estrada’s memory and further ignores the his-torical significance of May 20th. Professor Alum contrasts Estrada’s good will and actual governmental history with the Castros’ mega militaristic, oppressive totalitarianism, since 1959. He concludes his article with an empha-sis on the significance of the date of May 20th, particularly to the pro-democracy Cuban- Americans, who constitute a valuable commu-nity in New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, the people of New Jersey are tremendously honored to have Professor Ro-land Alum, Jr., as a dedicated member of their community. It is because of his recent aca-demic contribution, that I rise to recognize his scholarship and request that this article, as prepared by Professor Alum, be printed into the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD before the United State House of Representatives. 
WHYMAY20 ISS OIMPORTANT TO CUBAN  A
MERICANS  (By Roland Alum, Jr.) On May 20, 1902, the independent Republic of Cuba was inaugurated with the swearing in of its first elected president, Toma ´s Estrada (aka Estrada Palma—with his ma-ternal patronymic added as per Hispanic cul-tural tradition). Cuban patriots had been waging the War of Independence vs. colonial Spain since 1895, a conflict that blended into the brief Spanish-Cuban-American War in 1898, in turn giving way to the first U.S. Intervention (1898–1902), which called for elections in 1901. Estrada won the presidency after 25 years in exile, mostly in the U.S. After rising in arms against the Spanish Empire in 1868, Estrada (1835–1908) was taken prisoner; upon his release, he moved to Hon-duras, where he was hired to reorganize the postal, educational and health-care services. When the Honduran military ousted the democratic government for which he worked, Estrada settled with his family in Central Valley, New York, 50 miles north of Manhat-tan (an hour’s drive from Hudson County), directing a pioneering private school there. In 1895, Estrada became the head of the Cuban Revolutionary Party that had been founded in New York for the independence of Cuba and Puerto Rico. Leading an extraor-dinary lobby pro Cuba’s independence, he often passed through today’s Jersey City’s Liberty State Park on his train trips to/from Washington. Hudson County is nowadays home to the second most important Cuban- American community, and May 20 is rou-tinely remembered with celebrations, includ-ing a Bergenline Avenue parade and ‘‘pil-grimages’’ to Central Valley. The Castro family’s Communist-styled tyranny and its pro-democratic exiled opponents share in the commemoration of most Cuban patriotic holidays, except for this one, given that the ‘‘socialist’’ dictatorship demonizes Estrada as ‘‘a U.S. puppet.’’ Professor Margarita Garcia, a Hudson County ex-resident, straightens the record of Estrada’s legacy in her recent ‘‘Before ‘Cuba Libre’: The Making of Cuba’s First Presi-dent, Toma´s Estrada Palma’’ (Outskirts Press, 2016). One gathers from her book that among Estrada’s presidential accomplish-ments (1902–1906) was the limiting the num-ber of U.S. naval bases from the seven re-quested of the nascent republic, to one: Guantanamo. Above all, Estrada sought to establish a civilian-dominated, honest gov-ernmental system, drastically distinct to what had already become by then a nefarious Latin-American militaristic model, of which he had been a victim in Honduras. Unfortunately, throughout Cuba’s repub-lican trajectory, the military often inter-fered in politics, culminating in the Castros’ six-decade reign, as the island-country is tor-mented by an egotistic elite of ‘‘revolu-tionary generals’’ parroting passe ´, hate- mongering Marxist-Leninist slogans while the average Cuban suffers boundless depriva-tions. Since 1959, the Castro family—an un-elect-ed, de facto Caribbean nepotistic dynasty— has persistently accused Estrada of turning Cuba into a ‘‘Yankee vassal state.’’ Paradox-ically, it was the Castro brothers who made Cuba subservient to the far-away, failed So-viet Bloc, thus transfiguring a progressive trending nation into a backwards one from which its people desperately aspire to flee. Ironically, that ruling entrenched gerontocratic oligarchy now seeks the ‘‘stinking Yankee dollars’’ to subsidize the government’s business monopolies managed by a vast network of corrupt Castro kinspeople and accomplices. What Cuba needs above all is a regime change that would bestow power to the peo-ple and establish a democratically elected, civilian dominated open society that will re-spect individual freedoms and human/civil rights, as was envisioned by the republic’s founding fathers, such as Presidente Toma ´s Estrada. f 
HONORING WALTER M CGLOTHIN 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a very special man, Mr. Walter McGlothin, of Bath County, Kentucky. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.014 E06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE764 June 6, 2017 
Mr. McGlothin was born on the 4th of July. He was drafted into the United States Army on November 15, 1951. He received training on anti-aircraft artillery and was sent to Japan, where he spent 16 months on a 120mm artil-lery gun. He returned home on October 29, 1953. Mr. McGlothin was in active reserve for 6 years and was honorably discharged on No-vember 15th, 1959. Mr. McGlothin and his wife Joyce have been married for 53 years. They have four children, eight grandchildren, and four great-grand-children. Mr. McGlothin and his fellow men and women of the United States military answered the call to serve our great nation. America is forever grateful and appreciative of the service of Mr. McGlothin and all our patriots. I am honored to recognize Mr. Walter McGlothin before the United States House of Represent-atives. 
f 
TREVIN MONTANO 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Trevin Montano for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Trevin Montano is a student at Standley Lake High School and received this award be-cause his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Trevin Montano is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Trevin Montano for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO HALEY FARRIS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate and honor a young student from my district who has achieved national recognition for exemplary volunteer service in her commu-nity. Haley Farris of Oldfield has just been named one of the distinguished finalists in Missouri by The 2017 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program, an annual honor conferred on the most impressive student vol-unteers in each state and the District of Co-lumbia. Ms. Farris is being recognized for creating ‘‘4Confidence,’’ a program designed to help middle school students learn to love them-selves through biweekly meetings covering topics from bullying to eating disorders. Ms. Farris started the group after realizing she wasn’t the only one struggling with low self-es-teem, organized pageants to raise money for group activities and increase the confidence of the young contestants she recruited from the community. It’s vital that we encourage and support the kind of selfless contribution this young citizen has made. Young volunteers like Ms. Farris are inspiring examples to all of us, and are among our brightest hopes for a better tomor-row. The program that brought this young role model to our attention—The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards—was created by Pru-dential Financial in partnership with the Na-tional Association of Secondary School Prin-cipals in 1995 to impress upon all youth volun-teers that their contributions are critically im-portant and highly valued, and to inspire other young people to follow their example. Over the past 22 years, the program has become the nation’s largest youth recognition effort based solely on community service, and has honored more than 115,000 young volunteers at the local, state and national level. Ms. Farris should be extremely proud to have been singled out from the thousands of dedicated volunteers who participated in this year’s program. I wish Ms. Farris luck with all her future endeavors, and urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating her on this mo-mentous achievement. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CLARENCE E. GOODLEIN’S SERVICE TO THE CITY OF WIXOM 
HON. DAVID A. TROTT 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in recognition of the lifetime of dedication and service of Clarence E. Goodlein of Wixom, Michigan. Serving his community well for 37 years, as Police Chief for five years and Police Chief and Director of Public Safety for ten, Mr. Goodlein dedicated his life to ensuring the City of Wixom continued to be a safe and desirable neighborhood for those of all ages. Mr. Goodlein built his career on a founda-tion of protecting others and his unwavering dedication to this principle and his community earned him the appointment of Wixom City Manager in 2015. Here he brought a unique combination of vibrant leadership and years of proven experience to inspire new direction to the city’s government. As a proud graduate of Madonna University, the University of Detroit–Mercy, Oakland Uni-versity, and the FBI National Academy and Executive Leadership Programs, his wealth of knowledge built a sound future of success for our entire community. His outstanding leadership has not gone un-noticed. It helped model the Lower Peninsula Law Enforcement Risk Control Advisory Com-mittee, which aids local law enforcement agencies throughout the State of Michigan. While his retirement from City Manager will leave a great void in City Hall, I have no doubt that Mr. Goodlein will continue to be a vibrant part of our community, continuing to serve each and every one of his neighbors for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my most sincere gratitude to Mr. Goodlein for his dec-ades of service to our community, the City of Wixom, and the great State of Michigan, and wish him well in his retirement. f 
HONORING MR. CLIFTON HARTMAN 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor the life of Mr. Clifton ‘‘Clif’’ R. Hartman and his long dedication to our Cheshire community. Clif passed away on May 27, 2017 at the age of 97, but his memory and contributions will live on in Cheshire for years to come. Clif was born in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania on May 21, 1920. He graduated from high school in Dunellen, New Jersey, and then studied organic chemistry and chemical engi-neering at Lehigh University, Rutgers Univer-sity, and Columbia University. Clif met the love of his life, Mary Shuey, and the couple mar-ried on June 1, 1942. Just a few weeks later, Clif joined the U.S. Army Air Force to lend his expertise as an ammunitions specialist during the Second World War. He served with a bomb disposal unit across the European and northern African theaters of war, and earned a Bronze Star in recognition of his service and dedication to the country. At the end of the war, Clif started his long career with the Calco Chemical Company, and he retired in 1985. In their retirement, Clif and Mary were active and adventurous, traveling extensively with their family. Clif was an active member of our community and enthusiastically shared his knowledge as a longtime member of the Cheshire Army Air Force Round Table and the First Congregational Church. He was also a master chess player and shared his passion for the game with hundreds of elementary school children in after-school programs. Mr. Speaker, Clif Hartman was a model member of our community whose dedication and willingness to help others serve as a model for those who knew him, and it is fitting and proper that we honor his legacy here today. My condolences go out to his family, in-cluding his children Keith and Dale, and his grandchildren Caitlin, Beth, Megan, Erik, Elise, Rebecca, Ryan, and Jeffrey. Clif had an im-measurable impact on Cheshire, Connecticut and the United States of America, and those who knew him will cherish his memory. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF ALEXANDRA ‘‘SANDY’’ BRESLIN 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is with the heaviest of hearts that I rise today to join the many family, friends, colleagues, and commu-nity leaders who have gathered to pay tribute to one of our community’s most ardent and passionate advocates, Alexandra ‘‘Sandy’’ Breslin, who lost her battle with cancer just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.017 E06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE765 June 6, 2017 
days ago. Sandy was an extraordinary woman, whose compassion, dedication, and commitment to public service touched the lives of many and helped to shape the very char-acter of our great state. Sandy was many things to many people— advocate, activist, mentor, and most impor-tantly, friend. I first met Sandy as a newly elected Member of Congress when she sought me out to talk about the need to preserve and protect the Long Island Sound and the invalu-able habitats along its shores. Few have had a larger impact on the preservation and pro-tection of the Long Island Sound than Sandy. She worked with me and others to secure mil-lions of dollars in federal funding to support conservation efforts up and down the Sound’s coast and was instrumental in the passage of the Long Island Sound Stewardship Act. She also served as the Connecticut Co-Chair of the Citizens Advisory Committee of the na-tional estuary program for Long Island Sound where she fought for horseshoe crab sanc-tuaries that protected this ancient creature and helped establish standards for harvesting menhaden that set the stage for the return of whales to the Sound. Sandy’s passionate activism helped to make real many land conservation projects including such local environmental jewels as Kelda, the former Griswold Airport, Long Beach West, The Preserve, and Suffield and Barn Island Wildlife Management Areas; and to expand the Stewart B. McKinney the Silvio 0. Conte National Wildlife Refuges. Her outstanding contributions have been recognized with three national awards including a U.S. Department of the Interior Environmental Achievement Award; a Teaming with Wildlife Member Achievement Award for establishing a Con-necticut Conservation License Plate; and a Coastal America Award for conservation team-work at Long Beach West. In addition to her environmental work, Sandy was also a dedicated advocate for the Town of Bethany, Connecticut. She served as a member of the Inland Wetlands Commission for more than two decades, she worked to renew State funding that resulted in creation of a municipal open space and watershed matching grants program that helped protect Clover Nook Farm, Veteran’s Memorial Park and Monument Stables and for more than a decade she served as Bethany’s representa-tive on the Regional Policy Board of the South Central Connecticut Regional Water Authority, and on its Land Use Committee. Sandy was also a dedicated member of Connecticut’s Democratic Party. She served as the Democratic Town Chair of Bethany for many years and it was under her leadership that the first Democrat in nearly a century was elected First Selectman. In neighboring Woodbridge, she was a driving force behind the election of the first woman to serve as First Selectman in the town’s history. Her con-tributions to local and state politics earned her the respect and admiration of many across the state. Sandy was a great friend to me and several members of my staff. There was not a time when we could not call her for advice, infor-mation, and council. There was not an envi-ronmental event in the state that she did not attend—and she likely had a hand in its orga-nization as well. Even under the most frus-trating of circumstances, she was there with a smile, ready to roll up her sleeves and get to work. Sandy was the best—an embodiment of everything we strive to be as advocates for others. Like so many others, I consider myself fortunate to have called her my friend. Sandy leaves behind her mother, Ruth, as well as scores of family, friends, and col-leagues whose lives were touched by her good work. I am proud to stand today and take this opportunity to pay tribute to her life-time of public service, to thank her for her in-valuable contributions, and to honor her last-ing memory. Alexandra ‘‘Sandy’’ Breslin has left an indelible mark on the State of Con-necticut, the Town of Bethany, and in the hearts of all of those fortunate enough to have known and worked with her. Though her pres-ence will be deeply missed, hers is a legacy that will continue to inspire generations of ac-tivists and advocates to come. 
f 
EXPRESSING CONDOLENCES TO THE VICTIMS OF THE TER-RORIST ATTACK IN LONDON AND SOLIDARITY WITH THE PEOPLE OF ENGLAND 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the lives of the innocent victims of the horrific attack that took place in London this past weekend. Seven lives were cut short and dozens more people were injured by the outrageous and heinous acts of terror that shocked the people of London and the world. At this terrible time, our hearts and prayers are with the victims and their loved ones. Our gratitude and appreciation goes to the first responders, the intelligence community and all those who selflessly risked their lives and worked together to prevent the terror from spreading farther. We stand in unyielding solidarity with the people of England, which like the United States, stands against the dark forces that put our way of life at risk. England will emerge from this and other re-cent attacks as a stronger nation that remains committed to the values and principles that have made the city a key player in commerce, human rights and democracy. London has been a world leader in the march of human progress in the arts, culture, science, democratic theory and governance, and in embracing the challenges and opportu-nities of the modern world. Those who think that they can terrorize the people of England or the values that the west-ern world cherishes underestimate a nation that has a long history of prevailing against far more sinister and lethal adversaries. And they will again, but they will not con-front these adversaries alone. They will be joined by the United States and the other countries of the civilized world. As London recovers and responds, I hope its people and the loved ones of the victims can find comfort in the knowledge that the people in the United States stand in solidarity with them. The attacks in England are a reminder of the common threat the free, democratic, and peace loving nations of the world face from those who violently reject the values and norms of our civilized society. The attacks highlight the extent to which en-emies of our shared values are willing to go to threaten the liberties and freedoms enjoyed by those of us living in free societies. Those responsible for the attacks should make no mistake; they will be held account-able for their horrific actions against humanity. And as has been done many times through-out the long and special relationship between the United States and England, we will face and overcome threats to our way of life to-gether. We will not bow and will never break; we will not falter or fail. We will respond. We will endure. We will overcome. The horrible and heinous acts of terrorists are their responsibility and theirs alone, and for which they can be assured that they alone will be held accountable. But that will come another day; today I ask a moment of silence for the victims killed and injured in the terrorist attacks in London. f 
ZACHARY SALAS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Zachary Salas for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Zachary Salas is a student at Bear Creek K–8 School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Zachary Salas is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Zachary Salas for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
HONORING CALIFORNIA HUMAN DEVELOPMENT 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor California Human Devel-opment, as they celebrate their 50th Anniver-sary this year. This important community orga-nization has played a vital role in fighting pov-erty across northern California and will con-tinue to help struggling Californians for years to come. California Human Development (CHD) is a non-profit, human services provider waging the War on Poverty. Founded in 1967, and in-spired by labor icon Cesar Chavez, the origi-nal focus of CHD was to assist migrant and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.021 E06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE766 June 6, 2017 
seasonal farmworkers by providing training and workforce development services. Over the past five decades, CHD has expanded its role and now serves not only farmworkers, but also people from many different backgrounds. Their patrons include seniors, addiction recovery pa-tients, immigrants seeking to be part of the American Dream, adults living with disabilities, and many more. CHD has seen incredible success during their past fifty years. Today they serve com-munity members across thirty-one northern California counties. CHD operates twelve com-munity-based farmworker services offices and four Anthony Soto Training Centers, providing jobs and training to their patrons and empow-ering them to achieve self-sufficiency. Addi-tionally, CHD provides jobs programs, afford-able housing options, immigration and citizen-ship application services, disability services and addiction recovery programs. All told, CHD serves over 25,000 people across north-ern California. Mr. Speaker, California Human Develop-ment creates opportunities for people from all walks of life and this year celebrates fifty years and over 500,000 lives changed. There-fore, it is fitting and proper that we honor them here today. 
f 
IN HONOR OF GREGG ALLMAN 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an outstanding artist and homegrown legend, the late great Gregg Allman. Sadly, on Saturday, May 27, 2017, Gregg passed away peacefully at his home in Savannah, Georgia. A private funeral was held in his hometown of Macon, Georgia on Satur-day, June 3, 2017 and he was laid to rest at Macon’s Rose Hill Cemetery beside his broth-er and bandmate, Duane Allman, and bandmate, Berry Oakley. Born in the ‘‘Music City’’ of Nashville, Ten-nessee, Gregg Allman’s connection to music runs deep. Appropriately, it was a concert in Nashville with Jackie Wilson, Otis Redding, B.B. King, and Patti LaBelle that jumpstarted Gregg’s passion for music. Though he is best known as a keyboardist and singer, he also performed on acoustic guitar, which he learned to play from a neighbor. He worked as a paperboy to buy his first Silverstone guitar, which he and his brother often fought to play. Ultimately, it was Duane who became the paramount guitar player of the family. Gregg and Duane Allman formed a series of bands in cities ranging from Los Angeles to Jacksonville to Muscle Shoals, Alabama. Eventually, in Daytona Beach, they formed what is considered their first ‘‘real’’ band, the Escorts, which later evolved into the Allman Joys. Then in 1969, the Allman Brothers Band officially formed and moved to Macon, Geor-gia, captivating a generation of music lovers with their distinctive sound. Songs such as ‘‘Whipping Post,’’ ‘‘Ramblin’ Man,’’ and ‘‘Mid-night Rider’’ helped define what is known as Southern rock and set the stage for other mu-sicians such as Lynyrd Skynyrd and the Mar-shall Tucker Band. In October 1971, Gregg’s brother Duane was killed in a motorcycle accident in Macon. One year later, the band’s bassist, Berry Oak-ley also died in a motorcycle accident just a few blocks from where Duane lost his life. Music was the best release the band mem-bers found, so they continued performing and recording over the next four decades. Throughout the years, the band dismantled and reformed several times, allowing Gregg to produce a few solo albums and even one with his former wife, Cher. Eventually, the Allman Brothers Band regrouped for the final time in 1989 and continued performing until 2014. As a member of the Allman Brothers Band, Gregg Allman was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 1995. He was also in-ducted into the Georgia Music Hall of Fame in 2006 and received the Lifetime Achievement Award at the 2012 Grammy Awards. Those who knew Gregg personally spoke fondly of him, describing him as a jokester and a man with a kind heart. Gregg Allman is survived by his wife, Shan-non, five children, and three grandchildren. Not surprisingly, several of his children have played music professionally. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Con-gressional District in recognizing Gregg Allman for his remarkable accomplishments as a pio-neering and world-renowned musician. His timeless talent and everlasting legacy live on in the hearts of those who loved him and will continue to be remembered by generations to come. 
f 
BATTLE OF MIDWAY 
HON. TED POE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, after his victory over Pearl Harbor, when asked why he wasn’t celebrating, Japanese Admiral Yamamoto replied, ‘‘I fear all we have done is to awaken a sleeping giant and fill him with a terrible resolve.’’ Admiral Yamamoto was right, and he felt the terrible resolve of this giant on June 4, 1942 at the Battle of Midway. Midway was an important battle in the Pacific theater: it was the turning point that put the United States in an offensive position to take on the Empire of Japan. Those of the Greatest Gen-eration proved that when the peace of this na-tion is threatened, our people will stand up and fight, bringing the thunder of God upon our enemies. Japan’s goal at Midway Island was to de-stroy and ambush the remainder of our fleet in hopes of invading Hawaii. In the early morning on June 4th, Japan launched its attack on Midway by bombing the island. This strategy proved to be ineffective. In response, the three U.S. carriers—Enterprise, Hornet and York- town—launched fighters and bombers against the Japanese fleet and sank all four Japanese carriers Akagi, Kaga, Soryu and Hiryu. These four Japanese aircraft carriers were the same carriers that attacked Pearl Harbor six months earlier. Over the next two days, the Imperial Japanese Navy suffered the loss of four air-craft carriers and hundreds of pilots—pilots that had bombed Pearl Harbor. Japan’s defeat at Midway began America’s drive on toward Tokyo. On that day, over 300 American sailors gave their lives for our country. It was Japan’s first defeat of WWII. The victory at Midway was in part due to American intelligence, US codebreakers. These codebreakers were able to decipher the Japanese radio code called JN–25b, which enabled Pacific Fleet Commander and Texan, Admiral Chester W. Nimitz, to learn of their exact plans of attack. Admiral Nimitz gained valuable intel leading up to the battle, includ-ing the logistics and timing of the attack. As a result of the Navy codebreakers Admiral Nim-itz was able to reconstruct the Japanese plan of attack in detail. Like Admiral Nimitz, there were other great Texans who helped contribute to the victory at Midway. Baytown resident Ronnie Anderson told me the story of his dad, James Wyatt An-derson who served during this time. SF3/C James Anderson was a twelve year Naval vet-eran of both World War II and the Korean War. He served in the United States Navy on the survey ship, the USS Bowditch. He sur-veyed many invasion sites, including the Mar-shall Islands, Iwo Jima, and Okinawa. Midway Island was the only overseas assignment where SF3/C James Anderson was able to bring his family. Ronnie said, living on Midway Island, was like living in a kids paradise, espe-cially for a 10 year old boy. Much of Ronnie’s time was spent playing war games in the bunkers with the left over mortars and with anti-aircraft shells. Ronnie has several artifacts from the Battle of Midway including a 40mm brass shell and a mortar tube which are great mementos of childhood treasure hunts. Throughout the years, Ronnie passed down eventful island stories to his children and grandchildren. Now Ronnie’s 15 year old grandson, Asher Isaacks, has become fas-cinated with the Battle of Midway and hopes to one day take his grandfather back to the is-land. Unfortunately, Midway has been closed to tourism by the U.S. Department of Fish and Wildlife due to budget constraints. It is now a bird sanctuary because of its ecosystem with little to no predators. The island is home to birds, such as the Short-tailed Albatross ‘‘Gooney Birds’’, Masked Booby, and Great Frigatebird. The history of the island is as great as the birds that live there. Midway was claimed for the United States by Captain N.C. Brookes in 1859 and formally annexed in 1867. Originally, the island was meant to be a coal depot; however, this never came to be. In 1903, President Theodore Roosevelt placed the island under the control of the Navy. The island became a link in the Hawaii-Guam seg-ment of the first transpacific submarine cable. The name ‘‘Midway’’ comes from the island being half the distance from the U.S. and Japan. As we observe the 75th Anniversary of the Battle of Midway, it is vital we remember he-roes like Admiral Chester Nimitz and James Anderson and give Americans, like Ronnie An-derson, the opportunity to return to Midway Is-land. On Monday, June 5th at 1:30pm, the United States Navy Memorial in Washington D.C. held the 75th Anniversary of the Battle of Midway Commemoration Ceremony. They cre-ated the Naval ‘‘Sea of White’’, wreath laying ceremony, and played the live stream from the USS Midway Commemoration Ceremony. The importance of this epic battle is a part history made by the ‘‘Greatest Generation’’. And that’s just the way it is. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.023 E06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE767 June 6, 2017 
HONORING JOHN BRADLEY 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a very special person, Mr. John Bradley, of Bath County, Kentucky. Mr. Bradley volunteered to serve in the United States Army and began basic training August 4, 1948. He trained in Food Service School. He served at Fort Knox and Yoko-hama, Japan before being sent to Pusan, South Korea in 1950. His unit later moved northward to Seoul, where he oversaw the field kitchen, feeding 500 soldiers. Gunfire was constant, both day and night. Mr. Bradley’s time of service was extended for 9 months. While he was serving, his moth-er died and his daughter was born. He was discharged on May 10, 1952 and returned home to meet his 2-year-old daughter for the first time. During his time in Korea, Mr. Bradley was awarded the Korean War Occupation Medal, five Bronze Stars, a Merit Unit Citation, a Good Conduct Medal, and the Korean Service Medal. Upon returning home, Mr. Bradley farmed and provided for his family. He is an active member of his community. Mr. Bradley and his wife Edith have been married over 68 years. Mr. Bradley and so many other men and women volunteered to serve our great nation in the United States military. His sacrifice is appreciated by a grateful nation. Mr. Bradley is truly an American patriot. I am honored to recognize Mr. John Bradley before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO JOSHELLE HARGUS 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate and honor a young student from my district who has achieved national recognition for exemplary volunteer service in her commu-nity. Joshelle Hargus of Aurora has just been named one of the distinguished finalists in Missouri by The 2017 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program, an annual honor conferred on the most impressive student vol-unteers in each state and the District of Co-lumbia. Ms. Hargus is being recognized for being the creator of ‘‘Joshelle’s Funky Flip Flops,’’ making more than 500 pairs of handmade flip flops since 2008 and using her earnings from her sales to buy shoes and clothes for 100 kids in need. Inspired to help by a kinder-garten classmate’s only pair of torn-up shoes, Ms. Hargus has gone on to sell her flip flops at craft shows and spread the word about her cause through events and media appear-ances. It’s vital that we encourage and support the kind of selfless contribution this young citizen has made. Young volunteers like Ms. Hargus are inspiring examples to all of us, and are among our brightest hopes for a better tomor-row. The program that brought this young role model to our attention—The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards—was created by Pru-dential Financial in partnership with the Na-tional Association of Secondary School Prin-cipals in 1995 to impress upon all youth volun-teers that their contributions are critically im-portant and highly valued, and to inspire other young people to follow their example. Over the past 22 years, the program has become the nation’s largest youth recognition effort based solely on community service, and has honored more than 115,000 young volunteers at the local, state and national level. Ms. Hargus should be extremely proud to have been singled out from the thousands of dedicated volunteers who participated in this year’s program. I wish Ms. Hargus luck with all her future endeavors, and urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating her on this mo-mentous achievement. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 50TH COMMENCEMENT OF SPRING-FIELD TECHNICAL COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
HON. RICHARD E. NEAL 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, on June 1st, I had the honor to address Springfield Technical Community College (STCC) class of 2017 as their commencement speaker. In my speech below, I explained to the students, faculty, and families assembled that a quality education and working together toward a common pur-pose, you can accomplish great outcomes even in challenging moments. I want to thank President John B. Cook for his gracious intro-duction and commend him on his outstanding leadership as STCC celebrates their 50th an-niversary. I also want to particularly recognize the over 1000 students of the graduation class of 2017 on completing this important step in their education. I wish them all the best in their future endeavors. ‘‘Good evening President Cook, parents, friends and guests. And of course Springfield Technical Community College class of 2017. Or as you are affectionately known in our community in the highest regard—STCC. We define community as a place where no one is to be abandoned and no one is to be left be-hind. I am honored to have been chosen to de-liver the commencement address for STCC’s 50th commencement—or as your neighbors on Federal Street, Merriam-Webster, would say, your ‘quinquagenarian.’ The story of STCC begins with the decision of Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara to close the Springfield Armory. In history, it was known as the arsenal at Springfield. Estab-lished by General George Washington and ad-ministered by his trusted aide General Henry Knox. The college is located on at least three historic sites—the Knox Trail, Ben Franklin’s mail route, and the site of Daniel Shays Re-bellion which helped bring about the establish-ment of the United States Constitution, of which the convening is 230 years old as of last Thursday. However, when Secretary McNamara an-nounced his decision to close the Armory, he waived off the emotion and sentiments of the day and stood firm in his determination. Con-sternation, and some even predicted, calamity, would be the result of the Secretary’s deci-sion. A sense of despair settled in with the loss of hundreds of manufacturing jobs. A polar-izing debate began over whether or not to use the site in an attempt to secure a different commercial purpose or to use the site for edu-cation. Today, coincidentally, both missions have been accomplished. A reminder, once again, that in every crisis there is opportunity. The dream began with the vision of Edmund Garvey, who had been the principal of Spring-field Trade High School. A decision was reached to build an addition to Trade High School, which would be called Springfield Technical Institute. Edmund Garvey’s concept would be championed by other notables in our community including then-Springfield Mayor Charles V. Ryan (who actually handed me my high school diploma), Joseph Deliso, a promi-nent titan of industry, and Representative An-thony M. Scibelli, Chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee. Refusing to be turned back by the usual voices and forces of pessimism and doubt, with alacrity and unyielding determination, they created the only technical community college in Massachusetts. Recall that it was also an-other native son of Springfield, Governor Fos-ter Furcolo (whose father’s doctor’s offices still stand on south Main Street) to create the community college system in Massachusetts. This evening, we acknowledge their conceptualization. How simple but how impor-tant—provide education to students in the community so that they might see beyond themselves and give back to humanity. They predicted the best way to accomplish that goal was to provide a quality education that can translate into opportunity and the dig-nity that comes with a good job. And not just any job`—one that supports our security, our healthcare, our infrastructure, and our social needs. Although their focus was to create a tech-nical community college, they did something else along the way: they knew how to get a big idea accomplished. Opportunity is still the theme that is much woven into the fabric of this college’s culture. The grounds the community college stands on today has been part of our community for more than two centuries, where it once housed soldiers, guardsman and industrial might. Today it is home to optimism and deter-mination. There were strong disagreements at the time among community members as to what to do with this historic site. Persistence, pa-tience and positivity was the foundation of STCC’s birth. In hindsight, the founder’s unwavering cour-age was both warranted and wise. Com-promises were reached and with the help of Congressman Edward P. Boland, my prede-cessor, the decision was made to establish next to the Community College a national his-toric site, ‘‘The Springfield Armory’’ which today is visited by tens of thousands of peo-ple. It is the home to the famous gun rack im-mortalized in Longfellow’s poem. This 50th anniversary is a great example of how we work with our colleagues, community leaders and peers to accomplish extraordinary outcomes that help to lift the clouds of de-spair. Much of this was accomplished in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.026 E06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE768 June 6, 2017 
crucible of public life. And remember, as these founders understood, democracy is supposed to be noisy. But then we move to the next plane of achievement. Just as Holmes said, it is conflict that is the core of life, but it is co-operation that brought about this outcome. As the Democratic leader of the Ways and Means Committee, I work closely on policies that directly impact our economy and Amer-ica’s middle class: trade, health care, taxes and Social Security. One of our tasks is to take on the issues that will have far reaching consequences on the United States economy, revising the tax code and our nation’s trade policies to provide greater opportunity for those of you assembled here this evening. I can assure you that the degree you receive tonight is more critical than ever. While we speak of income inequality, and greater con-centration of wealth in America, we also should be reminded that the unemployment rate among college graduates in America today is under 4%. Our economy has undergone major trans-formations. It has created companies that are highly competitive in the global marketplace. Unfortunately, our workforce has not always adapted and too many workers have been left behind. Globalization, skill-set, decline of pri-vate sector unionism and technological ad-vances have been contributing factors in this. It has created what we know today as a ‘‘skills gap.’’ Companies have well-paying jobs to fill, but eager workers simply don’t have what’s needed to qualify for the 650,000 technology jobs available even as we convene this evening. Your accomplishment tonight will be critical to closing the skills-gap and provide in-centive to employers for people who want work. And people want to go to work! The education you received at STCC has emphasized the marriage of training and edu-cation. It has set you on a course for good jobs that are desperately needed and are an important part of economic policy debates. While state and local leaders hammer out poli-cies that have direct ties to jobs, there needs to be a parallel discussion with community col-leges and employers so we can make these policies a reality. Whatever the education chal-lenges we face—economics and socializa-tion—community colleges will be a profound part of the answer. We can pass all the infra-structure and health packages in the world, but if there aren’t workers to carry out those policies, we would have accomplished little. Right here in New England, a recent New England Council/Deloitte Study estimates that over the next decade 20,000 precision manu-facturing jobs could go unanswered. There needs to be a serious discussion— not excitable language—between employers, community leaders and our workforce. Com-munity colleges can provide the bridge be-tween an eager, willing, gifted workforce and employers desperate for skilled employees. A commitment from them to invest in technical and community colleges and apprenticeship programs is an important first step. Institutions like STCC can design curriculum and intern-ship programs to ensure students can receive the skills and education they need that em-ployers are seeking. But in order to provide these classes, intern-ships and apprenticeships, the private sector and Congress need to work together to pro-vide incentives similar to the Community Col-lege Partnership Tax Credit, which would pro-vide employers with a tax credit for hiring community college graduates. This would en-courage business engagement in the commu-nity and provide students with opportunities to find good paying jobs upon graduation. Experience always informs our judgement. It will help shape your understanding and ulti-mately encourage others to enter the world you plan to thrive in. On a personal note, let me tell you bluntly, the world responds more to aspiration than it does to grievance. Be proud of your accomplishments and your work. I tell you this: your talent, skill, and achievements are as important if not more to federal, state and local policy discussions. Let me acknowledge the faculty this evening. You lend experience and teaching talents to help students reach their potential. And as I have always noted, when you reach your potential, your potential expands. Today’s economy is certainly complex. The conversation between our workforce and em-ployers requires serious commitment to our community college system. As you move for-ward into the next step of career choices or additional education, accept the challenge you so proudly have earned to see your ambition as central to the new economy. Stay engaged. We need your voice and your talent. Have a dream, but have a plan. The STCC founding and experience was born in doubt. But on this 50th anniversary, STCC has risen to become an extraordinary achievement be-cause the founders had a dream and they had a plan. I mentioned earlier the site on which STCC sits has been home to events that have shaped world history. General Washington shaped history; General Knox shaped history; Ben Franklin shaped history; Daniel Shays shaped history; the Springfield Rifle shaped history; John Garand’s invention shaped his-tory. STCC has shaped history and tonight your pledge should be to shape history, too. Thank you President Cook, the Board of Trustees, the faculty, and the students at STCC. And of course, your families who helped make this evening possible. You say it best—STCC works. Congratulations from the United States of America.’’ 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LAUREN LORIA 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to acknowledge one of my constituents from Chantilly, Virginia, Young Marine Master Gun-nery Sergeant, Lauren Loria, for her exem-plary service to our community and our armed forces. This past weekend, Young Marine Loria had the unique opportunity to dedicate a bench at Ellanor C. Lawrence Park to Medal of Honor Recipient Colonel Wesley Fox. Lauren Loria joined the Young Marines in 2009; the day she turned 8 years old. During her time as a Young Marine, she has consist-ently met her goals and objectives. She has documented 1,284 volunteer community serv-ice hours, participating in programs such as Homes for the Troops, Young Eagles Rally, Honor Flight Color Guards, STEM functions, Wreaths Across America, and Sobriety Check-points with MADD. She has also received 259 hours of Drug Demand Reduction/Prevention instruction, which includes peer education training and counseling, and she has attended all three Leadership Schools offered by the Young Marines, including the National Leader-ship Academy. Lastly, she has received seven Gold Lamp awards, an annual academic achievement for obtaining a 3.5 GPA or high-er. Now 16 years old, Young Marine Loria will be moving on to Freedom High School to complete her high school education, and I wish her the best of luck in all of her future endeavors. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my col-leagues join me in extending our sincerest recognition and gratitude to Young Marine Loria for all she has done for our community and our nation. f 
VICTORIA CORRAL-HERNANDEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Victoria Cor-ral-Hernandez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Victoria Corral-Hernandez is a student at Ar-vada High School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Victoria Corral-Hernandez is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Vic-toria Corral-Hernandez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. SUSAN A. DAVIS 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, May 25, 2017, my vote was not re-corded due to a technical error. I intended to vote YES on H.R. 1761 the Protecting Against Child Exploitation Act. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. ANDREW LOEB SHOENIG UPON HIS DEPARTURE FROM WASHINGTON 
HON. CHARLES W. DENT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ex-press my great appreciation for a tremendous service that has been rendered to the Con-gress by Andrew Loeb Shoenig in his capacity as International Programs Director of the Con-gressional Study Groups. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.028 E06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE769 June 6, 2017 
As you are aware, the Congressional Study Groups are the premier international projects administered by the U.S. Association of Former Members of Congress, and they are the most active and substantive bipartisan ex-change involving the U.S. Congress and legis-lative branches of another country. Mr. Shoenig has been an integral part of the Study Group’s outstanding success for almost six years. He worked tirelessly to enable Members to have a productive and fruitful dia-logue with colleagues in the legislatures of Germany, Japan, Turkey, and the E.U. His ef-fective leadership has resulted in the creation of a network of colleagues who have an ave-nue of discourse, so that the many important international issues that affect our constitu-encies can be addressed in a constructive and positive manner. In addition to expressing the appreciation of my colleagues in Congress, I wish to add that on a personal note, it has been a great pleas-ure working with Andy over the past six years during my chairmanship of the Congressional Study Group on Germany. He is an excep-tional professional who has delivered to Mem-bers an incredibly valuable and effective serv-ice. He is leaving Washington to earn his Mas-ter’s Degree in Public Administration at the University of North Carolina, and we wish him much success as he pursues this new oppor-tunity. 
f 
HONORING CLEOPATHIA MOORE- BELL 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor West Modesto/King Kennedy Neighborhood Collaborative Execu-tive Director Cleopathia Moore-Bell, who has announced her retirement after numerous years of dedicated service. In addition to being a founding member of the Christ Unity Baptist Church in 1991, Ms. Moore-Bell took the initiative to create the Stanislaus Multicultural Community Health Co-alition/West Modesto King Kennedy Neighbor-hood Collaborative. She pioneered this move-ment because she felt the need to captivate and motivate community residents to become more involved with refining the community’s health. Thanks to her dedication to her com-munity, this movement was able to serve as a blueprint for the Stanislaus County Public Health’s involvement with Partnership for the Public’s Health (PPH). From the partnership with PPH, Mobilizing for Action through Plan-ning and Partnerships (MAPP) was born. Through this, Ms. Moore-Bell was once again able to become an active participant engaging in all aspects of health care, community, and government, unifying them to plan a strategy on how to tackle critical health and safety af-fairs in communities. Ms. Moore-Bell continues to be committed to her community by advocating for the im-provement of health for children and families. Specifically, she focuses on assisting low-in-come and multicultural populations. She cur-rently serves on the Chief Executive Office (CEO) Stewardship Council for ‘‘Focus on Pre-vention,’’ which is a project designed to draw a spotlight on homelessness, strengthening families, increasing education attainment, and improving health. It is evident that Cleopathia has a passion to go above and beyond in her field. Her work exemplifies a spirit that is full of joy, optimism, and progress and inspires all who worked with her to create a better community. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and commending Cleopathia Moore-Bell for her many years of service, devotion, and out-standing contributions to public health in her community. We wish her continued success in her retirement. f 
HONORING REV. PATRICK OLIVER LINDSEY FOR 25 YEARS OF SERVICE AS LEAD PASTOR OF GREATER BIBLEWAY MIS-SIONARY BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. JOHN CONYERS, JR. 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. CONYERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my colleagues, Representatives D
EBBIE DINGELL and B RENDA LAWRENCE , to recognize the outstanding service that Rev. Patrick Oliver Lindsey has provided to the Greater Bibleway Missionary Baptist Church in Detroit, Michigan, over the past 25 years. For years, this church has been a pillar in the Detroit community, providing more than just spiritual guidance. At the helm has been stalwart lead Pastor Lindsey, who has served tirelessly to ensure the needs of his congrega-tion are met. In June 1992, when Pastor Lindsey assumed the pastorate, he was charged with cultivating the congregation’s spiritual growth and development, while over-seeing the implementation of the ministry’s strategic plan and directing the administration of the church’s ecclesiastical and business af-fairs. Pastor Lindsey successfully spear-headed Phase 1 of the church’s building project—a complete renovation of the existing facilities, and he founded the Rev. CJ Hender-son Scholarship, which provides students with financial support in their pursuit of higher edu-cation. Pastor Lindsey has been a tireless servant, not only to his church, but to the entire Detroit Metropolitan Community. Pastor Lindsey vol-unteers his time to serve in a multitude of leadership roles in community organizations such as: Vice Moderator of the Pleasant Grove Baptist District Association, Board Chair of Community-in-Schools of Metropolitan De-troit, and is a board member of the Urban League of Detroit and Southeast Michigan. He is also a member of the Alpha Phi Alpha Fra-ternity, Inc., and the University of Michigan Alumni Association. Pastor Lindsey was born to Deacon John (deceased) and Ida Lindsey, and raised on the eastside of Detroit. He was educated in Detroit and Highland Park Public School systems and matriculated to the University of Michigan where he graduated in 1981 with a Bachelor’s degree in Political Science. He is married to another spiritual servant, his wife Kathy, and they have two wonderful children: Kendall (a junior at University of Michigan) and Kaylyn (a sophomore at Wayne State University). Pastor Lindsey currently serves as Vice President of Government and Community Af-fairs at Wayne State University. In this posi-tion, he oversees the federal and state affairs offices, which support the University’s goals and strategic plan by working with key stake-holders to ensure adequate funding for the in-stitution’s more than 27,000 students enrolled in its 13 schools and colleges. As you can see, Pastor Lindsey’s reach has no bounds. His is truly, first of all, a servant of all. On Saturday, June 10, 2017, he will be honored by the Greater Bibleway Missionary Baptist Church. Today, we urge our col-leagues to join us in honoring Pastor Lindsey’s selfless leadership in the church and in his community over the past 25 years. f 
RECOGNIZING CARMELLA SABAUGH 
HON. SANDER M. LEVIN 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ex-press my gratitude to Carmella Sabaugh, who retired from her position as Macomb County Clerk at the beginning of this year. This week she is being honored for her 40 years of dis-tinguished public service. Carmella Sabaugh began her public career in 1975, when as a young mother of 5 children she was elected to the Warren City Council. She was elected as Warren City Clerk in 1979, a position she held for 11 years, and in 1992, she was elected as Macomb County Clerk. She was subsequently re-elected as County Clerk five times, and chose not to run again in 2016. As Macomb County Clerk, Carmella was singularly focused on providing model cus-tomer service, and worked with her office’s team of committed public employees to intro-duce innovations which made citizens’ inter-actions with the Clerk’s office as simple as possible. During Carmella’s 24 years as Clerk, her office received 65 Achievement Awards from the National Association of Counties (NACo). These awards highlight innovative programs instituted at the local level, and the programs are shared with clerks around the country as models they can look to as they seek to improve their own operations. Among her many accomplishments, Carmella and her team made it easier for peo-ple to register and exercise their right to vote, created programs to help prevent real estate and other fraud, brought innovations to the op-eration of the jury room at the Macomb Coun-ty Circuit Court, and created county photo ID cards for veterans and a program to help vet-eran’s survivors access benefits. And over the years, as new technology and other ways to improve the operation of the Clerk’s office be-came available, Carmella made sure that her office never stopped innovating. Two exam-ples related to awards the Clerk’s office re-ceived from NACo help to illustrate Carmella’s commitment to using new advances to mod-ernize her office, even if that advance re-placed something which just a few years ear-lier had been recognized as a best practice. In 2010, the County Clerk’s office received an award for providing jurors waiting to be called for duty to receive pagers so that they could be notified that they were due in court. In 2016, the office received an award for using 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.031 E06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE770 June 6, 2017 
text messages to do the same thing. And in 2005, the Macomb County Clerk’s office was recognized for providing free bus rides to ju-rors, while in 2016, they received an award for providing jurors with Uber rides to the court. Those who know Carmella Sabaugh well, as I do, know that her excellence in public serv-ice is matched by the quality of her friendship. In the many years I have known her, I have deeply appreciated her warmth, kindness, and generosity of spirit. Mr. Speaker, Carmella Sabaugh provided the people of Macomb County with truly out-standing service for 40 years. I encourage my colleagues to join me in expressing deep ap-preciation for all she has done, and in wishing her well in retirement. 
f 
HONORING JERRY THATCHER 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life of a very special Kentuckian, Mr. Jerry Thatcher. Mr. Thatcher spent 34 years as an educator in Bath County, Kentucky. He taught at Bethel Elementary and Bath County Middle School. He served as assistant principal at Owingsville Elementary School and as principal at Cross-roads Elementary School. Mr. Thatcher also coached soccer, basketball, and tennis and sponsored the Beta Club and many science fairs. He was passionate about education and was a lasting influence on countless lives. Following his retirement in 2016, Mr. Thatcher became involved in the Kentucky Pa-triot Guard Riders. While returning from his third mission, he tragically lost his life in an accident. He is survived by his wife Melanie, two sons, and two grandchildren. In memory of his exemplary life, a stretch of US 60 be-tween two of the schools he served is being name the ‘‘Jerry Thatcher Memorial Highway.’’ Mr. Thatcher was a passionate educator, dedicated family man, follower of Christ, and patriotic American. I am honored to recognize the life of Mr. Jerry Thatcher before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO MEREDITH SHARP 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate and honor a young student from my district who has achieved national recognition for exemplary volunteer service in her commu-nity. Meredith Sharp of Springfield has just been named one of the top honorees in Mis-souri by The 2017 Prudential Spirit of Commu-nity Awards program, an annual honor con-ferred on the most impressive student volun-teers in each state and the District of Colum-bia. Ms. Sharp is being recognized for raising over $13,000 to provide new athletic shoes for all 311 students at a local elementary school in a low-income area of Springfield. She cre-ated a nonprofit organization called ‘‘Just for. Kicks,’’ then began seeking donations in per-son and by mail from relatives, neighbors and business leaders. While she had hoped to col-lect enough money to buy shoes for one class of kids, she had collected enough for an entire school in just a matter of months. It’s vital that we encourage and support the kind of selfless contribution this young citizen has made. Young volunteers like Ms. Sharp are inspiring examples to all of us, and are among our brightest hopes for a better tomor-row. The program that brought this young role model to our attention—The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards—was created by Pru-dential Financial in partnership with the Na-tional Association of Secondary School Prin-cipals in 1995 to impress upon all youth volun-teers that their contributions are critically im-portant and highly valued, and to inspire other young people to follow their example. Over the past 22 years, the program has become the nation’s largest youth recognition effort based solely on community service, and has honored more than 115,000 young volunteers at the local, state and national level. Ms. Sharp should be extremely proud to have been singled out from the thousands of dedicated volunteers who participated in this year’s program. I wish Ms. Sharp luck with all her future endeavors, and urge my colleagues to join me in congratulating her on this mo-mentous achievement. f 
VICTORIA M CCOLLUM 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Victoria McCollum for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Victoria McCollum is a student at Arvada West High School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Victoria McCollum is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Vic-toria McCollum for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
LT. COL. AND STAFF 
HON. VICKY HARTZLER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize United States Air Force Lieuten-ant Colonel Molly Nelson and her entire Vet-erans Affairs staff. Lt. Col. Nelson is a Doctor in the Missouri VA Clinic and has dedicated her life to healing and helping veterans who have risked their lives for our country. Lt. Col. Nelson and her staff continuously go the extra mile for our veterans to make sure they get immediate and effective care. I am honored to share my gratitude and respect for this Missouri Clinic and their dedication and compassion are an inspiration to us all. f 
HONORING THEA MEI LEE, DEP-UTY CHIEF OF STAFF FOR THE AFL–CIO ON THE OCCASION OF HER RETIREMENT 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, along with my colleagues, P
ETER A. D EFAZIO, D
EBBIE DINGELL , KEITH ELLISON , MARCY KAP-
TUR, BARBARA LEE, SANDER M. L EVIN, JAMES  P. M
CGOVERN , B ILLPASCRELL Jr., M ARK P
OCAN , and R OBERT C. ‘‘B OBBY ’’ SCOTT . It is our honor to join the many family, friends, and colleagues in extending our deepest thanks and appreciation to Thea Mei Lee, as she marks her retirement as Deputy Chief of Staff at the AFL–CIO. Over the past twenty years, Thea has made an indelible impact on the AFL–CIO, fighting for trade and economic policies for working families that would promote shared prosperity and sustainable growth. Thea began working for the AFL–CIO in March 1997 as the Assist-ant Director for the Trade Task Force, and was subsequently promoted to the positions of Director of Public Policy, Chief International Economist and Deputy Chief of Staff. Thea led the fight against harmful trade agreements and policies negotiated in a man-ner damaging to working people’s interests, in-cluding the North American Free Trade agree-ment, the Central American Free Trade Agree-ment, Permanent Normal Trade Relations with China, the World Trade Organization; the U.S.-Colombia Free Trade Agreement, the U.S.-Korea Free Trade Agreement, the U.S.- China BIT, and many others. Her work was instrumental to the defeat of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the Free Trade Agreement of the Americas, and the Multilat-eral Investment Agreement—harmful trade agreements that would have advanced profits over people and the planet. She has testified on behalf of America’s working people before both the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate. And, she has contributed valued work to the con-versation around fair trade, including co-au-thoring A Field Guide to the Global Economy. She has often made the case for a fair and inclusive economy—eloquently and passion-ately on the PBS News Hour, CNN, Good Morning America, and NPR’s All Things Con-sidered among others. In 2013, she was named a ‘‘Top Lobbyist’’ by The Hill. Thea has fought to ensure that all workers around the globe are treated with dignity and afforded fundamental labor rights as recog-nized by the International Labor Organization. And, she has mobilized workers, helping turn out thousands of working people to protest un-just WTO polices at ‘‘The Battle in Seattle.’’ The AFL–CIO sets a national standard in the fight for working Americans, in large part 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.034 E06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE771 June 6, 2017 
because of Thea’s work. She has left her mark on this outstanding organization and a legacy that will continue to inspire others to ensure that fair trade benefits working Ameri-cans. Her career should encourage all elected officials to continue to focus on building a bet-ter, stronger, more inclusive economy for all the people of the United States. We are honored to stand today to extend our heartfelt thanks and congratulations to Thea Lee for her outstanding leadership and good work, as well as our very best wishes for many more years of health and happiness as she enjoys her retirement. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 73RD ANNI-VERSARY OF D-DAY AND RE-MEMBERING THE MEMBERS OF THE GREATEST GENERATION WHO SAVED FREEDOM IN THE WORLD 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, today, June 6, marks the 73rd anniversary of D-Day, the Allied Forces’ audacious amphibious land-ing at Normandy, France, on June 6, 1944. This joint undertaking to liberate the con-tinent of Europe from the clutches of an evil and aggressor enemy was the first and most emphatic demonstration of the invincible strength of democratic nations when acting collectively. For nearly seventy years, from April 4, 1949 to January 20, 2017, peace in Europe has been secured and no adversary, not the old Soviet Union or the contemporary Russian Federation, has dared to risk war by attacking a European ally of the United States because every American president has made clear that the United States is committed to Article V of the North Atlantic Treaty which holds that an attack on any NATO member is regarded as an attack on all of them. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘Operation Overlord,’’ as D- Day was formally known, was the largest sin-gle amphibious assault in the history of war-fare. The success of D-Day, which was far from certain at the outset, led to the liberation of Western Europe, signaled the death knell of the German Wehrmacht, and paved the way to unconditional victory by the Allied Forces over the evils of Nazism, fascism, and Japa-nese imperialism. It is no exaggeration to say that D-Day changed the course of human history. The aim of the meticulously planned D-Day operation was to open a second front in the European war theater from which the Allied Forces could attack the German army and push east to capture Berlin. With the Russian Army advancing from the east, coupled with the southern front opened by the Allied invasion of Italy from North Africa in 1942, the opening of a western front would set in motion the pincer movement that would catch the German Army in a trap from which there would be no escape. The formidable German Army expected that the Allied Forces would try to launch an inva-sion from the western beaches of France. They just did not know when or where. So in anticipation of an Allied invasion, the Nazis constructed the infamous Atlantic Wall, an extensive system of coastal fortifications built along the western coast of Europe and Scandinavia. Under the direction of Field Marshal Rom-mel, the Atlantic Wall was reinforced by the addition of concrete pillboxes built along the beaches to house machine guns, antitank guns and light artillery. Mines and antitank obstacles were planted on the beaches themselves and underwater obstacles and mines were placed in waters just off shore. By the time of the D-Day landing, the Nazis had laid almost six million mines in northern France. And awaiting Allied soldiers who made their way onto and away from the beaches were gun emplacements and minefields extended inland. ‘‘War is hell,’’ said General William Tecum-seh Sherman during the Civil War. And that is an apt description of what await-ed the brave Allied warriors who set sail from England to the beaches of Normandy in the early morning of June 6, 1944, at the begin-ning of what has rightly been called ‘‘The Longest Day.’’ But they were buoyed in their resolve by the millions of prayers from Americans and others back home, of all races, religions, and creeds, invoking the Lord’s blessing, mercy, and grace. With the outcome in doubt, President Frank-lin Roosevelt asked the nation to join him in this solemn prayer: 
Almighty God: Our sons, pride of our na-tion, this day have set upon a mighty en-deavor, a struggle to preserve our Republic, our religion, and our civilization, and to set free a suffering humanity. Lead them straight and true; give strength to their arms, stoutness to their hearts, steadfastness in their faith. They will need Thy blessings. For these men are lately drawn from the ways of peace. They fight not for the lust of conquest. They fight to end conquest. They fight to liberate. They fight to let justice arise, and toler-ance and goodwill among all Thy people. They yearn but for the end of battle, for their return to the haven of home. 
The prayers were needed because the cost of D-Day was high; U.S. casualties on D-Day totaled more than 2,499 dead, 3,184 wound-ed, 1,928 missing, and 26 captured. Our British and Canadian allies suffered ter-rible losses on D-Day as well: approximately 2,700 for the British and 946 for the Cana-dians. German casualties are estimated at 4,000 to 9,000. In total, the number of combatants killed, wounded or missing in the Battle of Normandy for both sides exceeded 425,000, not including the estimated 15,000 to 20,000 French civil-ians killed. But the operation was a success. More than 156,000 troops or paratroopers came ashore on D-Day, 73,000 from the U.S., 83,000 from Great Britain and Canada. By the end of June 11, D-Day plus 5, 326,547 troops, 54,186 vehicles and 104,428 tons of supplies had come ashore. And with them the seeds for the victory in Europe that would come less than a year later, on May 8, 1945, with the fall of Berlin and the unconditional surrender of the Nazis. On the eve of the Normandy invasion, Gen-eral Dwight D. Eisenhower, the Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces, addressed the soldiers, sailors, and airmen of the Allied Expeditionary Forces and said to them that they were about to embark upon a ‘‘Great Crusade,’’ and that the ‘‘eyes of the world’’ were upon them. He told them that their task would not be easy because the ‘‘enemy is well trained, well equipped and battle-hardened. He will fight savagely.’’ But, General Eisenhower said, ‘‘this is the year 1944. The tide has turned. The free men of the world are marching together to victory.’’ And march to victory they did, fully justifying General Eisenhower’s ‘‘confidence in their courage, devotion to duty, and skill in battle.’’ Because of the heroism of these men who willingly risked their lives to be the tip of the spear of liberty, the war was won and a world was saved for freedom. Mr. Speaker, D-Day was, and remains, a day like no other in the history of man’s so-journ on earth. We remember Gettysburg. There, President Lincoln paid tribute to those ‘‘who gave their lives so that the nation might live.’’ It is equally fitting and proper that we never forget D-Day and that we continue to honor those who risked all and gave all so that the world could remain free. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF FLUTONIC HARMONICS FLUTE STUDIO 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a local flute studio and flute choir in my district, Flutonic Harmonics, for their hard work, dedication to the arts, and immense achievements for which they have attained na-tional recognition over the past year. Local choirs and organizations, like Flutonic Harmonics, are vital to engaging our youth and expanding their educational experience beyond the classroom. Flutonic Harmonics is led by my constituent, Michelle Rubis, of Purcellville, Virginia, and under her leadership they have experienced tremendous success. Last year, the flute choir performed before the entire Purcellville Town Council and subsequently at the Universal STARS Performance Program. This annual event takes place at Universal Studios in Or-lando, Florida, and gives some of the nation’s most prestigious marching bands, concert bands, dance teams, choirs, or other per-forming groups the opportunity to showcase their talents on a national stage in front of thousands of Universal Studios visitors. Addi-tionally, this program allows for these young musicians to interact with other talented artists around the country. This coming June, Flutonic Harmonics will be recording their recital and sending it to sev-eral famous venues in New York, Boston, and even Italy for consideration. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring Flutonic Harmonics and Michelle Rubis for their participation in Universal STARS Per-formance Program and for their exemplary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.038 E06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE772 June 6, 2017 
dedication, impressive talent, and noteworthy accomplishments. I wish them all the best in their future endeavors and look forward to seeing all they will accomplish in the years to come. 
f 
HONORING MALCOLM STOKELY 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor a very special individual, Mr. Malcolm Stokely, of Clark County, Kentucky. Mr. Stokely, a part of the Greatest Generation, answered his na-tion’s call to service during World War II. Mr. Stokely enlisted in the United States Army on March 28, 1945. After training in Texas, he was sent to Missouri to board a massive train that transported thousands of troops across the Rocky Mountains to Port-land, Oregon. The troops then boarded a ship, which, unknown to them, was part of a top-se-cret invasion party of hundreds of ships and thousands of troops headed for Japan. While en route, the United States dropped the first atomic bomb on Japan, which was ineffective in stopping the war. After the second bomb was dropped and Japan surrendered, the troops were told they had actually been head-ed for Japan and thousands of them likely would have died in battle. After the surrender, the ships turned around. Mr. Stokely’s ship landed in Hawaii where he served out the re-mainder of his tour in the signal corps. He was discharged on December 9, 1946. Mr. Stokely returned home to lead an active and productive life. At the age of 93, he is a regular on the golf course and leads an aero-bics class. He is very active in his church, Ephesus Baptist, where he serves as a dea-con and choir leader. The bravery of Mr. Stokely and his fellow men and women of the United States military is heroic. Because they were willing to serve our great nation, our freedoms have been pre-served for our generation and for future gen-erations. He is truly an outstanding American patriot. It is my honor to recognize him before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO GRANBY FIRST CHURCH OF GOD 
HON. BILLY LONG 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. LONG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Granby First Church of God on 100 years of service and dedication to the Granby community. Granby First Church of God, which was first known as the ‘‘old rock church,’’ opened its doors in 1917. Since then, the church has wel-comed thousands of people from all different walks of life. When Joplin was hit by a dev-astating tornado in May of 2011, Granby First Church of God didn’t hesitate to open its doors for people outside their community. As people came in to volunteer and help with clean-up, they were allowed to use the Family Life Center as a place to stay. Granby First Church of God is vital to the Granby, Missouri community. I am honored to recognize Granby First Church of God and its dedication to not only southwest Missouri, but the many communities throughout the area. On behalf of Missouri’s 7th Congressional District, I ask all of my col-leagues to join me in congratulating Granby First Church of God on 100 years of service. f 
TIARA SISNEROS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Tiara Sisneros for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Tiara Sisneros is a student at Arvada High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Tiara Sisneros is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Tiara Sisneros for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
HONORING MR. VERNE ALLISON AND THE DELLS 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in honoring the R&B music group, the Dells. Mr. Verne Allison, the last surviving member of the Dells, was visiting Washington, D.C. over the last few days so I wanted to take this opportunity to recognize the group and their outstanding music. Originally from Chicago, Illinois, the Dells formed out of a group of young men still in high school: Marvin Junior, Verne Allison, Johnny Funches, Chuck Barksdale and Mick-ey and Lucius McGill. They originally called themselves the El-Rays, but changed their name to The Dells once they signed with Vee Jay Records in 1955. It was at this record company where they released their hit record-ing, ‘‘Oh What a Night,’’ which, at one point, finished right behind Elvis’ ‘‘Don’t Be Cruel’’ on the music charts. By the early 1960s, with their reach growing, the Dells were able to tour with big artists like Dinah Washington and Ray Charles, opening for them and exposing themselves to much bigger audiences. A soundtrack to the 1960s would not be complete without soulful melodies from groups like the Dells. At a time of constant political and social upheaval, a Washingtonian could turn on the radio and be serenaded with songs like the Dells’ ‘‘Give Your Baby a Standing Ovation’’ and ‘‘Stay in My Corner,’’ a 1965 top 30 R&B hit. Decades passed and the Dells’ music largely adapted. Members of the band remained largely stable. Their final work was the ‘‘The Heart is a House for Love,’’ part of a soundtrack for a movie in 1991. The Dells were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2004. Today, Verne Allison, one of the original members of the Dells, is the band’s only surviving member. While Mr. Allison was in my district, he worked closely with DC Legendary Musicians. This organization works to protect the legacy of D.C. area musicians, past and present, and promote the music of artists from Washington around the globe. Although Mr. Allison and the Dells are from Chicago, DC Legendary Musi-cians recognizes the impact that music from artists like the Dells—who have performed lo-cally at the Howard Theater, Constitution Hall and the Kennedy Center—have had on D.C. and its own music scene and history. Their work is crucial to ensuring this essential part of D.C. culture stays intact. I thank DC Leg-endary Musicians for their contributions to the District. I ask the House of Representatives to join me in honoring Mr. Verne Allison and the Dells. We celebrate their harmonious and soulful music that is part of the rich American tapestry that is Rhythm and Blues. I am very pleased we can still listen to it today. f 
HONORING THE VICTIMS AND HISTORY OF THE MS ‘‘ST. LOUIS’’ 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 78th anniversary of the day that 937 mostly Jewish refugees aboard the MS St. Louis were denied entry to the United States. In the summer of 1939, fleeing unspeakable horrors under Hitler’s regime, men, women, and children set sail in search of refuge. After being denied entry to the United States, Can-ada, and Cuba, many refugees were eventu-ally accepted into several European countries. Over a quarter, however, were not so lucky and lost their lives in concentration camps. The Brooklyn Synagogue Coalition for Refu-gees is one of many Jewish communities across the country that will gather to hold a candlelight vigil to honor the victims and his-tory of this anniversary. At a time when acts of fear and intolerance have dictated policies to yet again shut Amer-ica’s doors to those fleeing harm, we must re-main committed to ensuring that America is and will continue to be a place of hope and second chances. I’d like to thank the Brooklyn Synagogue Coalition for Refugees for their hard work and dedication to the Jewish community. As we re-flect on this tragic occasion, let us recommit to ensuring that no one who is in desperate need is turned away from our country’s shores. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.040 E06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE773 June 6, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. CHRISTOPHER J. QUINN 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dr. Christopher J. Quinn on his selection as President-Elect of the American Optometric Association (AOA). Dr. Quinn will be installed as the AOA’s 96th President dur-ing the 120th Congress of the House of Dele-gates this year. Dr. Quinn’s long-standing involvement with the AOA exemplifies his dedication to the as-sociation and the greater medical community. He has served on the Board of Trustees since 2008 and is a liaison trustee to the Accredita-tion Council on Optometric Education and the American Academy of Optometry. Throughout his career, Dr. Quinn has also been a member of the AOA Federal Relations Committee, the AOA State Government Relations Committee, and has also served as an AOA representa-tive to the American Medical Association’s Re-source Based Relative Value Upstate Com-mittee—Health Care Professionals Advisory Committee. In addition to his experience with the AOA, Dr. Quinn is past president of the New Jersey Society of Optometric Physicians, a Fellow of the American Academy of Optometry and is an adjunct professor at the Pennsylvania Col-lege of Optometry, State University of New York, New England College of Optometry, Uni-versity of California at Berkeley and The Ohio State University. He is also the owner and president of Omni Eye Services in New Jer-sey. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely hope that my col-leagues will join me in congratulating Dr. Quinn as President-Elect of the American Op-tometric Association and thanking him for his commitment to his patients and the field of op-tometry. 
f 
NATIONAL REPUBLIC DAY OF AZERBAIJAN 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the National Republic Day of Azer-baijan commemorating Azerbaijan’s 99th year of independence and democracy. In 1918, Azerbaijan became the first democratic and secular Muslim country in the world. However, in 1920, the country was absorbed into the Soviet Union. After seven decades, Azerbaijan prevailed over the forces of communism to re-store the country’s independence in 1991, fol-lowing the collapse of the Soviet Union. Azer-baijan’s National Republic Day highlights the nation’s significant contributions to global sta-bility, and religious tolerance. As an unwavering U.S. ally, Azerbaijan has provided vital resources for U.S. and NATO forces and fought side-by-side with U.S. troops in Afghanistan. The United States is grateful for Azerbaijan’s security contributions in Afghanistan, Kosovo and Iraq as well as the country’s commitment to global nonprolifera-tion efforts. As a tolerant and secular Muslim-majority nation, Azerbaijan is dedicated to religious plu-ralism and ensuring the right of religious free-dom. Azerbaijan is home to a thriving Jewish community and since the early 1990s, bilateral relations between Azerbaijan and Israel have grown in the fields of intelligence sharing, se-curity coordination and economic develop-ment. I commend Azerbaijan for their participation in the international community as a member of the United Nations (UN), North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE). Azerbaijan is a strong partner of the United States in a strategically important and complex region of the world. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Azerbaijani people on their National Republic Day. f 
RECOGNIZING ‘‘MARY A. WHALEN’’ 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, on the oc-casion of the launch of the NYC Ferry South Brooklyn route, I rise to recognize the 79th birthday of the tanker Mary A. Whalen (The Mary). The Mary was launched in May of 1938, and now serves as a vital community land-mark and asset in Red Hook, Brooklyn. As home to PortSide NewYork, a nonprofit orga-nization, the tanker is a vessel for arts, edu-cation and vocational programs as well as public access to the waterfront. By recognizing the importance of a life of continued learning, PortSide NewYork devel-oped Red Hook WaterStories. As a digital mu-seum, WaterStories is a resource for both locals and visitors to learn about the history and present of the Red Hook Waterfront. PortSide NewYork received a 2013 Cham-pions of Change White House Award for their Superstorm Sandy preparations that protected the Mary followed by creating a pop-up aid station to ensure recovery efforts for the com-munity after the storm. The Mary is listed on the National Register of Historic Places, and is the only oil tanker cultural center in the world. On June 1, 2017, the NYC Ferry will make its maiden journey to Red Hook, pulling up right beside the Mary. I applaud PortSide NewYork for their dedi-cation to serving the communities ashore and afloat, the Red Hook community and the mari-time community of this port. On this joyful day, I wish them many more years of continued learning and success. 
f 
MARK GALLAGHER’S ENDURING LEGACY 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, to-morrow the Gallagher family will lay to rest a beloved husband, father, brother, grandfather and great grandfather—Mark Gallagher. I worked with Mark for many years in his ca-pacity as the key U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops lobbyist for the poor and unborn. Mark was a quiet but extraordinarily powerful force. While the full reach of his impactful life can only be known to God, those of us who were blessed to know him witnessed the many ways his persevering work made a positive difference for the lives of the weakest and most vulnerable. First hired by the National Committee for a Human Life Amendment in 1974, Mark for-mally took up the cause just one year after Roe v. Wade stripped the unborn child of all legal protection. He eventually represented the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops as their lead lobbyist until his retirement in 2007. Over the course of those three decades, Mark played an integral role in every pro-life effort in Congress. He educated an entire generation of law-makers on the arguments for protecting the unborn, at a time when few others could be found on Capitol Hill with this expertise. Mark’s skillfulness and serene demeanor was critical to the enactment of and defense of the Hyde amendment—the landmark amendment preventing federal funding of abortion that has saved the lives of at least two million people. Two million people who have been aborted instead survived because public funds were unavailable to effectuate their violent demise. Mark was as concerned about the plight of women facing an unplanned pregnancy as he was about their unborn children. A former worker for U.S. anti-poverty programs like Catholic Charities, he was happy to take part in efforts to pass the Family and Medical Leave Act and the Refundable Child Tax Credit. A brilliant strategist for the causes he served, Mark was always selfless and self-ef-facing. Thanks to Mark’s mastery of intricate details of the rules of Congress, all the legisla-tive recommendations of the Meese Report, i.e. the Attorney General’s commission to combat pornography, were enacted into law. Beyond living out a Christ-like care for the vulnerable in the political realm, Mark also la-bored for souls, becoming a permanent dea-con in the Catholic Church in 1996. Someday soon, America will protect the weakest and most vulnerable. And into eter-nity Mark Gallagher played a critical part in this all-important human rights struggle. We are grateful for the gift of his life and pray for his family in their time of grief. f 
INTRODUCTION OF A JOINT RESO-LUTION COMMEMORATING THE BRAVERY OF RICK BEST, TALIESIN MYRDDIN NAMKAI- MECHE, AND MICAH DAVID-COLE FLETCHER 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, today I, with Representatives S
UZANNE BONAMICI , P
ETER DEFAZIO, KURT SCHRADER , and G REG W
ALDEN and the support of Sens. W YDEN and M
ERKLEY , am introducing a resolution com-memorating the bravery of Rick Best, Taliesin Myrddin Namkai-Meche, and Micah David- Cole Fletcher. These courageous heroes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.045 E06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE774 June 6, 2017 
stood up against hate and injustice. Rick, Taliesin, and Micah make us proud to be Or-egonians. This resolution is to honor these he-roes, help our community heal, and allow for introspection and broader discussion. As we begin the process of healing, we must all con-tinue to protect one another, help one another, and work for peace and justice. I urge the House to pass this resolution. CONGRATULATING THE BROOKLYN CHINESE-AMERICAN ASSOCIATION 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to congratulate the Brooklyn Chinese- American Association (BCA) on its 29th Anni-versary Celebration. BCA offers life-changing services to numerous communities that have become collectively known as ‘‘Brooklyn Chinatown’’. Since its establishment in 1988, BCA has helped to meet the needs of Brooklyn’s rapidly growing Asian-American community. Their daycare programs nurture children and their senior centers give the elderly a chance to meet, socialize and stay active. Through adult educational programs, BCA helps immigrants adjust to their new commu-nities. Further, by providing naturalization as-sistance, BCA aids applicants in the process of becoming an American citizen. BCA is committed to preserving and revital-izing local neighborhoods, supporting clean-up campaigns and fighting for crime prevention and victim’s rights. Thanks to the hard work of the staff and community at BCA, Brooklyn’s communities are a better place to live, work and celebrate a diverse cultural heritage. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:31 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A06JN8.049 E06JNPT1
D610 Tuesday, June 6, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3253–S3299 Measures Introduced: Seven bills and one resolu-tion were introduced, as follows: S. 1291–1297, and S.J. Res. 44.
                                                                 Page S3294 
Measures Reported S. 134, to expand the prohibition on misleading or inaccurate caller identification information, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–91) S. 1221, to counter the influence of the Russian Federation in Europe and Eurasia, with amendments. 
                                                                                            Page S3294 
Measures Passed: Department of Veterans Affairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act: Senate passed S. 1094, to amend title 38, United States Code, to im-prove the accountability of employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, after agreeing to the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                      Pages S3261–81, S3299 
Star Print—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that S. Res. 184, relative to the death of James Paul David ‘‘Jim’’ Bunning, former United States Senator for the Com-monwealth of Kentucky, be star printed.
     Page S3297 
Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act— Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Wednesday, June 7, 2017, Senate resume consid-eration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 722, to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international terrorism, and violations of human rights.
                                                              Page S3297 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 67 yeas to 33 nays (Vote No. EX. 139), Courtney Elwood, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Central Intelligence Agency. 
                                                                Pages S3255–60, S3260–61 Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Richard V. Spencer, of Wyoming, to be Secretary of the Navy. Charles Douglas Stimson, of Virginia, to be Gen-eral Counsel of the Department of the Navy. Owen West, of Connecticut, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense. Joseph Otting, of Nevada, to be Comptroller of the Currency for a term of five years. Elizabeth Erin Walsh, of the District of Colum-bia, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce and Di-rector General of the United States and Foreign Commercial Service. Steven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of Transportation. David P. Pekoske, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security. Annie Caputo, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the term of five years expiring June 30, 2022. Kristine L. Svinicki, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the term of five years expiring June 30, 2022. David Wright, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for the term of five years expiring June 30, 2020. Robert Charrow, of Maryland, to be General Counsel of the Department of Health and Human Services. Stephen Parente, of Minnesota, to be an Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services. David Steele Bohigian, of Missouri, to be Execu-tive Vice President of the Overseas Private Invest-ment Corporation. Ray Washburne, of Texas, to be President of the Overseas Private Investment Corporation. Peter Louis Oppenheim, of Maryland, to be As-sistant Secretary for Legislation and Congressional Affairs, Department of Education. Carlos G. Muniz, of Florida, to be General Coun-sel, Department of Education. Brian Allen Benczkowski, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General. 2 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 2 Army nominations in the rank of general. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN7.REC D06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D611 June 6, 2017 
1 Marine Corps nomination in the rank of general. 3 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Foreign Service. 
                                                                                    Pages S3297–99 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S3287–94 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S3294 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3294–96 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                            Page S3296 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3284–87 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S3296–97 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3297 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S3297 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—139)
                                                        Pages S3260–61 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:25 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Wednes-day, June 7, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3297.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies concluded a hear-ing to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Education, after receiving testimony from Betsy DeVos, Secretary of Education. APPROPRIATIONS: MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND FAMILY HOUSING Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Mili-tary Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies concluded a hearing to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for Department of Defense military construc-tion and family housing, after receiving testimony from Peter J. Potochney, Acting Assistant Secretary for Energy, Installations and Environment, Lieuten-ant General Gwendolyn Bingham, USA, Assistant Chief of Staff for Installation Management, Vice Ad-miral Dixon R. Smith, USN, Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Fleet Readiness and Logistics, Major General John J. Broadmeadow, USMC, Commander, Marine Corps Installations Command, and Assistant Deputy Commandant, Installations and Logistics (Facilities), and Major General Timothy S. Green, USAF, Director of Civil Engineers, Deputy Chief of Staff for Logistics, Engineering and Force Protection, all of the Department of Defense. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Committee concluded a hearing to examine Marine Corps ground moderniza-tion in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2018 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from Heather A. Wilson, Secretary, and General David L. Goldfein, USAF, Chief of Staff, both of the Air Force, Depart-ment of Defense. DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION REQUEST AND FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on SeaPower concluded a hearing to examine Marine Corps ground modernization in review of the De-fense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2018 and the Future Years Defense Program, after receiving testimony from John M. Garner, Program Executive Officer, Land Systems Marine Corps, Lieutenant General Robert S. Walsh, USMC, Deputy Com-mandant for Combat Development and Integration, Commanding General, Marine Corps Combat Devel-opment Command, and Commander, United States Marine Forces Strategic Command, and Brigadier General Joseph F. Shrader, USMC, Commander, Ma-rine Corps Systems Command, all of the Department of Defense. NOMINATIONS Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Kevin Allen Hassett, of Massachu-setts, to be Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, who was introduced by Senator Portman, and Pamela Hughes Patenaude, of New Hampshire, to be Deputy Secretary of Housing and Urban De-velopment, who was introduced by Senator Shaheen, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee ordered favorably reported the nominations of Dan R. Brouillette, of Texas, to be Deputy Secretary of Energy, Neil Chatterjee, of Kentucky, and Robert F. Powelson, of Pennsylvania, each to be a Member of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, and David Bernhardt, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of the Interior. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN7.REC D06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD612 June 6, 2017 
DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY BUDGET Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Homeland Security, after receiving testimony from John F. Kelly, Sec-retary of Homeland Security. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 22 pub-lic bills, H.R. 2772–2793; 1 private bill, H.R. 2794; and 2 resolutions, H.J. Res. 105; and H. Res. 376, were introduced.
                                     Pages H4645–47 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4647–49 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H. Res. 374, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2213) to amend the Anti-Border Corrup-tion Act of 2010 to authorize certain polygraph waiver authority, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–162); and H. Res. 375, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 10) to create hope and opportunity for in-vestors, consumers, and entrepreneurs by ending bailouts and Too Big to Fail, holding Washington and Wall Street accountable, eliminating red tape to increase access to capital and credit, and repealing the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that make America less prosperous, less stable, and less free, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–163). 
                                                                                            Page H4645 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Bergman to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H4625 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:19 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H4627 
Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission— Appointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she appointed the following individual to the Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission: Mr. Pete Gallego of Al-pine, Texas.
                                                                  Page H4628 
Harry S. Truman Scholarship Foundation—Re-appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s reappointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Trustees of the Harry S. Truman Scholarship Foundation: Representative Deutch.                                                                           Page H4628 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:08 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:33 p.m.
                                                   Page H4628 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Condemning the violence against peaceful pro-testers outside the Turkish Ambassador’s residence on May 16, 2017, and calling for the perpetrators to be brought to justice and measures to be taken to prevent similar incidents in the future: H. Res. 354, amended, condemning the violence against peaceful protesters outside the Turkish Ambassador’s residence on May 16, 2017, and calling for the per-petrators to be brought to justice and measures to be taken to prevent similar incidents in the future, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 397 yeas with none vot-ing ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 286;
          Pages H4628–32, H4640–41 
Iraq and Syria Genocide Emergency Relief and Accountability Act of 2017: H.R. 390, amended, to provide for emergency relief to victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria, and to provide accountability for perpetrators of these crimes;
                                                   Pages H4632–38 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To pro-vide emergency relief for victims of genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes in Iraq and Syria, for accountability for perpetrators of these crimes, and for other purposes.’’.
                                       Page H4638 
Condemning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Manchester, United Kingdom, on May 22, 2017, expressing heartfelt condolences, and re-affirming unwavering support for the special rela-tionship between our peoples and nations in the wake of these attacks: H. Res. 355, amended, con-demning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Manchester, United Kingdom, on May 22, 2017, expressing heartfelt condolences, and reaffirming un-wavering support for the special relationship between our peoples and nations in the wake of these attacks, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN7.REC D06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D613 June 6, 2017 
by a 2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 397 yeas with none vot-ing ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 287; and 
                                                                Pages H4638–40, H4641–42 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Con-demning in the strongest terms the terrorist attacks in Manchester, United Kingdom, on May 22, 2017, and in London, United Kingdom, on June 3, 2017, expressing heartfelt condolences, and reaffirming un-wavering support for the special relationship between our peoples and nations in the wake of these at-tacks.’’.
                                                                            Page H4642 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:39 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:29 p.m.
                                                   Page H4640 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4640–41 and H4641–42. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 7:23 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
FINANCIAL CHOICE ACT OF 2017; ANTI- BORDER CORRUPTION REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 10, the ‘‘Financial CHOICE Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2213, the ‘‘Anti-Border Corruption Reauthor-ization Act of 2017’’. The Committee granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 2213. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Homeland Security. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Homeland Security now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only the further amendment printed in the Rules Committee report, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ment printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The Committee granted, by record vote of 9–4, a structured rule for H.R. 10. The rule provides 90 minutes of general debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute printed in part A of the Rules Com-mittee report and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only those further amendments printed in part B of the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in part B of the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Hensarling and Represent-atives McSally, Kildee, Jones, and Kaptur. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ment of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the USDA Forest Service, 9:30 a.m., SD–124. Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hear-ings to examine proposed budget estimates and justifica-tion for fiscal year 2018 for the Army, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, 2:30 p.m., SD–138. Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Housing and Urban Development, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Library of Congress and the Architect of the Capitol, 3 p.m., SD–124. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN7.REC D06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD614 June 6, 2017 Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to examine Department of De-fense nuclear acquisition programs and the nuclear doc-trine, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Russell Vought, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director of the Office of Management and Budget, 2:30 p.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine Federal Aviation Administra-tion reauthorization, focusing on administration perspec-tives, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Subcommittee on National Parks, to hold hearings to examine working to improve the National Park Service workplace environ-ment, 2:30 p.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Eric D. Hargan, of Illinois, to be Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services, and David Malpass, of New York, to be an Under Secretary, Andrew K. Maloney, of Virginia, to be a Deputy Under Secretary, and Brent James McIntosh, of Michigan, to be General Counsel, all of the Department of the Treasury, 10:15 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-sider the nomination of William Francis Hagerty IV, of Tennessee, to be Ambassador to Japan, Time to be an-nounced, S–216, Capitol. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Neomi Rao, of the District of Columbia, to be Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, and Russell Vought, of Virginia, to be Deputy Director, both of the Office of Management and Budget, and Brock Long, of North Carolina, to be Administrator of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: to hold hearings to exam-ine the Veterans Choice Program and the future of care in the community, 2:30 p.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold hearings to exam-ine Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, 10 a.m., SH–216. Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: The Future of International Food Aid and Agricultural Development’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies, budget hearing on the Department of Labor, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science and Re-lated Agencies, budget hearing on the National Science Foundation, 10:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Fiscal Year 2018 Priorities and Posture of Missile Defeat Programs and Activities’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Combat Aviation Modernization Programs and the Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Request’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Economic and Fiscal Benefits of Pro-Growth Policies’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 338, to promote a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce; H.R. 627, the ‘‘Stream-lining Energy Efficiency for Schools Act of 2017’’; H.R. 723, the ‘‘Energy Savings Through Public-Private Part-nerships Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1109, to amend section 203 of the Federal Power Act; H.R. 446, to extend the dead-line for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project; H.R. 447, to extend the deadline for commence-ment of construction of a hydroelectric project; H.R. 951, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project; H.R. 2122, to reinstate and ex-tend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Jennings Randolph Dam; H.R. 2274, the ‘‘HYPE Act’’; H.R. 2292, to ex-tend a project of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commis-sion involving the Cannonsville Dam; H.R. 2457, the ‘‘J. Bennett Johnston Waterway Hydropower Extension Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1222, the ‘‘Congenital Heart Futures Re-authorization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1492, the ‘‘Medical Controlled Substances Transportation Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2410, the ‘‘Sickle Cell Disease Research, Surveillance, Prevention, and Treatment Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2430, the ‘‘FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Flood Insurance Reform: A Taxpayer’s Perspec-tive’’, 10:30 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Energy Opportu-nities in North America’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Reauthoriza-tion and the President’s FY 2018 Budget Request’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight Hear-ing on the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and En-forcement’s Abandoned Mine Lands Program’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 1074, to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Indian Reservation’’; H.R. 1901, the ‘‘Southeast Alas-ka Regional Health Consortium Land Transfer Act of 2017’’; and S. 249, to provide that the pueblo of Santa Clara may lease for 99 years certain restricted land, and for other purposes, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Fast and Furious, Six Years Later’’, 9:30 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN7.REC D06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D615 June 6, 2017 Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2763, the ‘‘Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Transfer Improvements Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2594, the ‘‘Small Business Payment for Per-formance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2333, the ‘‘Small Business Investment Opportunity Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2364, the ‘‘Investing in Main Street Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2056, the ‘‘Microloan Modernization Act of 2017’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: Coast Guard Sea, Land, and Air Capabili-ties’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Overcoming PTSD: Assessing VA’s Efforts to Promote Wellness and Healing’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Medicare Advantage Hearing on Pro-moting Integrated and Coordinated Care for Medicare Beneficiaries’’, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D06JN7.REC D06JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD616 June 6, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Wednesday, June 7 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will resume consider-ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 722, Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at 10:30 a.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, June 7 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.R. 10— Financial CHOICE Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). Con-sideration of H.R. 2213—Anti-Border Corruption Reau-thorization Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). Consider-ation of the following measure under suspension of the Rules: H. Con. Res. 33—Designating the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Li-brary in Lexington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barr, Andy, Ky., E759, E761, E763, E767, E770, E772 Bergman, Jack, Mich., E761 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E766 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E773 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E763 Brownley, Julia, Calif., E762 Burgess, Michael C., Tex., E762 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E759, E762, E768, E771 Conyers, John, Jr., Mich., E769 Cummings, Elijah E., Md., E758 Davis, Susan A., Calif., E768 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E760, E764, E770 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E769 Dent, Charles W., Pa., E768 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E764 Hartzler, Vicky, Mo., E760, E770 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E759, E765, E771 Katko, John, N.Y., E758 Kelly, Mike, Pa., E757 Levin, Sander M., Mich., E760, E769 Long, Billy, Mo., E759, E761, E764, E767, E770, E772 MacArthur, Thomas, N.J., E763 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E767 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E772 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E773 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E773 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E757, E758, E759, E761, E763, E764, E765, E768, E770, E772 Poe, Ted, Tex., E766 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E757 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E773 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E762 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E765 Trott, David A., Mich., E764 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E772, E773, E774 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E757, E759 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E758 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:14 Jun 07, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D06JN7.REC D06JNPT1