Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H8035 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 2017 No. 166 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. W
OODALL ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, October 16, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable R
OB W
OODALL to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER Monsignor Stephen Rossetti, Catho-lic University of America, Washington, D.C., offered the following prayer: Good and gracious God, You love all people equally and completely—young and old, Black and White, Republican and Democrat, Muslim and Christian, saint and sinner. Help us to love as You love. And by this love, make us one with each other and one with You. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 2(a) of House Resolution 562, the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings is approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. COMMUNICATION FROM THE HON-ORABLE TIM MURPHY, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Honorable T
IMMUR-
PHY, Member of Congress: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, October 12, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena for documents and testimony, issued by the Court of Com-mon Pleas for Allegheny County. After consulting with the Office of General Counsel, I will make the determinations re-quired by Rule VIII. Sincerely, T
IMMURPHY . f 
ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to section 2(b) of House Resolution 562, the House stands adjourned until noon on Thursday, October 19, 2017. Thereupon (at 10 o’clock and 2 min-utes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Thursday, Octo-ber 19, 2017, at noon. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2822. A letter from the Executive Sec-retary, Federal Financial Institutions Exam-ination Council, transmitting the Council’s final rule — Description of Office, Proce-dures, and Public Information [Docket No.: FFIEC-2017-0003] received October 11, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. 2823. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Employee Benefits Security Ad-ministration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting the Department’s interim final rules — Religious Exemptions and Accommoda-tions for Coverage of Certain Preventive Services Under the Affordable Care Act (RIN: 1210-AB83) received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 2824. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Employee Benefit Security Ad-ministration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting the Department’s interim final rules — Moral Exemptions and Accommodations for Coverage of Certain Preventive Services Under the Affordable Care Act (RIN: 1210- AB84) received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 2825. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Guide Concerning Fuel Economy Advertising for New Automobiles received October 11, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 2826. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting reports concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 2827. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-47, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 2828. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 17-46, pursuant to the reporting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 2829. A letter from the Assistant Director, OSD SEMO, Department of Defense, trans-mitting fifty-eight (58) notifications of a va-cancy, designation of acting officer, nomina-tion, action on nomination, and discontinu-ation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Oct 16, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16OC7.000 H16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8036 October 16, 2017 
U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 2830. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel for Operations, Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, transmitting three (3) notifications of a nomination, and action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 2831. A letter from the Presidential Ap-pointments, Department of State, transmit-ting ten (10) notifications of a vacancy, des-ignation of acting officer, nomination, ac-tion on nomination, discontinuation of serv-ice in acting role, and change in previously submitted reported information, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 2832. A letter from the Chief Administra-tive Officer, transmitting the quarterly re-port of receipts and expenditures of appro-priations and other funds for the period July 1, 2017 to September 30, 2017, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 104a (H. Doc. No. 115—70); to the Com-mittee on House Administration and ordered to be printed. 2833. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Na-tional Forest System, Forest Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting the final map and perimeter boundary descrip-tion for the Cache la Poudre Wild and Scenic River, in Colorado, pursuant to 16 U.S.C. 1274(b); Public Law 90-542, Sec. 3(b) (as amended by Public Law 100-534, Sec. 501); (102 Stat. 2708); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 2834. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — September 2017 Supplement to Rev. Proc. 2014-64, Implementation of Nonresident Alien Deposit Interest Regulations (Rev. Proc. 2017-46) received October 12, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2835. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Adjusted Applicable Dollar Amount for Fee Imposed by Sections 4375 and 4376 [Notice 2017-61] received October 12, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2836. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Treatment of Amounts Paid to Sec-tion 170(c) Organizations under Employer Leave-Based Donation Programs to Aid Vic-tims of Hurricane and Tropical Storm Maria [Notice 2017-62] received October 12, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2837. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s interim final rules — Moral Exemptions and Accom-modations for Coverage of Certain Preven-tive Services Under the Affordable Care Act [TD 9828] (RIN: 1545-BN91) received October 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2838. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s interim final rules — Religious Exemptions and Ac-commodations for Coverage of Certain Pre-ventive Services Under the Affordable Care Act [TD 9827] (RIN: 1545-BN92) received Octo-ber 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2839. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Automatic approval for certain fund-ing method changes for single-employer de-fined benefit pension plans subject to the minimum funding requirements of Section 430 (Rev. Proc. 2017-56) received October 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2840. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Procedures for Requesting Approval for a Change in Funding Method (Rev. Proc. 2017-57) received October 13, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 2841. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Fringe Benefit Aircraft Valuation Formula (Revenue Ruling 2017-19) received October 11, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 469. A bill to impose certain limi-tations on consent decrees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accord-ance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–347). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 1096. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide for trans-parency of payments made from the Judg-ment Fund; with an amendment (Rept. 115– 348). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 1769. A bill to affirm an agreement between the United States and Westlands Water District dated September 15, 2015, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–349). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 4070. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to enhance Congress’ ability to defend its legislative power under Article I of the Constitution in litigation in the courts of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER (for her-self and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 4071. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to create program to provide fund-ing for organizations that support startup businesses in formation and early growth stages by providing entrepreneurs with re-sources and services to produce viable busi-nesses, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Small Business. By Mr. CARBAJAL (for himself, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, and Mr. P A-
NETTA ): H.R. 4072. A bill to designate certain Fed-eral land in the State of California as wilder-ness, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 4073. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to strike the definition of ‘‘imminent danger to the public health or safety’’ that was added by Public Law 114-145 for purposes of suspending a registration; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Ms. S
LAUGH -
TER, Ms. M OORE , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. E VANS , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. P OCAN , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. E
LLISON ): H.R. 4074. A bill to strengthen and expand proven anti-poverty programs and initia-tives; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on House Administration, Oversight and Government Reform, Education and the Workforce, Fi-nancial Services, Agriculture, Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, Rules, the Budget, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. NORCROSS (for himself, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. M
ACARTHUR ): H.R. 4075. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to require certain training as a condition of registration to prescribe or dispense opioids for the treatment of pain or pain management, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. NORCROSS: H.R. 4076. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to provide for cost-of-liv-ing adjustments indexed to the Consumer Price Index for the Elderly, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Energy and Commerce, Armed Services, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
134. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 2013, requesting the Congress of the United States call a convention of the states to pro-pose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:55 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16OC7.000 H16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8037 October 16, 2017 
135. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Arizona, relative to House Con-current Resolution No. 2010, requesting the Congress of the United States call a conven-tion of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 136. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Tennessee, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 67, requesting the Con-gress of the United States call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 4070. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 9; Article III, Section I; and Article III, Section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution, which grant Congress authority to over the federal courts. In addi-tion, the Necessary and Proper Clause of Ar-ticle I, Section 8 grants Congress the author-ity to take actions to assert and defend its legislative power in the courts. By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER: H.R. 4071. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To reg-ulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. CARBAJAL: H.R. 4072. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3 and Article I, Sec- tion 8 By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 4073. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. LEE: H.R. 4074. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clairfied and interpreted by the Supremem Court of the United States. By Mr. NORCROSS: H.R. 4075. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. NORCROSS: H.R. 4076. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 140: Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina and Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 176: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina and Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 669: Mr. S
ARBANES , Mr. D ESAULNIER , and Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 785: Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 1094: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H.R. 1229: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1276: Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. N EAL, and Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 1290: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 1626: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 1683: Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. M ULLIN . H.R. 1731: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 2092: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 2093: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 2148: Mr. D
AVIDSON . H.R. 2315: Mr. M
ASSIE and Mr. G AETZ . H.R. 2472: Mr. R
USH, Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. K
ENNEDY , and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 2902: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , and Mrs. N APOLITANO . H.R. 2908: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Ms. L EE. H.R. 2909: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 3186: Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 3368: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 3748: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3770: Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, and Mr. R
EED. H.R. 3784: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. F
UDGE , and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 3822: Mr. A
LLEN and Mr. B RAT. H.R. 3926: Mr. R
UTHERFORD . H.R. 3938: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY and Ms. B ASS. H.R. 4007: Mr. F
ASO. H. Con. Res. 80: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey and Mr. P
ETERSON . H. Res. 307: Mr. G
ARRETT . H. Res. 571: Ms. R
OSEN . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:44 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L16OC7.001 H16OCPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6383 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, OCTOBER 16, 2017 No. 166 
Senate 
The Senate met at 4 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Lord God, we bless Your Holy Name. Provide our lawmakers with the wisdom to obey You completely and re-ceive Your guidance. May Your guiding presence inspire them so that they can find, even in troubles, opportunities for joy. Lord, remind them of the blessings that come from being challenged, as they learn from experience that the things that test them produce endur-ance. When their endurance is fully de-veloped, give them the satisfaction of possessing such integrity that their faith will not shrink, though pressed by many foes. Lord, help our Senators to seek You repeatedly each day with their prayers, fully expecting You to answer their intercession and direct their lives. We pray in Your mighty Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. EXECUTIVE SESSION EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Gingrich nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Callista L. Gingrich, of Virginia, to be Ambas-sador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Holy See. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 5:30 p.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. If no one yields time, the time will be equally divided. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The majority leader is recognized. 
WORK BEFORE THE SENATE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, as I discussed with the President and the Vice President at our working lunch today, the Senate has a full schedule of important work ahead of us. The Senate’s fall agenda includes confirming more nominees to the judi-ciary, administration, and other impor-tant positions. Later today we will re-sume consideration of another nomi-nee, Callista Gingrich, who has been nominated to serve as our Ambassador to the Vatican. That agenda includes providing continued assistance to com-munities affected by the recent hurri-canes, and we will process the Presi-dent’s supplemental funding request to do just that. The Senate’s agenda also includes completing work on the budg-et resolution and advancing tax re-form—two things that are critical to helping our economy finally realize its true potential after the stagnation of the last decade. This budget will be the next step to spurring growth in our economy. It provides a pathway to balance, it reins in Federal spending, and it honors our commitments to Social Security and provides for the national defense. In addition to these important as-pects of this budget, it will also provide the legislative tools to advance tax re-form. As I have said before, tax reform is the single most important thing we can do today to get our economy mov-ing again. We think taxes should be lower, sim-pler, and fairer for middle-class work-ers so that Americans can keep more of their own hard-earned money in their paychecks. We think taxes should be reformed to end the perverse incentives that help keep American jobs and prof-its offshore and so it is easier to make and keep American jobs where they be-long—right here at home. We think it is time to take more money out of Washington’s pockets and put more money in the pockets of the American middle class. That is why we know it is time for tax reform. The tax reform goals I just men-tioned are shared by many, including the President, his team, Chairman O
RRIN HATCH , and Chairman M IKEENZI. As I said, to get there, we first need to pass the budget before us. I want to thank Chairman E
NZIand the members of the Senate Budget Committee for all of their work in getting us to this point. As we advance that budget on the Senate floor this week, Senators on both sides of the aisle will have the op-portunity to offer their input. I look forward to putting our fi-nances on a better path with this budg-et, just as I look forward to continuing with the other important initiatives on the Senate’s fall agenda. The PRESIDING OFFICER. If no one yields time, the time will be charged equally. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, first, on the issue of healthcare, last week, President Trump committed two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.000 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6384 October 16, 2017 
acts of pointless sabotage of our Na-tion’s healthcare system. He signed an Executive order that would give insur-ers more latitude to sell temporary, junk plans that are not only incredibly risky to the consumer but undermine the rest of the healthcare market by drawing healthy Americans out of the pool. Even worse, President Trump de-cided to stop the cost-sharing program, which reduces premiums, deductibles, and copays for 7 million Americans a year. There is literally no upside to the President’s decision to end the cost- sharing program. Because of the President’s actions, premiums will go up between 20 and 25 percent, according to the CBO. Just today in Pennsylvania, we saw pre-miums rise by 30 percent as a direct re-sult of the President’s actions. Deductibles and out-of-pocket costs will go up by thousands of dollars. Deficits will rise by $194 billion because the government will have to pay more in subsidies to make up for the lack of the cost-sharing program, and the mar-ketplaces will become less stable be-cause more people will go uninsured. The Republican Governor of Nevada, Brian Sandoval, may have said it best: 
It’s going to hurt people. It’s going to hurt kids. It’s going to hurt families. It’s going to hurt individuals. It’s going to hurt people with mental health issues. It’s going to hurt veterans. It’s going to hurt everybody. 
That is from Republican Governor Brian Sandoval. Another point that the President should hear is that nearly 70 percent of the Americans who benefit from these cost-sharing payments live in States that Donald Trump won in the elec-tion. Make no mistake about it—the Presi-dent is deliberately undermining our healthcare system with these two ac-tions. When premiums go up because of this action, the blame will fall on his shoulders. There is a way out. The way out of all of this is for Congress to aggres-sively pursue a bipartisan healthcare bill that will take cost-sharing out of the President’s hands by locking in the payments. For many months, Demo-crats have been pushing to stabilize the markets and to work toward a bipar-tisan agreement that would keep pre-miums down for millions of Americans. Senators A
LEXANDER and M URRAY have been negotiating a package that would include cost-sharing as well as some provisions that the Republicans want. These negotiations began long before the President’s decision to end cost- sharing last week. I am encouraged by the progress of the negotiations, and I am hopeful that we are nearing an agreement that makes clear that we have no intention of supporting the President’s reckless efforts at sabo-tage. If President Trump is now supportive of an agreement that stabilizes and im-proves the existing system under the Affordable Care Act, we certainly wel-come the change of heart. We have been asking for this for a long time. We hope that our colleagues on the other side of the aisle, in their realizing the damage the President has done, will join us in strengthening, not in sabo-taging, the healthcare system. TAX REFORM AND THE BUDGET  
Madam President, now a word on the Republican tax plan. This week, the Republican majority will likely move to pass a budget reso-lution that includes reconciliation in-structions to increase the deficit by $1.5 trillion. Amazingly, it also in-cludes a total of $1.5 trillion in cuts to Medicare and Medicaid. Cutting taxes on the wealthy to be paid for by cut-ting Medicare and Medicaid? How many Americans want that—Demo-crat, Republican, Independent, liberal, conservative? The GOP budget makes it as clear as day that the Republicans will try to pay for a massive tax cut for the wealthy by cutting Medicare and Medicaid. It is the same formula they used for TrumpCare—cutting healthcare to pay for tax cuts for the rich. The American people rose up against that plan, and it failed. This plan should fail for the same exact rea-son. Now the White House is out with a new report today, which reads that a giant tax cut for big corporations will increase wages for middle-class Ameri-cans. President Trump complains about fake news. Well, this is fake math, and it is as bad as any of the so- called fake news the President has complained about. This is a deliberate manipulation of numbers and facts that, quite frankly, is appalling. His-tory shows that tax cuts like these benefit the wealthy and the powerful to the exclusion of the middle class. His-tory shows that corporations will use tax cuts for CEO bonuses, stock buybacks, and dividends rather than for increasing worker pay or creating new jobs. In fact, none other than Goldman Sachs concluded that shareholders, not workers, ‘‘typically get most of the benefits of tax cuts.’’ This is not a lib-eral think tank or C
HUCK SCHUMER  talking; this is Goldman Sachs, which represents shareholders—a lot of them. The two authors of this plan, Gary Cohn and Steve Mnuchin, who are from Goldman Sachs, should heed what their former employer says. Even Goldman Sachs is saying that the Trump tax cuts will not create massive growth or new jobs or higher wages. In fact, an-other recent report by Goldman Sachs predicts only the most minor growth effects from this tax cut, not more than 0.1 or 0.2 percent. As the President likes to point out, the stock market is at record highs, and companies are raking in unprece-dented profits; yet wages have re-mained relatively flat. The companies are already flush with money—record profits. They are not creating jobs; they are enriching their shareholders and enhancing their CEOs’ salaries with stock buybacks. It is proof posi-tive that companies already have the cash reserves but do not use them to boost wages. To assert the opposite, which is that giving corporations and the wealthy a tax cut leads to higher middle-class wages, belies the facts and the history, and it is a blatant attempt to fool Americans into thinking that the GOP plan would benefit them when in re-ality it is a sop to the rich. No wonder our Republican friends cannot talk about what the plan does—cuts taxes for the wealthy and powerful. They have to hide it and say that this is job growth. Those are fake numbers, and I would like my friends on this side of the aisle to admit that they believe in trickle-down economics, because that is what their plan is all about. Rather than helping the biggest cor-porations avoid paying their fair share, tax reform ought to reward those com-panies that create jobs and raise wages here at home. Similarly, tax reform ought to directly benefit the middle class, but the Republican tax plan slashes a key middle-class deduction in the form of the State and local deduct-ibility. Now let’s talk about Vice President PENCE . He is visiting Buffalo, NY—a city I love in my home State. Since Vice President P
ENCE is traveling to Buffalo, I thought that I would share some numbers about how the elimi-nation of the State and local deduction affects western New York. In Representative C
OLLINS ’ district, which stretches from East Buffalo to-ward Rochester, 29 percent of the resi-dents claim the State and local deduc-tion. They get an average deduction of $12,125. In Representative H
IGGINS ’ dis-trict, which is in the heart of Buffalo, 27 percent of the residents claim the State and local deduction, with an av-erage deduction of $12,083. In Rep-resentative R
EED’s district, which is just south and east of Buffalo, 22 per-cent of the residents claim the State and local deduction, with an average deduction of $11,716. Their constituents get clobbered, as do just about all New Yorkers and so many in the rest of the country, when you eliminate the State and local deductibility. It affects the middle class and the upper class. The State and local deduction elimination is a dagger to the heart, not just to Buffalo but to Rochester, Syracuse, Al-bany, and all of Upstate New York. Will Vice President P
ENCE have the courage to answer questions about this deduction elimination? Will he tell middle-class New Yorkers that they are going to get a huge tax increase under this bill? When the Vice Presi-dent arrives in Buffalo tomorrow, I hope he is prepared to explain why he wants to hike taxes on thousands of middle-class families in the Buffalo area, in the Rochester area, in the Syr-acuse area, and in the Albany area. Eliminating the State and local de-duction hurts the middle class, and it hammers the New York economy. Busi-nesses, if they do not have this State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16OC6.002 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6385 October 16, 2017 
and local deduction, are not likely to relocate in Buffalo or Rochester or Syracuse or Albany. It also hurts homeowners. Make no mistake about it—if we get rid of the State and local deduction, the values of homes will go down. That is why the realtors are so opposed to this elimination. It is not just true in New York or in California or in Connecticut or in New Jersey; it is true across the whole country. As for my dear friend and chairman of the Finance Committee’s State of Utah, because of the great charity of his people—and so many tithe—35 per-cent of the taxpayers will get a huge, huge increase in their taxes with the elimination of State and local deduct-ibility. So many of them do not use the standard deduction because they are so charitable, but they are penalized for that charity. Eliminating the State and local de-duction, while slashing taxes for the wealthy and huge corporations, will hurt middle-class taxpayers. Now there are some efforts to com-promise State and local deductibility. They don’t work. Some have proposed letting taxpayers make a choice be-tween getting rid of the mortgage de-duction and getting rid of the State and local deduction. That is like say-ing: Should I chop off my left hand or my right hand, Mr. Middle-Class Tax-payer? Others have said: Let’s limit it to people who earn below $100,000. That still leaves lots of people at risk, par-ticularly in high-priced areas like Long Island, and it doesn’t reduce the deficit by much. It is estimated that a large percentage of the deficit will still go up. It makes no sense to eliminate State and local deductibility. Vice President P
ENCE ought to go to western New York, but instead of going just to a small business—and we want to lower small business taxes—he should go to a middle-class family in Amherst or in Orchard Park or Tonawanda and tell them that he is there to raise their taxes. 
NOMINATION OF TOM MARINO  
Madam President, I want to address the President’s nominee to lead the Of-fice of National Drug Control Policy, Representative M
ARINO . An article in yesterday’s Washington Post described Representative M
ARINO ’s advocacy for a law that may have prevented the DEA, the Drug En-forcement Agency, from going after the worst practices of drug distributors. It is a profoundly troubling revelation about the man who has been tapped to lead the primary agency in our govern-ment that focuses on stopping the opioid crisis. The opioid crisis was in part fueled by wholesale drug distributors sending millions of unnecessary pills into com-munities. As my friend Senator M
ANCHIN has pointed out, one company shipped 20 million doses of opioids to pharmacies in his State of West Vir-ginia over a 5-year period. That in-cluded 11 million doses sent to Mingo County, WV, where the population is 25,000. There were 11 million pills sent to a county of 25,000 people over a 5- year period. No wonder there is a cri-sis. What the Washington Post revealed yesterday was that Representative MARINO worked to pass a bill in 2016 that made it ‘‘virtually impossible for the DEA to freeze suspicious narcotic shipments.’’ Confirming Representa-tive M
ARINO as our Nation’s drug czar would be like putting a wolf in charge of the henhouse. The American people deserve some-one totally committed to fighting the opioid crisis, not someone who has la-bored on behalf of the drug industry. So tonight I am calling on President Trump to withdraw the nomination of Representative M
ARINO for the ONDCP. We can do better. Senator M
ANCHIN has made such a call, and he is right. Presi-dent Trump ought to withdraw Rep-resentative M
ARINO ’s nomination. If the President presses forward with Representative M
ARINO , it will be an-other betrayal in a long line of betray-als on issues near and dear to rural America. The President’s healthcare proposals would have put daggers into the heart of rural America, decimating Medicaid and rural hospitals. The President’s tax plan lavishes the wealthy and the big corporations but does little for the working man or woman in rural America. The Presi-dent promised several months ago to label the opioid crisis a national emer-gency, yet he still hasn’t done it. He said this afternoon that he will finally do it next week. We will see. By now, the idea that the President is sticking up for the forgotten man and woman in the forgotten parts of rural America should be dismissed. President Trump seems to have forgot-ten the forgotten parts of America, and his lack of action—we don’t need talk; we need action—on the opioid crisis and his nomination of Representative M
ARINO is just another example. 
CALIFORNIA WILDFIRES  
Madam President, over the weekend, several parts of California were swept by some of the most devastating wildfires the region has seen. At least 40 people have died, thousands of homes and businesses have been ut-terly destroyed, and at one point over 100,000 people were evacuated. As Gov. Jerry Brown said, ‘‘This is truly one of the greatest, if not the greatest, trage-dies that California has ever faced.’’ Our thoughts are with everyone af-fected by these wildfires. We are endur-ingly grateful for the firefighters and all our first responders. And our re-sponse here in the Senate must be to send aid where aid is needed. For our country, this has been a dev-astating few months of fires and floods. Hurricanes Harvey and Irma buffeted Texas, Louisiana, and Florida. Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands are contending with a humanitarian crisis on an unprecedented scale in the wake of Hurricane Maria. Our job is to speed-ily send aid, and I am hopeful that we can pass another supplemental aid package this week as well as another more comprehensive package later in the year. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip is recognized. TAX REFORM AND THE BUDGET  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, today I want to talk to you about time and how little of it we have to accom-plish two incredibly important legisla-tive priorities, one that is national in scope and potentially historic in im-pact. The first of those priorities is tax reform. We have a target date on the calendar, and now the clock is ticking. We have to get to work. The budget resolution that we will consider this week sets November 13 as our deadline for the Finance Com-mittee to report a bill, and of course the distinguished chairman of the Fi-nance Committee, Senator H
ATCH , is on the floor, and that is a commitment I know he takes very seriously. This bill, I hope, will broadly cut taxes on individuals and businesses alike and put more money in the pock-ets of working families across the country. What I like most about the plan I have seen so far is that it is bold. We are not trimming a little here and a tiny bit there. We are slashing rates, consolidating brackets, and elimi-nating pet credits and deductions. This is not JV tax reform. This is tax re-form that is serious and based upon our commitment to get the economy grow-ing again. Two weeks ago, the House approved its version of the resolution, and the Senate Budget Committee reported out its version. Now the Senate will con-sider the committee’s resolution in the coming days. Why do we need that budget resolution? How is this all going to work? Well, these resolutions from each Chamber are the first step in passing pro-growth tax reform. They authorize the use of a tool called budget rec-onciliation. That means when the tax reform legislation is considered, it can’t be stopped by less than a major-ity of the Senate. Of course, this isn’t our first choice. I wish our colleagues across the aisle, our Democratic friends, would join us in bipartisan tax reform, but passing a budget resolution in the Senate is a must because this is something we can hold in reserve if our friends across the aisle simply refuse to participate in the process of pro-growth tax reform. It is a key procedural step because we have to fundamentally change the Tax Code before the end of the year. How well our economy does next year, how many jobs are created, and how much investment occurs here in the United States will depend largely upon our success in passing pro-growth tax reform this year. The clock is tick-ing, and we have to act with dispatch and with determination. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16OC6.003 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6386 October 16, 2017 
As the President said last week in Pennsylvania, ‘‘we want lower taxes, bigger paychecks, and more jobs for . . . American workers.’’ He is abso-lutely right. Lower taxes, bigger pay-checks, and more jobs are the things we all ought to want, and they are worth the fight. Under this administration we are al-ready seeing results. The economy is bouncing back. Unemployment is at a 16-year low. Wages are rising and the stock market is soaring. The slum-bering giant, which is the U.S. econ-omy, is now slowly awakening. Our economy reached more than 3.1 percent growth last quarter. Confidence, as the President stressed in Pennsylvania, is back when it comes to our economy and our future, but that confidence will not last long if we let this opportunity pass. We have to find ways to get compa-nies to stay in America, to expand, and to hire in America. We have to find ways to take the money out of Wash-ington’s pocket and put it back into the pockets of those who earned the money in the first place—American families. We have to find ways to simplify the Tax Code, which, let’s remember, hits families multiple times each year by taking their earnings, by stealing their time through compliance, and by try-ing their patience with complexity. Each tax return feels like three. I find it appalling that a majority of taxpayers are forced to pay someone else to do their taxes for them because they simply don’t have the time or ex-pertise to do it themselves. The unified framework released a few weeks ago will help. It calls for col-lapsing seven separate tax brackets down to three. That is what I call sim-plification. It expands the zero bracket so that if you are a married couple earning less than $24,000 a year, you will pay zero income taxes. It enhances the child tax credit. It repeals the death tax and special interest tax breaks, and it reduces the uncompeti-tive corporate tax rate to 20 percent and cuts tax rates for small businesses to the lowest level in more than 80 years. So let’s make this happen before time runs out. 
HURRICANE RECOVERY EFFORT  
Madam President, the other item I can’t stop thinking about is one that has taken a great toll on my State and our region of the country, and that is Hurricane Harvey, the most extreme rain event in the history of the United States. Literally 50 inches of rain fell in 5 days in the Houston area. Last week, I saw images of the Texas World Speedway, a racecar track at College Station that is being used as a processing lot. Here is a picture of that. At its peak, tens of thousands of cars were parked there, awaiting damage assessments by insurance companies. A sea of them had filled the entire speed-way, as can be seen on this chart, and it was starting to spill into sur-rounding areas, too—cars in all direc-tions, as far as the eye could see. How could Hurricane Harvey damage so many cars? Well, cars these days— the newer ones—are basically com-puters on wheels, and when they get wet in an extreme flooding event like this, they essentially become a total loss, like these cars at the Texas World Speedway. It is an amazing picture. All the cars there, mind you, represent only a tiny percentage of all the vehi-cles damaged in the storm. Some of the estimates I have heard are that as high as one-half million personal vehicles were damaged and even totaled. The speedway is just one of the im-ages that continue to keep me up at night. How are my constituents, these Texans, going to get to work? How are they going to take their kids to school? When will their car and their house be ready so they can live in their home? When will their highways and drive-ways be fixed? What is being done to ensure that history doesn’t repeat itself when, year after year, many parts of the Harris County-Houston area are flooded because many of the important Corps of Engineer projects have not been started, much less com-pleted, which would have diverted the rain and saved many of these homes and many of these cars. Last Thursday, the House passed a $36.5 billion hurricane and wildfire re-lief bill. The vote sends the measure over to the Senate, and I look forward to debating the supplemental appro-priation in the days ahead. The House’s emergency measure is intended to replenish the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s nearly depleted coffers with $18.7 bil-lion to the Disaster Relief Fund. If we don’t act soon, I am told, FEMA could run out of money as early as October 23. The House bill will also address the National Flood Insurance Program by forgiving $16 billion of its debt and al-lowing it to pay more claims for prop-erty owners in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands. Nevertheless, I must say I am more than a little bit disappointed by this piece of legislation. I share the frustra-tions of Gov. Greg Abbott and Members of the Houston area congressional dele-gation, who have pointed out that this bill doesn’t come close to fulfilling the very reasonable requests that have been made to rebuild and recover from Hurricane Harvey. Texas needs more, and the State deserves it, too, after all it has gone through. We are not going to throw up our hands and relent. We are going to keep on pushing. I appreciate the assurances from Speaker P
AUL RYAN and the adminis-tration that Texas will get what it needs to rebuild the homes and busi-nesses lost in the hurricane and the funding that it needs to expand bayous and develop critical flood mitigation projects. Governor Abbott told me the Speaker told him Congress will take up the State’s recent request as soon as No-vember. I am grateful to him for that promise, but we don’t need any more general statements of support. We are not asking for any more expressions of sympathy. We need specifics and a spe-cific commitment to follow through on Texas’s demonstrated need for assist-ance. I predict that the House bill will not move through the Senate until the bill provides the sort of specific commit-ment we could take to the bank. This isn’t about Hurricane Harvey either. This is about Hurricane Irma and Hur-ricane Maria. We cannot afford to wait much longer. The Texas families who have been out of their homes since Hurri-cane Harvey hit can’t afford to wait much longer. The people who have lost their mode of transportation as a re-sult of this flood and this hurricane can’t afford to wait much longer. The small businesses that have been simply wiped out and who have been denied ac-cess to the funds they need in order to restart and rebuild their lives cannot afford to wait much longer. The clock is ticking, and I will con-tinue to work with the Governor and the rest of the Texas delegation, as well as our friends from Florida and others who were hit by other natural disasters, to make sure that collec-tively we present our case to the Ap-propriations Committees and to the Senate. We are not asking to be treated any better than anybody else after a natural disaster like this, but we sure will not accept being treated worse. We are going to work together, on a bipar-tisan basis, to make sure that is the case. Let me just close with a few words from my good friend and colleague from Laredo, TX, Representative HENRY CUELLAR . Now, Henry is what they call a Blue Dog Democrat, some-body I have worked with a lot on bor-der issues in particular. He is on the House Appropriations Committee, and he was asked whether the House’s most recent bill was going to be the final ap-propriation to address the losses as a result of Hurricanes Harvey, Maria, or Irma. ‘‘No,’’ he said emphatically, ‘‘we are going to do more,’’ and he is abso-lutely right. I am here to say that speaking as one Senator, I intend to make sure the U.S. Government keeps its commitments to the people in Texas, to the people in Florida, to the people in Puerto Rico, and to the people in the Virgin Islands when it comes to assisting them to re-cover from this terrible natural dis-aster. We are not going to continue to take the promises of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget or the administration or our friends in the leadership in the House, for that matter, that we are going to get to this later. There is an expression in my part of the country that when somebody asks you when are you going to do something, the re-sponse is manana—tomorrow. To every question of when, it is manana. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16OC6.005 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6387 October 16, 2017 
We demand that this problem be dealt with on a timely basis, and we are going to keep the feet to the fire of the administration and our friends in the House to make sure they follow up on their commitments to deal with the victims of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senator from Florida be granted the floor as soon as I finish. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ENSURING PATIENT ACCESS AND EFFECTIVE  
DRUG ENFORCEMENT ACT  
Mr. HATCH. Madam President, over the weekend, the Washington Post ran an article about a piece of legislation I helped negotiate last Congress. It was entitled the ‘‘Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act’’ and was intended to encourage greater collaboration between DEA and the regulated community in the fight against opioid abuse. The Post article was sharply critical of this legislation, suggesting that it effectively gutted DEA’s ability to do its job. It also sug-gested the pharmaceutical industry put one over on Congress. I rise to set the record straight on these allegations and to provide a fuller account of how this legislation passed the Senate and became law. First, some background. The Con-trolled Substances Act requires drug distributors to obtain a ‘‘registration’’ from DEA in order to distribute con-trolled substances, including prescrip-tion drugs. The act further authorizes DEA to suspend a distributor’s reg-istration in certain circumstances, such as where a distributor has been convicted of a crime involving con-trolled substances or had a State li-cense suspended. Before suspending a registration, DEA must issue a show cause order directing the distributor to explain why its registration should not be suspended. A court then decides whether DEA has met its burden to suspend the registration. The Controlled Substances Act em-powers DEA to bypass this standard suspension process in cases where DEA determines there is ‘‘an imminent dan-ger to the public health or safety.’’ In such cases, DEA can issue an imme-diate suspension order that imme-diately and without court process ter-minates the distributor’s ability to dis-tribute prescription drugs. Prior to last Congress, the Controlled Substances Act did not define what constitutes an imminent danger to the public health or safety. This left DEA’s ability to im-mediately suspend a party’s ability to distribute prescription drugs essen-tially unfettered. Such unfettered dis-cretion concerned the patient advocacy and drug manufacturing community because an immediate suspension order cuts off all drugs from a distributor, in-cluding those intended for legitimate users. A balance is needed to ensure that individuals who need prescription drugs for treatment receive them but that such drugs are not diverted for improper purposes. So the bill I helped negotiate last Congress, for the first time, defined what constitutes an imminent danger to the public health or safety. In doing so, it created a standard for when DEA may suspend a party’s registration to distribute prescription drugs without any prior court process, and that standard is that there must be a ‘‘sub-stantial likelihood of an immediate threat’’ that death, serious bodily harm, or abuse of a controlled sub-stance will occur in the absence of an immediate suspension. In both committee and floor state-ments, I made clear that this standard is intended to cover situations where evidence of diversion indicates there is a substantial likelihood that abuse of a controlled substance or of any con-trolled substances will occur. The Washington Post article glosses over much of this background. It does not explain that the immediate suspen-sion order is intended to be an extraor-dinary measure. It does not explain that prior to the bill, DEA had basi-cally carte blanche authority to im-pose this measure. It does not explain the DEA has other enforcement tools available, including show cause orders which are supposed to be the agency’s standard operating procedure. Equally problematic, the article barely even mentions the patient advocacy con-cerns that motivated the bill to begin with. I want to quote from a letter that a coalition of patient and health advo-cacy groups sent to Congress in sup-port of the legislation: 
Federal agencies, law enforcement, phar-maceutical industry participants and pre-scribers each play a role in working dili-gently to prevent drug abuse and diversion. However, it is also imperative that legiti-mate patients are able to obtain their pre-scriptions without disruption. Your legisla-tion addresses both goals by fostering great-er collaboration, communication and trans-parency between industry stakeholders and regulators, leading to more effective efforts to combat abuse while protecting patients. 
The letter was signed by, among oth-ers, the American Academy of Pain Management, the Fibromyalgia & Chronic Pain Support Network, and the Drug Free America Foundation. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the letter be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MARCH 4, 2015. Hon. O
RRIN HATCH , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. S
HELDON WHITEHOUSE , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATORS HATCH AND WHITEHOUSE : On behalf of the patient and health profes-sional groups listed below we would like to express our support for the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2015 (S. 483). We appreciate your leadership and commitment to combating the inappro-priate use of prescription medicines. Your legislation will help improve the balance be-tween effective enforcement against pre-scription drug diversion and abuse, while en-suring patients who are appropriately pre-scribed medications continue to have access to their treatments. As patient advocacy and health profes-sional organizations, we are committed to combating illegal use of prescription drugs. Millions of Americans depend on prescrip-tion drugs to treat and cure illness, alleviate pain, and improve quality of life, yet pre-scription drug abuse remains a persistent problem that requires collaboration from all those with a stake in improving patient care and protecting against abuse. In considering the burden on patients, it is important to re-member that the vast majority of patients who use prescription drugs do so legiti-mately to address a variety of health issues. Efforts to prevent drug abuse should also consider legitimate users so that actions do not impede patient access or lessen the effec-tiveness of patient care. Federal agencies, law enforcement, phar-maceutical industry participants and pre-scribers each play a role in working dili-gently to prevent drug abuse and diversion. However, it is also imperative that legiti-mate patients are able to obtain their pre-scriptions without disruption. Your legisla-tion addresses both goals by fostering great-er collaboration, communication and trans-parency between industry stakeholders and regulators, leading to more effective efforts to combat abuse while protecting patients. We commend you for including a report to congress, which will illuminate the issue and ultimately benefit patient care. Including patient advocacy groups in the process will ensure those involved in patient care will be able to identify challenges and will empha-size appropriate and workable policy ap-proaches to preventing diversion and abuse of controlled substances. We commend you for your leadership on this important issue. Sincerely, Alliance for Patient Access; American Academy of Pain Management; American Pharmacists Association; American Society of Consultant Pharmacists; American Soci-ety for Pain Management Nursing; Center for Lawful Access and Abuse Deterrence; Drug Free America Foundation, Inc.; Fibro Warriors Living Life; Fibro Friends of Ten-nessee; Fibromyalgia & Chronic Pain Sup-port Network; Fibromyalgia-ME/CFS Sup-port Center, Inc; Florida Fibromyalgia & Chronic Pain Network. Hematology/Oncology Pharmacy Associa-tion; Interstitial Cystitis Association; Kentuckiana Fibromyalgia Support Group; Lake Oswego Health Center; National Asso-ciation of Chain Drug Stores; National Com-munity Pharmacists Association; National Fibromyalgia & Chronic Pain Association; The Pain Community; Pain Connection- Chronic Pain Outreach Center, Inc.; Project Lazarus; Richmond Fibromyalgia & Chronic Pain Association; Save Our Society From Drugs; U.S. Pain Foundation; Virginia Fibromyalgia & Chronic Pain Support Group. Mr. HATCH. Madam President, the Washington Post article discusses vir-tually none of this. Rather, it baldly asserts that Congress cut out DEA’s legs from underneath it through a sin-ister conspiracy of deep-pocketed drug companies and their cunning allies in Congress. Nothing could be further from the truth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16OC6.006 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6388 October 16, 2017 
To begin with, I have spent 40 years of my life in the Senate fighting the scourge of drug abuse. I stood side by side with Ronald Reagan in the War on Drugs. In 2000, I coauthored the Drug Addiction Treatment Act, or DATA 2000, one of the first efforts in Congress to address the opioid epidemic. Last year, I led conference negotiations on the Comprehensive Addiction Recovery Act, a landmark piece of legislation that is making a real difference in the fight against opioid and heroin abuse. Currently, I am working on legislation to address opioid addiction in the vet-eran community. I am no patsy when it comes to drug abuse—prescription or otherwise—and neither are my col-leagues. Indeed, forget me for a moment. Let’s take Senator W
HITEHOUSE , who helped me negotiate the bill with DEA and DOJ. Are we to believe that Sen-ator W
HITEHOUSE , a former Rhode Is-land attorney general and a former U.S. attorney, a crusader against cor-porate interests, is somehow in the pocket of the drug companies? Of course not. The charge is laughable on its face. How about the fact that this bill passed both Houses of Congress by unanimous consent? Did the entire U.S. Congress decide to shield its eyes to the true sinister intent of this legis-lation? Did the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, which approved the bill by voice vote, decide to look the other way? This is a committee that includes former prosecutors, state attorneys general, and U.S. attorneys who, at the time, included both the current Attor-ney General of the United States and the current Senate minority leader. Are we seriously to believe that Jeff Sessions, the toughest foe of illegal drugs I have ever known in my entire life, sat on his hands while Congress eviscerated the DEA’s enforcement au-thority? No, of course not. To merely state these allegations is to make clear how utterly ridiculous they really are. Not one Senator or Member of the House opposed this bill. Do you know why? Because DEA, the very agency the bill impacts, the very agency that supposedly can no longer do its job because of this legislation, agreed to let it go forward. Let me be clear. The DEA could have stopped this bill. They could have stopped it at any time. In fact, they did stop a previous version in 2014 that had different language. I spent months ne-gotiating with DEA and with DOJ until they were at a point they were com-fortable allowing the bill to proceed. If they had asked me to hold the bill or to continue negotiations, I would have done so. I brought the bill to markup only after DEA and DOJ agreed with me on a path forward. Anyone who claims that I or anyone else steamrolled DEA and DOJ on this bill is either ignorant or woefully misinformed. That brings me to another point that was largely lost in all the insinuations in the Washington Post article. The language that purportedly eviscerated DEA’s enforcement power—that is, the requirement that the DEA show a sub-stantial likelihood of immediate threat before issuing an immediate suspension order—was written by DEA and DOJ lawyers and provided to Hill staff as a proposed compromise. So let’s get this straight. Congress took language that DEA and DOJ wrote, inserted it into the bill, and now Congress is the bad guy? I should note that other aspects of DEA and DOJ’s proposed language changed, but that key phrase ‘‘substantial likelihood of an immediate threat’’—the phrase that critics now point to as gutting DEA’s enforcement authority—came from DEA and DOJ. And lest we forget, President Obama signed the bill into law on the advice of his own DEA Ad-ministrator. I think we need to be candid about what is going on here. Opponents of the current administration are trying to derail the President’s nominee to be head of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, Representative T
OM M
ARINO , by mischaracterizing and try-ing to rewrite the history of a bill that he championed. They are being aided in their efforts by a group of former DEA employees who took an extremely hard line against drug companies when they were at the Agency and who are upset that the DEA chose to pursue a more collaborative approach after they left. I don’t fault these individuals for their passion, but I do reject the notion that there was some sort of sinister con-spiracy at play. And I find it uncon-scionable that critics of the bill and of Representative M
ARINO would flat-out ignore the very real patient concerns that motivated this bill and motivated my personal involvement with it. You think this bill was a sop to the drug in-dustry? Tell that to the Fibromyalgia and Chronic Pain Network. Tell that to the American Academy of Pain Man-agement. Tell that to the Drug Free America Foundation. If we are going to make this bill a po-litical football and try to use it to sink Representative M
ARINO ’s nomination, let’s tell the full story. Let’s be fair. Let’s at least be honest. Let’s not gin up a one-sided narrative based entirely on the statements of former Agency of-ficials who disagreed with the change of leadership. No matter how you try to spin it, this is not the latest episode of ‘‘House of Cards.’’ Rather, let’s be clear that Members of this body negotiated this bill in good faith with the DEA and the Department of Justice. Let’s be clear— the DEA and DOJ themselves gen-erated the language that critics now claim is so problematic. Let’s remem-ber that this bill passed by unanimous consent and that every single Member of this body and the House of Rep-resentatives agreed to it. Let’s remem-ber, too, that the DEA and DOJ could have stopped this bill at any time if they had wanted to but instead chose to allow it to proceed. After all, they stopped an earlier version in 2014 that had different language. They could have stopped it again. And even after the bill passed Congress, they could have advised President Obama not to sign on. Don’t forget that the bill bears his signature. Let’s not pretend that DEA, both Houses of Congress, and the Obama White House all somehow wilt-ed under Representative MARINO ’s ne-farious influences. Provocative headlines and clever framing may drive page hits, but this body’s decisions should be based on the full story. It should be based on all the facts. A single news article that tells only one side of the story should not derail a nominee who has a long his-tory of fighting illegal drug use and of helping individuals with chronic condi-tions obtain treatment. Let’s not ig-nore the full story here in the rush to-ward easy politics. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. 
PUERTO RICO RECOVERY EFFORT  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I want to talk about a matter of life and death. It is happening, as we speak, in Puerto Rico. I went there yesterday. I didn’t want to have a flyover of the is-land, but at the invitation of Governor Rossello´, I got into a helicopter so that I could get up into the mountains and into the areas that have been closed be-cause people hadn’t been able to get there on the roads. That is what I wanted to see. We have had colleagues come back and, because of a flyover in a heli-copter, say that they say don’t see a lot of damage. Of course not, because they are flying over parts of towns in which most of the structures are con-crete blocks. But if you get down there on the ground and go into the struc-ture, then you will see a different story. First of all, you will smell a different story because the water has accumu-lated, and now it is turning to mold and mildew—inhabitable conditions. But when you get up into the moun-tains, you see the places that were cut off. Not until a week ago did they have the roads cleared so that people could get up there. And as we speak, as of yesterday, they are still reconstructing the roads so that people can get on these narrow, winding, little dirt roads that go up through the mountains. So for 2 and a half weeks, communities have been completely cut off, like the one that I saw yesterday, Utuado, which is way up in the mountains. I want to show you some pictures, but I want you to realize that today is Monday. Next Wednesday will be 4 weeks since the hurricane hit. Can you imagine going into a State with 3.5 million people and 85 percent of the people do not have electricity? And by the way, these are our fellow American citizens; they are just in a territory. Can you imagine going into a State where a month after the hurricane, 50 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16OC6.007 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6389 October 16, 2017 
percent of the people do not have pota-ble water? It is an absolute outrage. And I don’t think the American people realize what is happening. Let me be your eyes by what I saw yesterday. This is a river bottom in the little town of Utuado. This side of the river is cut off from this side of the river because the one bridge washed out. If you look at this structure, the question is, How long is this going to last? It is tilting to the left. Any major rush of water is going to take out this section. I want you to see how creative these people are. It is hard to see at this dis-tance, but they erected a cable system going over to the other side. They took the basket of a grocery cart, took the wheels and handles off, and this is on a pulley, and these guys are pulling it over here and then they pull it back. This is how people on this side of the river are getting food and water and medicine if they can’t walk across. This is how people are surviving. If this section of the bridge goes—and it is just a matter of time—they are going to try to hook up a cable over here at the top of this riverbank over to the top of this riverbank and do the same kind of pulley. Here in the States, on the mainland, if something like this happened, the Corps of Engineers would be there. We would be rebuilding. The Department of Transportation would be rebuilding that bridge. These are our fellow Amer-ican citizens, and they are going with-out. Let me show you another picture. This is the bank of another river. Let me show you the result. This is what happened. You see this whole house right behind here. I will show you the church in a minute. I asked the pastor: Did the people survive? He said that one was trapped in the house. They were able to get that person out. The others had already fled. But you can see that with the force of the extra rain and the water coming down, houses like that are history. Here is that same section of the river with the church in the background. The church survived. I talked to the pastor of the church. Here I am having a conversation with the people who live on this side. I asked the pastor whether he lost any parishioners. He did not. On the side of his church, he has a dish, and because he has a generator, he is the only person in this town who has any kind of communication—in this case, through the satellite dish for tel-evision. Everything else is being run on generators because there is no elec-tricity. As you know, these generators are not powerful enough to run air-con-ditioners; therefore, the water accumu-lates. Mold and mildew start to accu-mulate, with all the health effects as a result of that. Does this look like something we would have in this country, or does this look like a third world country? Do the images in these photographs bring to mind other Caribbean nations that we have seen that have been devastated by earthquakes and hurricanes? Think about what happened to Haiti. When people go to San Juan—by the way, 85 percent of San Juan is without power. You see these little pockets, and of course they are trying to get the generators going in the hospitals for obvious reasons. They need the genera-tors to go to stations where people are getting their dialysis treatments. That is obvious. But what about the wear and tear on the generators and the re-placements? The Governor of Puerto Rico, Gov-ernor Rossello´, has a very ambitious schedule: He wants to restore 95 per-cent of power by the middle of Decem-ber. I hope the Governor is right. It has been turned over to the Army Corps of Engineers to get the electrical grid and structures up and running. I am afraid it is going to be a lot longer. I asked for estimates on the immediate needs, especially rebuilding the grid. He said $4 billion. Are we going to be able to get that for them? What are going to be the ultimate needs of Puerto Rico? We just heard the Senator from Texas talk about his State and the estimates that you heard out of Texas being as much as $100 bil-lion. What about the needs of Puerto Rico? What about the needs of Florida? What about the needs of the Virgin Is-lands? We have a supplemental coming up, but is that going to take care of the needs of all of those four areas that have been hit hard? If Texas is $100 bil-lion, a long-term fix for Puerto Rico may well be $80 billion to $90 billion. And who knows what it is going to be for Florida and the Virgin Islands. Therefore, are we in this Congress, with or without the leadership of the White House, going to have the stom-ach to help our fellow American citi-zens? I am sure we are going to help Texas, and I certainly hope we will help my State of Florida, but are we willing to help the American citizens in the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico? It is not a rosy picture, but we hear some Members of Congress come back and say they didn’t see a lot of damage. It is people using a pulley they have jerry-rigged across a river to survive with daily supplies of food and fuel and water. You can’t see that from the air. If you have no power, you have no water, and you have no sewer systems, then, what you have is chaos. It has been a month since Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico. The hospitals are rationing services while they strug-gle to get the medicines and the fuel they need to power the generators. The dialysis centers are struggling to get the water and fuel they need to oper-ate. Like many, I have written, in this case, to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, to urge the De-partment to do more to help these di-alysis centers obtain the supplies they need. I wanted to come to the floor of the Senate, having gotten back very late last night from Puerto Rico, and tell the Senate that more needs to be done, and it is going to have to be done for a very long period of time. We have to do more to ensure that the supplies that are reaching the island are getting to those who need them. Remember, things got piled up in the ports in the first week, and they didn’t get out to be distributed. Senator R
UBIO and I were saying at the time that it is going to take the U.S. mili-tary, which is uniquely organized and capable of distribution of long logistical lines. It wasn’t until a week after the hurricane that three-star General Buchanan was put in charge. I met with him and the head of FEMA down in the Puerto Rico area. Finally, those supplies are getting out. These are supplies for survival. We need to pass a disaster relief package that fully funds Puerto Rico’s recovery. We need to provide Puerto Rico with the community development block grant money that Governor Rossello´has requested, just like we need the CDBGs for Texas and Florida and the Virgin Islands as well. We need to make Puerto Rico eligible for per-manent work assistance so they can start to rebuild their infrastructure immediately. I want to make something fairly clear. There should be absolutely no ambiguity about what is going on in Puerto Rico. It isn’t rosy. It isn’t that you can sit in a comfortable seat in a helicopter looking down from 1,500 or 2,000 feet on structures that look like they are intact, when, in fact, the re-ality on the ground below is com-pletely different. Certainly, they didn’t go up there and see all those bridges washed out in the mountains. They didn’t see people scrambling for food. They didn’t see the Puerto Rican Na-tional Guard rebuilding that little nar-row dirt road winding along the banks of that river. They didn’t see or walk into the buildings where you would al-most be overwhelmed with the smells— the smells, particularly, of mold and mildew. People have died as a result of this hurricane. People have died because of the lack of supplies and power. Our fel-low Americans are dying, and they des-perately need our help. Ladies and gentlemen of the Senate, I have seen it with my own eyes on the ground, and I am here to urge this Con-gress and the administration that we have to act and act for a very long pe-riod of time. Our citizens in Puerto Rico need our help. We have the responsibility to help fellow citizens in need. Madam President, I yield the floor. Mr. SHELBY. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:35 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16OC6.009 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6390 October 16, 2017 
The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Gingrich nomi-nation? The yeas and nays have been pre-viously ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ), the Senator from South Carolina (Mr. G
RA-
HAM), the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN), the Senator from Kansas (Mr. M
ORAN ), and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. P
ORTMAN ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 70, nays 23, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 217 Ex.] YEAS—70 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Lee Manchin McCaskill McConnell Murkowski Murphy Murray Paul Perdue Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Whitehouse Wicker Young 
NAYS—23 
Blumenthal Booker Brown Duckworth Durbin Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Leahy Markey Merkley Nelson Peters Sanders Schatz Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warren Wyden 
NOT VOTING—7 
Cochran Graham Isakson McCain Menendez Moran Portman 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that with respect to the Gingrich nomination, the mo-tion to consider be considered made and laid upon the table and the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of the Trachtenberg nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of David Joel Trachtenberg, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following my remarks, Senator WHITEHOUSE of Rhode Island be recognized. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF TOM MARINO  
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, the ad-diction epidemic is a national emer-gency that takes far too many lives and destroys too many families across the country. Unfortunately, my State, in some ways, leads the way. Four thousand Ohioans died from drug overdoses last year, more than any State in the United States. Four thou-sand families lost a mother, a father, a daughter, a son, a sister, or brother. We need to treat this epidemic like the public health emergency it is. We asked the President to proclaim it a public health emergency. He talked about it but still hasn’t done it. That is the same reason I can’t sup-port Representative T
OM MARINO ’s nomination to head our country’s drug control policy. First of all, fundamen-tally, I don’t want an elected official, a politician, in that position. I want somebody from the treatment commu-nity. Congressman M
ARINO is a nomi-nee who, in his time in Congress, showed he was too cozy with the drug companies that helped create this epi-demic. Earlier today, President Trump re-sponded to reports about Congressman M
ARINO and said he is looking at those reports very closely. I hope he does. I hope he withdraws that nomination. Make no mistake, Congressman M
ARINO does not want to take us in the right direction in this fight. Today I was in Austintown—a town-ship on the edge of Youngstown, in Mahoning County—talking to Officer Toth and Chief Gavalier at the Austintown Police Department about the opioid crisis. It is coming up on Drug Take Back Day, where on Satur-day all over the country, the DEA is asking police departments to allow people to bring their unused drugs in to get them out of the medicine cabinets. We were talking about much more than that. We were talking about how State governments and the Federal Govern-ment haven’t stepped up the way we should to partner on prevention and education in medication-assisted ther-apy treatment and all the things we should be doing. Mr. M
ARINO seems to think we arrest our way out of this problem, but that is not what law enforcement officials across this country are saying. Detec-tive Toth and I didn’t talk about ar-resting people’s children and arresting parents. We talked about how to pro-mote the Department’s Drug Take Back Day. Addiction isn’t an individual problem or a character flaw; it is a chronic dis-ease. We need someone running our drug policy who understands that, not someone who simply wants to pull pa-tients out of treatment in the middle of an epidemic. We know what that was about when on this floor, not much more than a month ago, only by one vote were we able to preserve the treat-ment that so many opioid-addicted people are getting. Right now, in my State, 200,000 Ohioans are getting opioid treatment because they have in-surance under the Affordable Care Act. We need the enforcement piece. That is why I have introduced the bipartisan INTERDICT Act and why I have worked with Senator PORTMAN on this to make sure we have resources for Customs and Border Protection agents to screen packages effectively and safe-ly before they reach our neighborhood. It has been more than 8 weeks since President Trump promised a national disaster declaration. We have yet to see a strategy from the White House. Other than a nominee who thinks one locks people up to defeat the opioid epidemic, we have seen no strategy from the White House to deal with the epidemic. Ohio families cannot afford to wait. Let me close with this. A few months ago, I was in Cincinnati, at the Talbert House, and I met with a father who was there with his 30-year-old daughter. He told me that his daughter would not be there right now, that she would not still be alive, if it were not for Med-icaid and the treatment for addiction that she received because of it. We know what we have to do to deal with this epidemic. I ask the President to do the right thing, and I ask the Senate to do the right thing and move forward. It is the biggest public health emergency in our lifetimes. We need the people who are in charge of our drug control policy to treat it that way. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, let me echo the remarks of the senior Senator from Ohio. Like Ohio, Rhode Island has a very significant opioid problem, and we came together in this Chamber to sup-port the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act. I had the privilege of being the principal Democratic author of that piece of legislation, and Sen-ator P
ORTMAN of Ohio was the principal Republican author of that legislation. We worked for years to set it up—to hold the hearings necessary, to get the information together, to make it work. When we did, it passed this body with a massive bipartisan expression of sup-port. It makes no sense to nominate some-body to this position who does not un-derstand what we understand, which is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16OC6.011 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6391 October 16, 2017 
that the drug epidemic is, at its heart, a public health emergency and an ill-ness. A reversion to law enforcement harshness in dealing with this problem will simply not be effective. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. President, now, if I may, I turn to my 182nd appearance to remind us of the global crisis of climate change, which has recently come so perilously close to our American shores. This recent graphic from NOAA shows above-average temperatures in our oceans. Anything that is pink is above average; if it is reddish, it is much warmer than average; and if it is really red, like here, that is a record. That is the warmest record. As one can see, from 2015, 2016, and 2017, the oceans have warmed signifi-cantly, and warmer oceans mean stronger storms. It is as simple as that. In this hurricane season, Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria have all struck the United States. It is the first time ever that the United States has been hit by three category 4 Atlantic storms in 1 year. Hurricane Ophelia, now out in the Atlantic, has become the 10th consecutive hurricane- strength storm. That ties a record that was set way back in the 1800s. We have gone more than a century without hav-ing this kind of storm activity. It is a rarity, but it is going to be less and less of a rarity because the oceans are warmer. That powers up those big storms, and those big storms bring damage to property and infrastructure. They destroy businesses and homes. Away from the coastline, other as-pects of climate change bring an array of other harms, like longer and fiercer wildfire seasons, as California is expe-riencing; depleted fish stocks, as our Rhode Island fishermen are experi-encing; decreased agricultural yields, as the Midwest is experiencing; acidifying seas, as the northwest coast is experiencing; and risks to human health from new disease vectors and hotter heat waves felt across our coun-try. All of these harms carry costs. To-gether, these costs are known as the social cost of carbon pollution. It is the cost to people and to communities of carbon pollution and climate change. During the Obama administration, by scientists and economists from across the Federal Government who relied on scientific literature and well-vetted models, the social cost of carbon was put at around $50 per ton of carbon di-oxide. There is a new book out by a number of conservative economists and scientists that looks at the climate change problem and recommends a rev-enue-neutral, border-adjustable carbon fee as a solution. In that book, the ex-emplar carbon price also runs at about $50 per ton of emitted carbon. It tracks from the Obama administration to con-servative analysts as well. This social cost of carbon is well es-tablished. Over and over, courts have instructed Federal agencies to factor the social cost of carbon into their per-mits and regulations. States are using a social cost of carbon in their policy-making. Major American corpora-tions—even ExxonMobil—factor a so-cial cost of carbon into their planning and accounting, and the social cost of carbon is at the heart of the Inter-national Monetary Fund’s calculation that the fossil fuel industry gets an an-nual subsidy in the United States of $700 billion—that is ‘‘billion’’ with a ‘‘b.’’ The point of this particular speech is that a new calculation has emerged, not just of the harm of carbon pollu-tion, but of how individual fossil fuel companies have contributed to that harm. This was not just some op-ed, nor was it the phony hack science that the fossil fuel industry cranks out to propagate climate denial on the talk show circuit. This is a peer-reviewed study that was published in the sci-entific journal Climatic Change. The study tells us that major fossil fuel producers are responsible for as much as half of the recorded global sur-face temperature increase. Then it dives down into the data for individual companies and demonstrates a method for attributing the real, observable ef-fects of climate change to the likes of Chevron, ExxonMobil, ConocoPhillips, Peabody Energy, Arch Coal, and Devon Energy, among about 50 investor- owned, carbon-producing companies. The history here is telling. More than half of all emissions that were traced to carbon producers from 1880 to 2010—across a span of 130 years—were produced after 1986, which was just in the last 24 years. This was when the climate risks of fossil fuel combustion were well established. Those were the years in which we knew. Many of these companies knew the harm of their fos-sil fuel products; yet they carried out a decades-long campaign to deceive the public about the risks of fossil fuel en-ergy production and to bring influence to bear on this institution. These companies knew that their products posed a threat to the global environment. They could have taken steps to reduce emissions. They could have invested in new technologies and emissions reduction technologies and renewable energy. They could have communicated honestly with their shareholders and with the public. They chose not to—an infamous decision that has kept carbon pollution dump-ing into the atmosphere, where it will affect the chemistry, the physics, and the biology of our planet for centuries to come. This is this generation’s sad and sordid legacy. This study shows that we can trace those harms back to individual compa-nies, to their boards of directors, and to their managers. We can use the emissions data from this study. In using those established social cost of carbon estimates, we can estimate in-dividual corporate accountability. This is new. In using the study’s emissions data and the social cost of carbon, we can calculate, for instance, the carbon pol-lution cost for which ExxonMobil is ac-countable. If one does this for 2010— just that 1-year’s worth—the cost to the rest of us was over $22 billion. For Chevron, in 2010, it was $14.5 billion. For BP, it was $18.8 billion just for the harm that they caused in 2010. What about some of the major coal compa-nies, like Peabody and Arch? Pollution attributable to Peabody Energy had a cost of $17.8 billion just for 2010. For Arch Coal, it was $11.7 billion. For Devon Energy, it was $3 billion. Devon, one may remember, is the company whose lobbying letter EPA Adminis-trator Scott Pruitt put on his official Oklahoma attorney general letterhead, in the masquerade of official duty on behalf of special interests, which is still his hallmark now that he is at the EPA. If we add up all of this, we are looking at $88 billion in attributable damages—attributable to ExxonMobil, Chevron, BP, Peabody, Arch, and Devon—just for 2010. That is a 1-year cost that we all bear for allowing these polluters to pollute our air and oceans for free. That is why the IMF said that the subsidy was $700 billion. As nature has so powerfully shown us this year, taxpayers, communities, and local businesses, especially those in vulnerable coastal areas, bear the cost of the irresponsible choices these big polluters have made. This is the cost these companies transferred to us by spending millions of dollars in deceiv-ing the public about climate science and in using millions more in political spending in order to block sensible lim-its on carbon emissions. They spent millions to dodge billions, and we let them get away with it. Perhaps judges and juries will be less manipulable. After all, one of the rea-sons that the Founding Fathers set up an independent judiciary and inde-pendent juries is that, in their being experienced politicians, they had seen that the political branches of govern-ment could be captured by special in-terests—what the Founders would have called factions—just as we now are cap-tured by the fossil fuel industry here in Congress. The average number of billion-dollar weather disasters is about five per year. That is the average in any given year, about five over the long term. Here we are, and it is only October, and 2017 has already seen 15 billion-dollar weather disasters—15 of them just this year, so far. But the real multibillion-dollar dis-aster is a captured Congress. We actu-ally have a remedy right before us that ought to be a bipartisan remedy: a car-bon fee like the one Senator S
CHATZ  and I introduced in our American Op-portunity Carbon Fee Act. Virtually every Republican who has thought the climate change problem through to a solution comes to the same place. They all come to the same place: Put a price on carbon emissions, let the market work, avoid what is called the negative externality of the carbon polluters not having to pay for their harm, make the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16OC6.020 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6392 October 16, 2017 
economics correct by virtually everybody’s economic principles, and take the revenue that is collected from that price on carbon and return it all to the American people. It is a border- adjustable, revenue-neutral carbon fee. Former Republican Treasury Secre-taries Baker, Schultz, and Paulson, and former Republican EPA Administra-tors Ruckelshaus, Thomas, Reilly, and Whitman and leading Republican con-servative economists and former Re-publican Presidential advisers Arthur Laffer, Gregory Mankiw, and Douglas Holtz-Eakin, among many, many oth-ers, support a revenue-neutral, border- adjustable carbon fee. It is the market approach of properly pricing this pollu-tion to eliminate that negative exter-nality and to put the cost into the price of the product in the way that Economics 101 suggests it should be to avoid giving this industry this massive subsidy. That is where the Republicans who thought this through want us to be. On my side, our answer is yes, but here in Congress, are we there yet? We just will not do it. We just will not do it because the shadow of the fossil fuel industry’s millions of dollars in decep-tion and political muscle power falls too darkly on this supposedly august institution. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of the following nomination: Executive Cal-endar No. 164. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Henry Kerner, of California, to be Special Counsel, Of-fice of Special Counsel, for the term of five years. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Is there any further debate? Hearing none, the question is, Will the Senate advise and consent to the Kerner nomination? The nomination was confirmed. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session and be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 217, on the nomination of Callista Gingrich to be Ambassador to the Holy See. Had I been present, I would have voted yea.∑ 
f 
ARMS SALES NOTIFICATION Mr. CORKER. Mr. President, section 36(b) of the Arms Export Control Act requires that Congress receive prior no-tification of certain proposed arms sales as defined by that statute. Upon such notification, the Congress has 30 calendar days during which the sale may be reviewed. The provision stipu-lates that, in the Senate, the notifica-tion of proposed sales shall be sent to the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. In keeping with the committee’s in-tention to see that relevant informa-tion is available to the full Senate, I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD the notifications which have been received. If the cover letter references a classified annex, then such annex is available to all Senators in the office of the Foreign Relations Committee, room SD–423. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA, Oct. 12, 2017. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–26, concerning the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of Kuwait for defense articles and services estimated to cost $342.6 million. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–26 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of Kuwait. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $0.0 million. Other $342.6 million. Total $342.6 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): None. Non-MDE: Non-MDE items and services for three years (with option for two additional years) of follow-on support of two (2) C–17 aircraft includes participation in the Globemaster III Integrated Sustainment Program (GISP), contract logistic support, Class I modifications and kits support, in- country contractor support, alternate mis-sion equipment, major modification and ret-rofit, software support, aircraft maintenance and technical support, support equipment, personnel training and training equipment, additional spare and repair parts, technical orders and publications, airworthiness cer-tification support, engine spares, engine maintenance and logistics support, inspec-tions support, on-site COMSEC support, Quality Assurance and other U.S. Govern-ment and contractor engineering, logistics and program support. Required upgrades will include fixed installation satellite antenna, Mode 5, plus installation and sustainment, Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broad-cast Out, and other related elements of logis-tics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (X7–D– QAH). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: KU–D–– SAA. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: October 12, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Kuwait—Continuation of C–17 Logistics Support Services and Equipment The Government of Kuwait has requested three years (with option for two additional years) of follow-on support of two (2) C–17 aircraft, which includes participation in the Globemaster III Integrated Sustainment Program (GISP), contract logistic support, Class I modifications and kits support, in- country contractor support, alternate mis-sion equipment, major modification and ret-rofit, software support, aircraft maintenance and technical support, support equipment, personnel training and training equipment, additional spare and repair parts, technical orders and publications, airworthiness cer-tification support, engine spares, engine maintenance and logistics support, inspec-tions support, on-site COMSEC support, Quality Assurance and other U.S. Govern-ment and contractor engineering, logistics, and program support. Required upgrades will include fixed installation satellite antenna, Mode 5, plus installation and sustainment, Automatic Dependent Surveillance-Broad-cast Out, and other related elements of logis-tics and program support. The estimated cost is $342.6 million. This proposed sale will contribute to the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the se-curity of a friendly country. Kuwait plays a large role in U.S. efforts to advance stability in the Middle East, providing basing, access, and transit for U.S. forces in the region. This proposed sale is required to maintain the operational readiness of the Kuwaiti Air Force C–17 aircraft. Kuwait’s current FMS contract supporting its C–17’s will expire in September of 2017. Kuwait will have no dif-ficulty absorbing this support. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16OC6.022 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6393 October 16, 2017 
The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The prime contractor will be the Boeing Company, Chicago, IL. The purchaser typi-cally requests offsets. Any offset agreement will be defined in negotiations between the purchaser and the contractor. There is an on-going Foreign Military Sale (FMS) case providing C–17 sustainment serv-ices. There are currently nine (9) contractors from Boeing Company (aircraft) in-country providing Contractor Engineering Technical Services (CETS) on a continuing basis. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–26 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. This sale will involve the release of sen-sitive technology to the Government of Ku-wait in the performance of services to sus-tain two (2) Kuwaiti C–17 aircraft. While much of the below equipment supporting the C–17 is not new to the country, there will be replenishment spares of these following sen-sitive technologies purchased to support the fleet. 2. The Force 524D is a 24–channel Selective Availability Anti-Spoofing Module (SAASM) based Global Positioning System (GPS) re-ceiver with Precise Positioning Service (PPS) capability built upon Trimble’s next generation GPS technology. The Force 524D retains backward compatibility with the proven Force 5GS while adding new functionality to interface with digital an-tenna electronics to significantly improve Anti-Jam (AJ) performance. The host plat-form can select the radio frequency (RF) or Digital Antenna Electronics (DAE) interface. In the digital mode, the Force 524D is capa-ble of controlling up to 16 independent beams. The hardware and software associ-ated with the 542D receiver card is UNCLAS-SIFIED. 3. The C–17 aircraft will be equipped with the GPS Anti-Jam System (GAS–1) antenna which consists of a multi-element Controlled Reception Pattern Antennas (CRPA) and separate antenna electronics which is able to recognize multiple sources of deliberate jam-ming and other electrical interference allow-ing the navigation equipment to function safely, accurately, and efficiently in the presence of multiple jammers. The hardware is UNCLASSIFIED. 4. The GPS Inertial Reference Unit (IRU) is a type of inertial sensor which uses only gy-roscopes to determine a moving aircraft’s change in angular direction over a period of time. Unlike the inertial measurement unit, IRUs are generally not equipped with accelerometers, which measure acceleration forces. IRUs are used for altitude control and navigation of vehicles with relatively con-stant acceleration rates, such as larger air-craft as well as geosynchronous satellites and deep space probes. The GPS IRU is UN-CLASSIFIED. 5. Crypto applique´for Mode 5 Identifica-tion Friend or Foe (IFF), which includes hardware that is UNCLASSIFIED. 6. Software, hardware, and other data/in-formation, which is sensitive, is reviewed prior to release to protect system vulnerabilities, design data, and performance parameters. Potential compromise of these systems is controlled through management of the basic software programs of highly sen-sitive systems and software-controlled weap-on systems on a case-by-case basis. 7. Kuwait is both willing and able to pro-tect United States Classified Military Infor-mation (CMI). Kuwaiti physical and docu-ment security standards are equivalent to U.S. standards. Kuwait has demonstrated its willingness and capability to protect sen-sitive military technology and information released to its military in the past. Kuwait is firmly committed to its relationship with the U.S. and to its promise to protect CMI and prevent its transfer to a third party. The Government of Kuwait signed a Technical Security Arrangement (TSA) with the USG on 01 January 1989 that commits them to the protection of CMI. 8. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware or software source code in this pro-posed sale, the information could be used to develop countermeasures which might re-duce weapon system effectiveness or be used in the development of systems with similar or advanced capabilities. The benefits to be derived from this sale in the furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objectives, as outlined in the Policy Jus-tification, outweigh the potential damage that could result if the sensitive technology were revealed to unauthorized persons. 9. All defense articles and services listed on this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of Kuwait. 
DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION  A
GENCY , Arlington, VA, October 11, 2017. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–47, concerning the Navy’s proposed Let-ter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Govern-ment of the Czech Republic for defense arti-cles and services estimated to cost $575 mil-lion. After this letter is delivered to your of-fice, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–47 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Government of the Czech Republic. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $335.9 million. Other $239.1 million. Total $575.0 million. (iii) Description and Ouantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Twelve (12) UH–1Y Utility Helicopters. Twenty-five (25) T–700 GE 401C Engines (twenty-four (24) installed, one (1) spare). Thirteen (13) Honey-well Embedded Global Positioning Systems (GPS)/Inertial Navigation System (INS) (EGI) (twelve (12) installed, one (1) spare). Twelve (12) 7.62mm M240 Machine Guns. Non-MDE includes: Brite Star II FLIR sys-tem, Aircraft Survivability Equipment (ASE) (includes the AN/AAR–47 Missile Warning and Laser Detection System, AN/ ALE–47 Counter Measure Dispensing System (CMDS) and the AN/APR–39 Radar Warning Receiver (RWR)), Joint Mission Planning Systems, Helmet Mounted Displays, commu-nication equipment, small caliber gun sys-tems including GAU–17A and GAU–21, elec-tronic warfare systems, Identification Friend or Foe (IFF) Mode 4/5 transponder, support equipment, spare engine containers, spare and repair parts, tools and test equipment, technical data and publications, personnel training and training equipment, U.S. gov-ernment and contractor engineering, tech-nical, and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistics and pro-gram support. (iv) Military Department: Navy. (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: None. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: October 11, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Czech Republic—UH–1Y Utility Helicopters The Government of the Czech Republic has requested the possible sale of twelve (12) UH– 1Y utility helicopters, twenty-five (25) T–700 GE 401C engines (twenty-four (24) installed, one (1) spare), thirteen (13) Honeywell Em-bedded GPS/INS (EGI) (twelve (12) installed, one (1) spare), and twelve (12) 7.62mm M240 Machine Guns. This request also includes Brite Star II FLIR system, Aircraft Surviv-ability Equipment (ASE) (includes the AN/ AAR–47 Missile Warning and Laser Detection System, AN/ALE–47 Counter Measure Dis-pensing System (CMDS) and the AN/APR–39 Radar Warning Receiver (RWR)), Joint Mis-sion Planning Systems, Helmet Mounted Displays, communication equipment, small caliber gun systems including GAU–17A and GAU–21, electronic warfare systems, Identi-fication Friend or Foe (1FF) Mode 4/5 trans-ponder, support equipment, spare engine con-tainers, spare and repair parts, tools and test equipment, technical data and publications, personnel training and training equipment, U.S. government and contractor engineering, technical, and logistics support services, and other related elements of logistics and pro-gram support. The estimated cost is $575 mil-lion. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security of the United States by helping to improve the security of a NATO partner that is an important force for ensuring peace and stability in Europe. The proposed sale will support the Czech Re-public’s needs for its own self-defense and support NATO defense goals. The Czech Republic intends to use these helicopters to modernize its armed forces and strengthen its homeland defense and deter regional threats. This will contribute to the Czech Republic’s military goal of up-dating its capabilities while further enhanc-ing interoperability with the United States and other NATO allies. The Czech Republic will have no difficulty absorbing these heli-copters into its armed forces. This proposed sale of equipment and sup-port will not alter the basic military balance in the region. The principal contractors will be Bell Heli-copter, Textron, Fort Worth, Texas; and General Electric Company, Lynn, Massachu-setts. There are no known offset agreements proposed in conjunction with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require multiple trips by U.S. Government and contractor representatives to participate in program and technical reviews plus train-ing and maintenance support in country, on a temporary basis, for a period of twenty- four (24) months. It will also require three (3) Contractor Engineering Technical Service (CETS) representatives to reside in country for a period of two (2) years to support this program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.052 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6394 October 16, 2017 
There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–47 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The following components and technical documentation for the program are classified as listed below: a. The UH–1Y-model has an Integrated Avi-onics System (IAS) which includes two (2) mission computers and an automatic flight control system. Each crew station has two (2) 8 x 6-inch multifunction liquid crystal displays (LCD) and one (1) 4.2 x 4.2-inch dual function LCD display. The communications suite will have COMSEC ARC–210 Ultra High Frequency Very High Frequency (UHF/VHF) radios with associated communications equipment. The navigation suite includes Honeywell Embedded Global Positioning System (GPS) Inertial Navigation System (INS) (EGI) w/Precise Positioning Service (PPS), a digital map system, a low-airspeed air data subsystem, and an AN/APX–123/A(V) IFF Transponder. b. The crew is equipped with the Optimized Top Owl (OTO) helmet-mounted sight and display system. The OTO has a Day Display Module (DDM) and a Night Display Module (NDM). The UH–1Y has survivability equip-ment including the AN/AAR–47 Missile Warn-ing and Laser Detection System, AN/ALE–47 Counter Measure Dispensing System (CMDS) and the AN/APR–39 Radar Warning Receiver (RWR) to cover countermeasure dispensers, radar warning, incoming/on-way missile warning and on-fuselage laser-spot warning systems. c. The following performance data and technical characteristics are classified as follows for the UH–1Y Airframe: counter-measure capability—up to SECRET, counter- countermeasures capability—SECRET, vul-nerability to countermeasures—SECRET, vulnerability to electromagnetic pulse from nuclear environmental effects—SECRET. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the infor-mation could be used to develop counter-measures which might reduce weapon system effectiveness. 3. The consequences of the loss of this technology to a technologically advanced or competent adversary could result in the compromise of equivalent systems, which in turn could reduce those weapons systems’ ef-fectiveness, or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabili-ties. 4. A determination has been made that the Czech Republic can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Gov-ernment. This sale of the UH–1Y helicopter and associated weapons will further U.S. for-eign policy and national security objectives. 5. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of the Czech Republic. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY  Arlington, VA, Oct. 11, 2017. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–46, concerning the Air Force’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Acceptance to the Gov-ernment of the Netherlands for defense arti-cles and services estimated to cost $53 mil-lion. After this letter is delivered to your of-fice, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, CHARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA, Director. Enclosures. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–46 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: The Government of the Netherlands. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $48 million. Other $5 million. Total $53 million. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Twenty-six (26) AIM–120 C–7 Advanced Me-dium Range Air-to-Air Missiles (AMRAAM). One (1) AMRAAM Spare Guidance Section. Non-MDE: Twenty (20) AMRAAM Captive Air Training Missiles (CATM), missile con-tainers, control section spares, weapon sys-tems support, test equipment, spare and re-pair parts, publications and technical docu-mentation, personnel training, training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, logistics, technical support services, and other related elements of logis-tics and program support. (iv) Military Department: Air Force (X7–D– YAE). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: NE–D–YME for two hundred (200) AIM–120B. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee, etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: October 11, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Government of the Netherlands—AIM–120 C– 7 Advanced Medium Range Air-to-Air Mis-sile (AMRAAM) The Government of the Netherlands has re-quested a possible sale of twenty-six (26) AIM–120 C–7 Advanced Medium Range Air-to- Air Missiles (AMRAAM), one (1) AMRAAM Guidance Section Spare (MDE items), twen-ty (20) AMRAAM Captive Air Training Mis-siles (CATM), missile containers, control section spares, weapon systems support, test equipment, spare and repair parts, publica-tions and technical documentation, per-sonnel training, training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor engineering, lo-gistics, technical support services, and other related elements of logistics and program support. The estimated total case value is $53 million. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by helping to improve the security of a NATO ally which continues to be an important force for political stability and economic progress in Europe. The proposed sale will improve the Nether-land’s capabilities for mutual defense, re-gional security, force modernization, and U.S. and NATO interoperability. This sale will enhance the Royal Netherlands Air Force’s ability to defend the Netherlands against future threats and contribute to cur-rent and future NATO operations. The Neth-erlands maintains the AIM–120B in its inven-tory and will have no difficulty absorbing these missiles into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment will not alter the basic military balance in the region. The prime contractor will be Raytheon Missile Systems, Tucson, AZ. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connec-tion with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will not require the assignment of any additional U.S. Government personnel or contractor representatives to the Netherlands. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–46 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. AIM–120C Advanced Medium Range Air- to-Air Missile (AMRAAM) is a radar-guided missile featuring digital technology and micro-miniature solid-state electronics. AMRAAM capabilities include look-down/ shoot-down, multiple launches against mul-tiple targets, resistance to electronic counter measures, and interception of high flying, low flying, and maneuvering targets. The AMRAAM is classified CONFIDENTIAL, major components and subsystems range from UNCLASSIFIED to CONFIDENTIAL, and technology data and other documenta-tion are classified up to SECRET. 2. If a technologically advanced adversary obtains knowledge of the specific hardware and software elements, the information could be used to develop countermeasures or equivalent systems that might reduce weap-on system effectiveness or be used in the de-velopment of a system with similar or ad-vanced capabilities. 3. A determination has been made that the Government of the Netherlands can provide substantially the same degree of protection for the sensitive technology being released as the U.S. Government. This proposed sale is necessary to the furtherance of the U.S. foreign policy and national security objec-tives outlined in the policy justification. 4. All defense articles and services listed in this transmittal are authorized for release and export to the Government of the Nether-lands. 
DEFENSE SECURITY  C
OOPERATION AGENCY , Arlington, VA, Oct. 6, 2017. Hon. B
OBCORKER , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Pursuant to the re-porting requirements of Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended, we are forwarding herewith Transmittal No. 17–28, concerning the Missile Defense Agen-cy’s proposed Letter(s) of Offer and Accept-ance to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia for de-fense articles and services estimated to cost $15 billion. After this letter is delivered to your office, we plan to issue a news release to notify the public of this proposed sale. Sincerely, C
HARLES W. H OOPER , Lieutenant General, USA Director. Enclosure. 
TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–28 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended (i) Prospective Purchaser: Saudi Arabia. (ii) Total Estimated Value: Major Defense Equipment* $ 9 billion. Other $ 6 billion. Total $15 billion. (iii) Description and Quantity or Quan-tities of Articles or Services under Consider-ation for Purchase: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.053 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6395 October 16, 2017 
Major Defense Equipment (MDE): Forty-four (44) Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) Launchers. Three hundred sixty (360) THAAD Inter-ceptor Missiles. Sixteen (16) THAAD Fire Control and Com-munications Mobile Tactical Station Group. Seven (7) AN/TPY–2 THAAD Radars. Non-MDE: Also included are THAAD Battery mainte-nance equipment, forty-three (43) prime movers (trucks), generators, electrical power units, trailers, communications equipment, tools, test and maintenance equipment, re-pair and return, system integration and checkout, spare/repair parts, publications and technical documentation, personnel training and training equipment, U.S. Gov-ernment and contractor technical and logis-tics personnel support services, facilities construction, studies, and other related ele-ments of logistics and program support. (iv) Military Departments: Missile Defense Agency (XX–I–W1B, XX–I–WIC); Army (XX– B–TFP, XX–B–BDP, XX–B–ZAO, XX–B–DAH, XX–B–ZAQ, XX–B–OZY, XX–B–HFA); NSA (XX–M–AAG). (v) Prior Related Cases, if any: SR–I–WIA Basic, 2 February 2015; Amendment 1, 25 Au-gust 2016. (vi) Sales Commission, Fee. etc., Paid, Of-fered, or Agreed to be Paid: None. (vii) Sensitivity of Technology Contained in the Defense Article or Defense Services Proposed to be Sold: See Attached Annex. (viii) Date Report Delivered to Congress: October 6, 2017. *As defined in Section 47(6) of the Arms Export Control Act. 
POLICY JUSTIFICATION  Saudi Arabia—Terminal High Altitude Area Defense and Related Support Equipment and Services The Government of Saudi Arabia has re-quested a possible sale of forty-four (44) Ter-minal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) launchers, three hundred sixty (360) THAAD Interceptor Missiles, sixteen (16) THAAD Fire Control and Communications Mobile Tactical Station Group, seven (7) AN/TPY–2 THAAD radars. Also included are THAAD Battery maintenance equipment, forty-three (43) prime movers (trucks), generators, elec-trical power units, trailers, communications equipment, tools, test and maintenance equipment, repair and return, system inte-gration and checkout, spare/repair parts, publications and technical documentation, personnel training and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor technical and logistics personnel support services, fa-cilities construction, studies, and other re-lated elements of logistics and program sup-port. The estimated cost is $15 billion. This proposed sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the United States by improving the security of a friendly country. This sale furthers U.S. national security and foreign policy inter-ests, and supports the long-term security of Saudi Arabia and the Gulf region in the face of Iranian and other regional threats. This potential sale will substantially increase Saudi Arabia’s capability to defend itself against the growing ballistic missile threat in the region. THAAD’s exo-atmospheric, hit-to-kill capability will add an upper-tier to Saudi Arabia’s layered missile defense ar-chitecture and will support modernization of the Royal Saudi Air Defense Force (RSADF). Saudi Arabia will have no difficulty absorb-ing this equipment into its armed forces. The proposed sale of this equipment and support will not alter the basic military bal-ance in the region. The principal contractors for the THAAD system are Lockheed Martin Space Systems Corporation, Dallas, TX, Camden, AR, Troy, AL and Huntsville, AL; and Raytheon Cor-poration, Andover, MA. There are no known offset agreements proposed in connection with this potential sale. Implementation of this proposed sale will require one hundred eleven (111) contractor representatives and eighteen (18) U.S. Gov-ernment personnel in country for an ex-tended period of time. There will be no adverse impact on U.S. de-fense readiness as a result of this proposed sale. TRANSMITTAL NO . 17–28 Notice of Proposed Issuance of Letter of Offer Pursuant to Section 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act Annex Item No. vii (vii) Sensitivity of Technology: 1. The Terminal High Altitude Area De-fense System (THAAD) Ballistic Missile De-fense (BMD) System contains classified CON-FIDENTIAL/SECRET components and crit-ical/sensitive technology. The THAAD Fire Unit is a ground-based, forward deployable terminal missile defense system that rep-resents significant technological advances. The THAAD system continues to hold a technology lead over other terminal ballistic missile systems. THAAD is the first weapon system with both endo- and exo- atmospheric capability developed specifically to defend against ballistic missiles. The higher alti-tude and theater-wide protection offered by THAAD provides more protection of larger areas than lower-tier systems alone. THAAD is designed to defend against short, medium, and intermediate range ballistic missiles. The THAAD system consists of four major components: Fire Control/Communications, Radar, Launchers, and Interceptor Missiles. 2. The THAAD BMD System contains sen-sitive/critical technology, primarily in the area of defense and production know-how and primarily inherent in the design, devel-opment and/or manufacturing data related to certain critical components. Information on operational effectiveness with respect to countermeasures and counter-counter-measures, low observable technologies, se-lect software documentation and test data are classified up to and including SECRET. 3. The THAAD BMD System contains Con-trolled Cryptographic Items (CCI) that are used for both system internal links and for external communications. These items con-sist of key loading devices, network encryptors, secure telephones, voice radios, tactical data radios, and mission data radios. Specific CCI used for the Saudi Arabia case will be determined through the COMSEC Re-lease Request (CRR) process, initiated through USCENTCOM once an interoper-ability requirement has been established. NSA will identify releasable items, in par-allel with staffing and validation of the CRR by the Joint Staff. The Committee for Na-tional Security Systems (CNSS) reviews and provides final approval of the items and quantities. 4. AN/VCR–90, AN/VCR–91, AN/VCR–92 are different configurations of the Single Chan-nel Ground and Airborne Radio System (SINCGARS) family. SINCGARS is a tactical radio providing secure jam-resistant voice and data communications of command, con-trol, targeting, and technical information for the Terminal High Altitude Air Defense (THAAD) system. The spread-spectrum fre-quency hopping Electronic Counter-Counter Measures (ECCM) technology resident in the radio is sensitive but UNCLASSIFIED. While sensitive, the frequency-hopping algorithms used to generate the ECCM waveform are unique to the country of ownership and can-not be manipulated by potential adversaries for use or interference with other countries possessing SINCGARS technology. Should a potential adversary come into possession of one of these radios, they would have the po-tential to intercept operational command, control, and targeting information. This po-tential problem is mitigated by the fact that the customer can secure information passed over the radio network using a commercial grade security capability equivalent to an Advanced Encryption Standard (AES) 256–bit encryption system whose keys are controlled by the customer country. 5. As with the SINCGARS family of radios, the AN/PRC–117 is a tactical radio providing ECCM jam-resistant secure communications for exchange of command, control, and tar-geting information within the THAAD sys-tem tactical radio network. ECCM capabili-ties are sensitive but UNCLASSIFIED and algorithms for these jam-resistant wave-forms are unique to the customer country. Unlike the SINCGARS radios, the AN/PRC– 117 uses Type 1 encryption. When loaded with U.S. crypto keys, the system is then CLAS-SIFIED up to SECRET. Should a potential adversary come into possession of one of these radios, the customer country can quickly remotely rekey remaining radios, preventing potential adversaries from under-standing received command, control, and targeting information. 6. The Defense Advanced Global Posi-tioning System (GPS) Receiver (DAGR) is a handheld GPS location device with map background displaying the user’s location. Unlike commercial grade GPS receivers ca-pable of receiving Standard Positioning Sig-nals (SPS) from GPS satellites, the DAGR is capable of receiving Precise Positioning Sig-nals (PPS). PPS satellite signals provide sig-nificantly more accurate location data than do SPS signals. This capability within DAGRs is possible due to the Selective Availability Anti-Spoofing Module (SAASM). The SAASM is an encrypted device permit-ting both receipt of PPS signals and the ben-efit of preventing potential adversaries from spoofing the system to display incorrect lo-cation information. The SAASM capability within the DAGR is sensitive but UNCLAS-SIFIED. The SAASM capabilities are sen-sitive due to the system’s ability to access restricted PPS GPS satellite signals and to prevent spoofing. While sensitive, the ability of potential adversaries to exploit the sys-tem is limited. 7. The same SAASM capabilities resident in the DAGR are also resident in the THAAD GPS timing system. The THAAD system re-quires highly precise timing hacks in order accurately track and engage targets. The PPS signals generated by GPS satellites pro-vide this precise timing information. The SAASM device resident in the timing system permits receipt of this precise PPS timing data. The SAASM is an encrypted device per-mitting both receipt of PPS signals and the benefit of preventing potential adversaries from spoofing the system to display incor-rect data. The SAASM capability within the timing system is sensitive but UNCLASSI-FIED. 8. If a technologically advanced adversary were to obtain knowledge of specific hard-ware, the information could be used to de-velop countermeasures which might reduce weapons system effectiveness or be used in the development of a system with similar or advanced capabilities. 9. A determination has been made that Saudi Arabia can provide substantially the same degree of protection for sensitive tech-nology being released as the U.S. Govern-ment. This proposed sustainment program is necessary to the furtherance of the U.S. for-eign policy and national security objectives outlined in the policy justification. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.055 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6396 October 16, 2017 
10. All defense articles and services listed on this transmittal are authorized for re-lease and export to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. f 
KEEP AMERICA’S REFUGES OPERATIONAL ACT Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, in cele-bration of National Wildlife Refuge Week, Senator B
ARRASSO and I intro-duced legislation just prior to the re-cent recess to reauthorize the National Wildlife Refuge System’s volunteer and partnerships program. I want to share with our colleagues some information about S. 1940, the Keep America’s Ref-uges Operational Act, and ask for their support. The Keep America’s Refuges Oper-ational Act reauthorizes the volunteer and partnerships program, with no in-crease, at $2 million per year. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service will use this authorization of Federal funding to provide volunteer uniforms, training, equipment, and necessary travel. The bill also allows volunteer groups to use this modest funding for administrative expenses directly related to the pro-gram. For example, these groups will now be able to use funding to complete ad-ministrative requirements of coopera-tive agreements with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. Cooperative agree-ments enable volunteers to assist the agency in technical activities, such as bird banding, other wildlife tagging, and research. Our National Wildlife Refuge System is an exceptional network of public lands and waters dedicated to fish and wildlife conservation. More than 40 million people visit our refuges each year to explore, fish, hunt, and view and study wildlife. This ecotourism in-dustry strongly supports local econo-mies. Volunteers are critical to refuge op-erations, making up 20 percent of the refuge system’s workforce. Volunteers assist with fish and wildlife surveys, restoring habitat, and supporting ref-uge office functions. Without volun-teers and partner groups, refuges may have to cut back on public programs and reduce hours of operation. In my home State of Delaware, we have two beautiful refuges: the Prime Hook National Wildlife Refuge and the Bombay Hook National Wildlife Ref-uge. The two refuges employ only 10 full time staff, and both refuges are highly dependent upon volunteers. Each year, people come to our ref-uges to observe the federally threat-ened Red Knot shorebird, which stops along the Delaware Bay to refuel on horseshoe crab eggs along its migra-tion journey. Volunteers make sure these visitors have memorable experi-ences. When people can see these pristine habitats and the many species that call them home, they are inspired to be good stewards of our planet for the en-joyment and benefit of future genera-tions. I want to ensure that these opportu-nities abound, in Delaware and around the country. A small annual invest-ment in the refuge system volunteer and partnerships program goes a long way. Every $1 appropriated to coordi-nate these volunteers translates to $10 worth of volunteer services. These appropriations also help cut government costs. In fiscal year 2016, 40,000 volunteers donated 1.4 million hours, with donated time equaling that of 649 full-time employees. I want to thank Senator B
ARRASSO  for cosponsoring this commonsense leg-islation. I look forward to working with him and our colleagues in the House to pass the Keep America’s Ref-uges Operational Act and enact it into law. Thank you. 
f 
CONFIRMATION OF AJIT PAI Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I do not believe Chairman Pai should have been confirmed to serve a full 5- year term as Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, FCC. Since assuming the leadership role at the Commission, Chairman Pai has sys-tematically advanced policies that ad-vance corporate interests at the ex-pense of American consumers. Chairman Pai’s decision to open an NPRM that will eventually reverse the 2015 open internet order is an egregious example of his misplaced priorities. In 2016, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit confirmed that the open internet order was a lawful exercise of the Commission’s regulatory author-ity. Broadband service providers must provide fair and equal access to all users, regardless of socioeconomic sta-tus. Over 18 million Americans sub-mitted comments urging the Commis-sion to maintain regulations that im-pose transparency and prevent ISPs from throttling or discriminating against certain data. Numerous polls have shown that Americans, across the political spectrum, overwhelmingly support regulations that would prevent broadband companies from discrimi-nating against certain data. Chairman Pai claims that the 2015 order caused a decrease in broadband investment, but the evidence suggests otherwise. I wrote to Chairman Pai about the evidence that he frequently cites to support his allegations of de-pressed investment—evidence, which I believe, is incomplete and inconclusive. As technology develops and consumers become even more dependent upon internet access, it is imperative that the FCC ensures that the internet is not divided between the have and the have-nots. I was also disappointed by Chairman Pai’s support for Congress’s actions to repeal the Federal Communications Commission’s broadband privacy rules. These rules are especially important in light of recent data breaches. Every website we visit and every link we click leaves an unintended trail that tells a story about our lives. ISPs can collect information about our location, children, sensitive information, family status, financial information, Social Security Numbers, web browsing his-tory, and even the content of commu-nications. ISPs sell this highly sen-sitive and highly personal data to the highest bidder without consumer’s con-sent or knowledge. The Commission’s rules empowered consumers and gave them tools to protect their privacy though transparency, choice, and data security. In supporting the rule’s re-peal, Chairman Pai demonstrated that he does not believe that Americans should have control over their data. The rise of the internet of things, telehealth, and smart agriculture means that American consumers need an FCC that is on watch and com-mitted to protecting their interests. I hope that Chairman Pai will reverse course and will stop putting the inter-ests of big corporations ahead of the in-terests of American consumers. 
f 
REMEMBERING LIEUTENANT THOMAS F. BURKHART AND VET-ERANS OF THE WAR IN THE PA-CIFIC Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, this week my constituent Caroline Burkhart of Baltimore, MD, is on a his-toric trip to Japan of remembrance and reconciliation. A guest of the Japanese Government, she will follow the jour-ney of her father, Thomas F. Burkhart, who was a prisoner of war of imperial Japan 75 years ago. Her trip will in-clude a visit to the site of the camp in which her father was held as a POW. At the start of WWII, Lieutenant Burkhart served in the Philippines with the Headquarters Company of the 45th Infantry, Philippine Scouts, an elite U.S. Army unit composed of American officers and Filipino enlisted men. After Japan’s December 8, 1941, invasion of the Philippines, his bat-talion helped defend the withdrawal of American forces on Luzon to the Ba-taan Peninsula. Barely a month after being promoted to first lieutenant, on January 24, 1942, Lieutenant Burkhart earned a Silver Star for ‘‘Gallantry in Action’’ at the Battle of Abucay Haci-enda, January 15 to 25, 1942, which maintained the first battle position on Bataan. Sick with malaria, Lieutenant Burkhart was in the open-air general hospital No. 1 near the tip of Bataan when Major General Edward King sur-rendered the peninsula to Japanese forces on April 9, 1942. Soon thereafter, the patients were taken by truck, box-car, and foot up to Camp O’Donnell, an overcrowded, makeshift POW camp. In early June, the Japanese, fearing the deaths of the prisoners from the hor-rific conditions in the camp, began to release their Filipino POWs and trans-fer the others to a new facility at Caba-natuan. It is estimated that 1,550 Americans and 22,000 Filipinos died at Camp O’Donnell, the overwhelming majority within the first 8 weeks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.055 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6397 October 16, 2017 
On November 6, 1942, Lieutenant Burkhart was among 1,500 prisoners packed into the coal bunker of the un-marked ‘‘hell ship’’ Nagato Maru to Japan. It took three torturous weeks for the ship to make its way from the tropics to the cold of Northeast Asia. Lieutenant Burkhart, nearly blind from malnutrition, was used as a slave laborer for the construction company Toshima Group—today’s Tobishima Corporation. He was soon moved to the Hiroshima No. 1–B Zentsuji POW Camp on the island of Shikoku. The enlisted men at Zentsuji were slave stevedores for Nippon Express Co.—Nippon Tsuun—at Sakaide Rail Yards and the Port of Takamatsu. As an officer, Lieu-tenant Burkhart worked in the camp garden. On June 23, 1945, he and 334 of-ficers were transferred to POW Camp 11–B Rokuroshi, deep in the Japanese Alps. Food was scarce, conditions were overcrowded, and winter clothes were unavailable, leading many to fear that they would not survive the harsh win-ter. Lieutenant Burkhart was liberated from this camp in early September. Lieutenant Burkhart remained in the Army and had a distinguished career with the quartermaster corps, retiring in 1957 as a lieutenant colonel in the U.S. Army Reserve. Throughout his life, he was plagued by health problems most likely caused by the illnesses and hardships of being a POW. In 1972, at age 57, he passed away and was buried in Arlington National Cemetery. Thomas Burkhart’s daughter Caro-line has honored his memory by work-ing tirelessly to preserve the history of the POW experience and to teach its lessons of American perseverance and grit. Ms. Burkhart is an active member of the American Defenders of Bataan and Corregidor Memorial Society. In this year, the 75th anniversary of the fall of the Philippines, we appreciate the effort by Japan to reach out to Ms. Burkhart and the American POWs in the spirit of reconciliation and healing. I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing Caroline Burkhart a safe and meaningful journey and in expressing our gratitude and appreciation to Thomas F. Burkhart and all veterans of the war in the Pacific for their he-roic service and sacrifice. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GEORGE JAMES WRIGHT Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor George James Wright, a resident of Laurel, MT, and a veteran of the Second World War. George, I would like to thank you and your family on behalf of Montana and the United States of America for your service to our Nation in times of war. George was born on June 14, 1923, in Hinsdale, MT. Like many Montanans from Valley County, he made a living off the land farming and ranching. He worked hard alongside his older brother, where he remembers driving the tractor and looking up into the big blue Montana sky. Also, like many Montanans, he did not back down from answering the call to serve his Nation when we needed him most. In 1943, George enlisted in the Army, making him the first in his family to serve in the military. He spent over 2 years fighting in the jungles and on the beaches of the Phil-ippines and New Guinea as a proud member of the 32nd Infantry Division. He braved the mud. He braved the rain. He braved the bugs, and he braved the bullets. He saw the unimaginable, as Japa-nese kamikaze pilots slammed their airplanes into American ships. He did the unbelievable, driving Army bulldozers into the unknown, making sure our soldiers got the sup-plies and food they desperately needed. He served our Nation with bravery, courage, and dignity, working his way up to the rank of T5. After America’s victory, George came home, and returned to those same Montana fields and skies. After seeing the war’s destruction firsthand, he knew that the world need-ed to be rebuilt, and he knew he was the person for the job. He took what he learned on the battlefield and spent his next years doing construction work. He married the love of his life, Viv-ian, who we remember today, and they had two children Roland and Sharon. At the time, he did not receive the recognition that he was due for his service to our Nation, but we are here today to make that right. Now, a proud father, grandfather of two, and great-grandfather of seven, he will get that long overdue acknowl-edgement. I have the proud honor of presenting him with the following: Bronze Star Medal with one Bronze Service Star, Good Conduct Medal—Army, American Campaign Medal with three Bronze Service Stars, World War II Victory Medal, Philippine Liberation Ribbon with one Bronze Service Star, and Hon-orable Service Lapel Pin—WWII. George, you are a Montana farmer through and through, whether feeding Americans at home or soldiers in the field. I am proud to call myself a farmer, if only because it means I have some-thing in common with a man like George Wright. George, you have spent your life pro-viding for Montanans at home and pro-tecting Americans overseas. These medals serve as a small token of our Nation’s appreciation for your service and your sacrifice. You are an American hero and one of Montana’s best. Thank you for your service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GERALD ROBERT ZELMER Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Gerald Robert Zelmer, a veteran of the Vietnam war. Gerald, I would like to thank you, on behalf of the State of Montana, and the United States of America, for your service to this Nation. Gerald, known by his friends and family as Gerry, was born in Bismarck, ND, on June 25, 1947. He married the love of his life, Dora Jean or D.J., on October 12, 1968, in Worden, MT, at the height of the Viet-nam conflict. Two months later, Gerry was off to war. He attended boot camp in Fort Lewis, WA, and then moved on to ad-vanced infantryman training in Fort Eustis, VA. He deployed soon thereafter, serving proudly with the 101st Airborne Divi-sion out of Camp Eagle. Gerry served as a helicopter crew chief, ensuring that pilots and crews were safe as they flew aerial missions. His skills on the battlefield ensured that rotary-wing aircraft were fine- tuned and ready to take off for their missions. Gerry is a fixer and a problem solver. In Vietnam, he fixed helicopters and kept our birds in the air, covering our soldiers on the ground. When he returned from war, he worked as a maintenance foreman at Montana Sulphur and Chemical. It is his skills on the battlefield, his bravery and courage, and his service to our Nation that earned him these com-mendations decades ago. It is my honor to finally deliver them today. As a father to Carrie and Cody and grandfather to two grandchildren Si-enna and Aden, he will get that long overdue acknowledgement. I have the proud honor of presenting you, Gerry, with the Bronze Star Medal for your meritorious service in connec-tion with ground operations against a hostile force. I am also presenting you with copies of your previous awards: Army Com-mendation Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Vietnam Service Medal with Silver Service Star attachment, Expert Badge with Auto Rifle Bar, and sharpshooter badge with rifle bar. Gerry, these medals are but a small token of our Nation’s appreciation for your service and your sacrifice. You are an American hero, and Montana is proud to call you one of our own. f 
NATIONAL FOREST PRODUCTS WEEK Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, in support of National Forest Products Week and in my role as a cochair of the Senate Paper and Packaging Caucus, I would like to recognize the almost 20,000 hard-working men and women employed by the forest products indus-try in the great State of Arkansas. Arkansas is home to over 90 wood products, paper, and packaging manu-facturing facilities that make over $8 billion in products annually and con-tribute over $1.2 billion to the State and local economies through wages and compensation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.044 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6398 October 16, 2017 
The forest products industry plays a valuable role in the life of every Amer-ican, every day. From paper and pack-aging to wood products, tissue, and other personal care items, paper and wood products are at the heart of mod-ern life and a modern economy. In total, the industry employs about 900,000 Americans nationwide and man-ufactures over $280 billion in products every year. That is nearly 4 percent of the current U.S. manufacturing GDP. In addition to cochairing the Paper and Packaging Caucus, I am also a co-chair of the Senate Recycling Caucus. In this dual capacity, I have seen the success the forest products industry has had in pairing economic growth with respect for the environment. Be it through the use of carbon-neutral bio-mass energy or the successful imple-mentation of voluntary recycling pro-grams that now reach 96 percent of Americans, the forest products indus-try is leading by example. Last year, I had the opportunity to see firsthand how the forest industry contributes to the economy of my State. Congressman B
RUCE WESTERMAN  and I visited timber-rich south Arkan-sas on our ‘‘Seed to Sawmill’’ tour. We learned about proper forest manage-ment and the positive environmental impacts achieved through conservation efforts. We also visited a seedling nurs-ery, working private forests, state-of- the art processing facilities, and the U.S. Forest Service’s Experimental Forest in Crossett. It is clear that the forest products in-dustry contributes a great deal to Ar-kansas and to the U.S. economy over-all. That is why it is important for us to highlight how forest products im-prove our lives, help grow our econ-omy, and promote healthy environ-mental practices. I urge my colleagues to join me in celebrating National Forest Products Week and reflect on the many ways this recyclable and renewable resource impacts our daily lives for the better. Thank you for the opportunity to rec-ognize the hard-working professionals of the forest products industry in the great State of Arkansas. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
RECOGNIZING COMPREHENSIVE JUVENILE SERVICES, INC. ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize an organization that is committed to redirecting the lives of youth and their families in western Arkansas. Comprehensive Ju-venile Services, Inc., of Fort Smith, AR, helps youth who experience dif-ficulty within their families, have problems in school, or face other chal-lenges that result in them being at risk of or referred to the juvenile justice system. Comprehensive Juvenile Serv-ices is celebrating 40 years of incred-ible, invaluable service to the commu-nity, and I want to congratulate them on this milestone. Incorporated in 1976, Comprehensive Juvenile Services is a private, non-profit community-based youth services agency. It serves 1,000 youth each year in Sebastian, Crawford, Franklin, Logan, Scott, Polk, and Montgomery Counties. CJS is supported by and re-ceives guidance from community lead-ers as it seeks to help children and youth who are susceptible to delin-quency or have encountered legal prob-lems and need positive influences to help get back on track toward a happy and successful adolescence. CJS provides support to these chil-dren and their families in a variety of ways. It employs caseworkers to assess a youth’s individual problems and de-velop case plans, provides aftercare to those in custody of the Department of Youth Services, offers one-on-one men-toring opportunities, operates an emer-gency shelter for at-risk youth, and features other programs including treatment for major behavioral prob-lems, mental health assessments, and therapy and parenting classes. The commitment that CJS has dem-onstrated for youth in western Arkan-sas is inspiring. The men and women of the agency put their hearts and souls into helping children and teens im-prove their situations and strive for better outcomes at home, at school, and in life generally. In one of many success stories, a former client named Sherry went through a difficult adop-tion where she experienced major con-flict with her adopted family. Through the help of Community Juvenile Serv-ices, Sherry completed a program at the Girls Shelter of Fort Smith and is now a Department of Child and Family Services caseworker herself, advo-cating for children and helping to make a difference in their lives the same way that CJS did in hers. I am so proud of the work that Com-prehensive Juvenile Services has done over the past 40 years. They truly are changing lives, one child at a time. I want to congratulate everyone in-volved with CJS on a job well done, and I look forward to hearing many more success stories in the years to come. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO RONALD K. LORENTZEN ∑Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Mr. Ronald K. Lorentzen, a dedicated public servant who has spent his career advocating for Amer-ican workers and businesses. Mr. Lorentzen retired on June 30, 2017, after more than three decades of gov-ernment service. Born in the blue-collar town of Ash-tabula, OH—a great hometown, as my wife Connie can attest—Mr. Lorentzen’s roots are evident in his life’s work. Too often, especially in trade policy, representatives and pol-icymakers fail to live up to the prom-ises they have made to working fami-lies, but not Mr. Lorentzen. He never forgot where he came from, and he never forgot the workers who are too often left behind by our trade policy. In his roles at the International Trade Administration, he has been a leader in our government’s efforts to combat unfair trade practices and hold countries that cheat the rules account-able. He served as lead negotiator for the U.S. and chairman of the Steel Committee at the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Develop-ment, where he worked to address steel overcapacity within the U.S. Market. While we know we have a lot more work to do to create a truly level play-ing field for our steel industry, his work helped shape a more fair inter-national steel market for American companies. In addition, Mr. Lorentzen led U.S. delegations before the North American Steel Trade Committee, NASTC. He helped ensure the NASTC fulfilled its mission as a forum for NAFTA steel countries to build consensus and de-velop united positions on areas of com-mon concern. A firm grasp of the facts and diplomatic skill made him a strong and effective advocate for U.S. manu-facturers. Through his many roles in govern-ment, Mr. Lorentzen has served this country and its working families. He has stood up for workers in my State, and his efforts have helped save jobs. When we enforce our trade policies and hold accountable those who cheat the international trade system, we are en-suring our workers and businesses have access to a level playing field. Mr. Lorentzen has been a leader in that fight. Mr. Lorentzen will be remembered for his compassion, work ethic, and in-tegrity. I ask my Senate colleges to join me in thanking him for his service and wishing him all the best on his re-tirement.∑ f 
125TH ANNIVERSARY OF ASHER’S CHOCOLATES ∑Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I wish to recognize and honor Chester Asher Candy Co., Inc., ‘‘Asher’s Chocolates,’’ as it celebrates the 125th anniversary of its founding in Pennsylvania. In 1892, Chester A. Asher founded Asher’s Chocolates in the city of Phila-delphia, near Independence Hall. A farm boy from Scotland, who had pre-viously lived in Canada, Chester had a ‘‘passion for chocolates’’ and a ‘‘knack for getting to the heart of a sugar crav-ing.’’ In 1899, he moved the company to the historical area of Germantown Av-enue, Philadelphia. Chester worked tirelessly to perfect his candies and chocolates and was constantly search-ing for innovative ways to please his customers. Following World War II, Chester’s four sons took over the business, and they subsequently passed the company on to their sons in their retirement. After their father’s passing in 1968, the third generation of Ashers, brothers John ‘‘Jack’’ and Bob Asher, assumed leadership of the company. Asher’s Chocolates quickly grew from the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16OC6.017 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6399 October 16, 2017 
brothers producing each piece of candy individually with just two candy-mak-ing machines to building a warehouse and being regarded throughout the East Coast as a well-known candy com-pany. While both of the third-genera-tion brothers were vital to the com-pany’s increasing success, it was Jack who became lovingly referred to as, ‘‘the Candy Man.’’ Jack was very engaged in hands-on management of the company. When he wasn’t on the ground overseeing pro-duction, Jack served as a volunteer firefighter with the Wissahickon and Flourtown fire companies. Jack also became a prominent member of the community by serving on the boards of the First Presbyterian Church in Ger-mantown and the historic Cliveden, where he sponsored the Battle of Ger-mantown reenactment for 40 years. Jack’s proactive involvement and dedi-cation to the community did not go un-recognized. In 1988, the Philadelphia Chamber of Commerce awarded Jack the Small Business Person of the Year award, and in 2006, he was inducted into the National Confectionary Sales Association’s Candy Hall of Fame. Though it is with great sadness that Jack Asher passed away in September of 2017, his legacy will undoubtedly continue through the life of Asher’s Chocolates. While over a century has passed since its founding, Asher’s Chocolates still remains family owned. Currently, Jeff, a fourth-generation Asher, serves as the CEO of Asher’s Chocolates and be-lieves it is his family’s ‘‘stubborn, com-mon commitment to providing excel-lent chocolate at an affordable price’’ that has allowed Asher’s Chocolates to remain in business for so long. Today Asher’s Chocolates has expanded its business, selling over 3.3 million pounds of candy each year, employing over 100 people, and supplying delicious treats on a national and worldwide level to Canada, Mexico, Japan, China, South America, and Europe. As Asher’s Chocolates has reached global success, I am honored it calls Pennsylvania home. Founded by a Scottish man who emigrated from Can-ada and was devoted to operating a family-run business, Asher’s Choco-lates is rich in both diversity and tra-dition. While their impact is great and long-standing, Asher’s Chocolates hasn’t lost sight of what is important: family and ‘‘one of life’s sweetest pleasures . . . [is] a simple box of choc-olate.’’ Asher’s Chocolates serves as a symbol of success, history, and family, and I commend the Asher family and the company’s employees on the 125th anniversary of its founding.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CHANCE BROWN ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Chance Brown, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Chance is a graduate of Douglas High School in Box Elder, SD, and a recent graduate of Colorado State University in Fort Collins, CO, having earned de-grees in sociology, political science, and business administration. He is a dedicated worker who has been com-mitted to getting the most out of his experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Chance Brown for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO DAN KNUTSON ∑Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, today I recognize Dan Knutson, an intern in my Washington, DC, office, for all of the hard work he has done for me, my staff, and the State of South Dakota. Dan is a graduate of Lincoln High School in Sioux Falls, SD, and a recent graduate of Augustana University, hav-ing earned a degree in psychology. He is a dedicated worker who has been committed to getting the most out of his experience. I extend my sincere thanks and ap-preciation to Dan Knutson for all of the fine work he has done and wish him continued success in the years to come.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on October 11, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the House has passed the fol-lowing bill, without amendment: 
S. 1617. An act to designate the checkpoint of the United States Border Patrol located on United States Highway 77 North in Sarita, Texas, as the ‘‘Javier Vega, Jr. Bor-der Patrol Checkpoint’’. 
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on October 12, 2017, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the House has passed the fol-lowing bills, without amendment: 
S. 190. An act to provide for consideration of the extension under the Energy Policy and Conservation Act of non-application of No- Load Mode energy efficiency standards to certain security or life safety alarms or sur-veillance systems, and for other purposes. S. 920. An act to establish a National Clin-ical Care Commission. f MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 4:04 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 585. An act to provide greater whistle-blower protections for Federal employees, increased awareness of Federal whistle-blower protections, and increased account-ability and required discipline for the Fed-eral supervisors who retaliate against whis-tleblowers, and for other purposes. 
The message further announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concur-rence of the Senate: 
H.R. 294. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boulevard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Building’’. H.R. 378. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to enhance the authority under which Federal agencies may pay cash awards to employees for making cost saving disclo-sures, and for other purposes. H.R. 452. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Mis-souri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 1858. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’. H.R. 2105. An act to require the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology to disseminate guidance to help reduce small business cybersecurity risks, and for other purposes. H.R. 2196. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to allow whistleblowers to dis-close information to certain recipients. H.R. 2229. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide permanent authority for judicial review of certain Merit Systems Protection Board decisions relating to whis-tleblowers, and for other purposes. H.R. 2254. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2302. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 2464. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Ken-nedy Post Office’’. H.R. 2763. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to improve the Small Business In-novation Research program and Small Busi-ness Technology Transfer program, and for other purposes. H.R. 2989. An act to establish the Frederick Douglass Bicentennial Commission. H.R. 3031. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide for flexibility in making withdrawals from a Thrift Savings Plan account, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:42 Jan 25, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\OCTOBER\S16OC7.REC S16OC7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6400 October 16, 2017 
H.R. 3243. An act to amend title 40, United States Code, to eliminate the sunset of cer-tain provisions relating to information tech-nology, to amend the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 to ex-tend the sunset relating to the Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the following con-current resolutions, in which it re-quests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 71. Concurrent resolution es-tablishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027. H. Con. Res 85. Concurrent resolution pro-viding for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 2266. 
The message further announced that the House has agreed to the amend-ment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1616) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to authorize the National Computer Forensics Institute, and for other purposes. The message also announced that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2266) to amend title 28 of the United States Code to authorize the appointment of additional bankruptcy judges; and for other purposes, with an amendment, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate. The message further announced that the House disagreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the De-partment of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and asks a conference with the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon, and that the following Mem-bers be the managers of the conference on the part of the House: From the Committee on Armed Serv-ices, for consideration of the House bill and the Senate amendment, and modi-fications committed to conference: Messrs. T
HORNBERRY , WILSON of South Carolina, L
OBIONDO , BISHOP of Utah, T
URNER , ROGERS of Alabama, F RANKS  of Arizona, S
HUSTER , CONAWAY , LAM-
BORN , W ITTMAN , C OFFMAN , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Messrs. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, C
OOK, Ms. S TEFANIK , Messrs. K
NIGHT , BACON , SMITH of Washington, B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Messrs. L
ANGEVIN , LARSEN  of Washington, C
OOPER , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. V EASEY , and Ms. G
ABBARD . From the Permanent Select Com-mittee on Intelligence, for consider-ation of matters within the jurisdic-tion of that committee under clause 11 of rule X: Messrs. N
UNES , STEWART , and S
CHIFF . From the Committee on the Budget, for consideration of section 1262 of the House bill, and section 4 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Messrs. JOHNSON  of Ohio, B
ERGMAN , and Y ARMUTH . From the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for consideration of sections 221, 551, 555, and 3509 of the House bill, and sections 236, 551–53, 3116, 5508, and 6001 of the Senate amend-ment, and modifications committed to conference: Ms. F
OXX, Messrs. B YRNE , and S
COTT of Virginia. From the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of sec-tions 313, 314, 601, 723, 727, 729, 732, 3118, and 3122 of the House bill, and sections 601, 701, 725, 732, 1089A, 1625, and 3114 of the Senate amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: Messrs. W
ALDEN , BARTON , and P ALLONE . From the Committee on Financial Services, for consideration of section 862 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. B
ARR, WILLIAMS , and Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California. From the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs, for consideration of sections 864, 1032, 1039, 1040, 1058, 1201, 1203–05, 1211, 1222, 1223, 1231, 1232, 1234, 1243, 1246, 1247, 1265, 1270A, 1272, 1276, 1278, 1280, 1301, 1302, 1521, 1522, 1687, 2841, and 3117 of the House bill, and sections 111, 861, 867, 1011, 1203–05, 1212, 1213, 1231–33, 1241–45, 1250, 1261–63, 1270B, 1270C, 1282, 1283, 1301, 1302, 1531, and 1651 of the Senate amendment, and modifications com-mitted to conference: Messrs. R
OYCE of California, D
ONOVAN , and E NGEL . From the Committee on the Judici-ary, for consideration of sections 515, 1062, 1063, 1067, 1080, 1695, 2843, and 3510 of the House bill, and sections 520A, 529, 1035, 1081, 1083, 1217, 1264, and 14013 of the Senate amendment, and modi-fications committed to conference: Messrs. G
OODLATTE , ISSA, and C ONYERS . From the Committee on Natural Re-sources, for consideration of sections 601, 1062, 1265, 2827, 2828, 2831, 2832, 2844, 2863, subtitle F of title XXVIII, and section 2863 of the House bill, and sec-tions 311, 338, 601, 1263, 1264, 2850, and 12801 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Ms. C HENEY , and Mr. G
RIJALVA . From the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for consider-ation of sections 323, 501, 801, 803, 859– 860A, 873, and 1101–09 of the House bill, and sections 218, 544, 557, 801, 812, 821, 822, 829, 852, 902, 931, 934, 938, 1045, 1093, 1094, 1101, 1102, 1104–06, 1111–13, 2821, 2822, 6005, 6012, 10804, 11023–25, and 11603 of the Senate amendment, and modi-fications committed to conference: Messrs. M
EADOWS , ROSS, and L YNCH . From the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for consider-ation of section 223 of the House bill and sections 897, 898, 1662–64, and 6002 of the Senate amendment, and modifica-tions committed to conference: Messrs. S
MITH of Texas, L UCAS , and Ms. E DDIE B
ERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. From the Committee on Small Busi-ness, for consideration of sections 801, 860B, 867, 1701–04, 1711–13, 1721–23, 1731– 37, and 1741 of the House bill, and sec-tions 854, 862, 897, 898, 899C, 10801, and 10802 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. CHABOT , KELLY of Mis-sissippi, and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . From the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, for consider-ation of sections 122, 311, 546, 601, 1082, 1617, 1695, 3501, 3502, 3505, and 3507–10 of the House bill, and sections 331, 601, 1048, 6002, 13501, 13502, 13508, 13513, 13607, and 14013 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to con-ference: Messrs. G
RAVES of Missouri, H
UNTER , and Mrs. B USTOS . From the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for consideration of section 572, 573, 576, 578, 1077, 2841 of the House bill, and sections 731, 1084, 1088, 1264, 11001, 11008, and 14004 of the Senate amend-ment, and modifications committed to conference: Messrs. R
OEof Tennessee, B
ILIRAKIS , and W ALZ. From the Committee on Ways and Means for consideration of section 701 of the Senate amendment, and modi-fications committed to conference: Mr. T
IBERI , Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. N EAL. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 294. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boulevard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 378. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to enhance the authority under which Federal agencies may pay cash awards to employees for making cost saving disclo-sures, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. H.R. 452. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Mis-souri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 1858. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 2105. An act to require the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology to disseminate guidance to help reduce small business cybersecurity risks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 2196. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to allow whistleblowers to dis-close information to certain recipients; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 2229. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide permanent authority for judicial review of certain Merit Systems Protection Board decisions relating to whis-tleblowers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. H.R. 2254. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.034 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6401 October 16, 2017 
H.R. 2302. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. H.R. 2464. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Ken-nedy Post Office’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. H.R. 2763. An act to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to improve the Small Business In-novation Research program and Small Busi-ness Technology Transfer program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR The following concurrent resolution was read, and placed on the calendar: 
H. Con. Res. 71. Concurrent resolution es-tablishing the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027. f 
ENROLLED BILLS PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on October 6, 2017, she had pre-sented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bills: 
S. 178. An act to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the justice sys-tem’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases. S. 652. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment re-garding deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3012. A communication from the Acting Director of Program Development and Regu-latory Analysis, Rural Utilities Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Water and Waste Loans and Grants’’ ((RIN0572–AC36) (7 CFR Part 1780)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3013. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fluoxastrobin; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL–9966–09–OCSPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3014. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Oxathiapiprolin; Pesticide Toler-ance’’ (FRL–9966–68–OCSPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 27, 2017; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3015. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Fluazifop-P–Butyl; Pesticide Toler-ances’’ (FRL–9966–67–OCSPP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 27, 2017; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3016. A communication from the Con-gressional Review Coordinator , Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Importa-tion of Fresh Persimmons From New Zea-land Into the United States’’ (RIN0579–AE26) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 4, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–3017. A communication from the Acting Administrator of the Specialty Crops Pro-gram, Agricultural Marketing Service, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pecans Grown in the States of Alabama, Arkansas, Arizona, California, Florida, Geor-gia, Kansas, Louisiana, Missouri, Mississippi, North Carolina, New Mexico, Oklahoma, South Carolina, and Texas; Establishment of Assessment Rates’’ (Docket No. AMS–SC–17– 0027) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 5, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry. EC–3018. A communication from the Board Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to the Adminis-tration’s 2017 compensation program adjust-ments; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–3019. A communication from the Sec-retary of Agriculture, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to violations of the Antideficiency Act that occurred in the Department of Agriculture’s Forest Service; to the Committee on Appropriations. EC–3020. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Frederick S. Rudesheim, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–3021. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Failure of Con-tractors, Participating under the DoD Test Program for a Comprehensive Subcon-tracting Plan, to Meet Their Negotiated Goals’’; to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. EC–3022. A communication from the Senior Official performing the duties of the Under Secretary of Defense (Personnel and Readi-ness), transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Assessment of the Rec-ommendations of the National Commission on the Future of the Army’’; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–3023. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics), transmitting a report relative to the Defense Laboratory Mod-ernization Pilot Program; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–3024. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-moval of Certain Entities from the Entity List; and Revisions of Entries on the Entity List’’ (RIN0694–AH41) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3025. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary for Export Adminis-tration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Wassenaar Arrangement 2016 Plenary Agreements Implementation’’ (RIN0694– AH35) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 4, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–3026. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Updated Statements of Legal Authority for the Ex-port Administration Regulations to Include the Continuation of Emergency Declared in Executive Order 13222’’ (RIN0694–AH38) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 4, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3027. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the situation in or in relation to the Democratic Republic of the Congo that was declared in Executive Order 13413 of October 27, 2006; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3028. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Sudan that was declared in Executive Order 13067 of November 3, 1997; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3029. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to South Sudan that was declared in Executive Order 13664 of April 3, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3030. A communication from the Chair of the Board of Governors, Federal Reserve System, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to credit availability for small businesses; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3031. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel for Operations, Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting, pursuant to law, three (3) re-ports relative to vacancies in the Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 4, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3032. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Land and Minerals Management, Bureau of Ocean Energy Man-agement, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Negotiated Noncompetitive Agree-ments for the Use of Sand, Gravel, and/or Shell Resources on the Outer Continental Shelf’’ (RIN1010–AD90) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 3, 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–3033. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Office of Management, Department of Energy, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Fleet Alternative Fuel Ve-hicle Acquisition Report for Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. EC–3034. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Protection of Stratospheric Ozone: Refrigerant Management Regulations for Small Cans of Motor Vehicle Refrigerant’’ ((RIN2060–AT43) (FRL No. 9968–68–OAR)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.007 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6402 October 16, 2017 
EC–3035. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Interstate Transport of Fine Particu-late Matter: Revision of Federal Implemen-tation Plan Requirements for Texas’’ ((RIN2060–AT16) (FRL No. 9968–46–OAR)) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3036. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Iowa Air Quality Imple-mentation Plans; Elements of the Infrastruc-ture SIP Requirements for the 2012 Annual Fine Particulate Matter (PM2.5) National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS)’’ (FRL No. 9968–66–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 27, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–3037. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Implementation Plans; State of Iowa; Elements of the Infrastruc-ture SIP Requirements for the 2010 Sulfur Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS)’’ (FRL No. 9968–62–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3038. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; New York; Regional Haze Five-Year Progress Report State Implemen-tation Plan’’ (FRL No. 9968–64–Region 2) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3039. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; New Jersey; Regional Haze Five-Year Progress Report State Implemen-tation Plan’’ (FRL No. 9968–63–Region 2) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3040. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Enhanced Monitoring; California’’ (FRL No. 9968–38–Region 9) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3041. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Re-moval of Clean Air Interstate Rule (CAIR) Trading Programs’’ (FRL No. 9968–34–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3042. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; State of Utah; Revisions to Ozone Offset Require-ments in Davis and Salt Lake Counties’’ (FRL No. 9968–74–Region 8) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 27, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–3043. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Nonattainment New Source Review Require-ments for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone Standard’’ (FRL No. 9968–51–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 27, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–3044. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; 2011 Base Year Inventory for the 2008 8-Hour Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ard for the Baltimore Maryland Nonattain-ment area’’ (FRL No. 9968–54–Region 3) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3045. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants: Final Rule To List the Maui Dolphin as Endangered and the South Island Hector’s Dolphin as Threatened Under the Endan-gered Species Act’’ (RIN0648–XE686) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 4, 2017; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–3046. A communication from the Chief of the Branch of Foreign Species, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Technical Correction for Tonkin Snub-Nosed Monkey’’ (RIN1018–BC64) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3047. A communication from the S.A.T. Manager, Fish and Wildlife Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Species Status for the Iiwi (Drepanis coccinea)’’ (RIN1018–BB54) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3048. A communication from the S.A.T. Manager, Fish and Wildlife Service, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endan-gered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status for Sonoyta Mud Turtle’’ (RIN1018–AZ02) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3049. A communication from the Acting Branch Chief of the Unified Listing Team, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Threatened Species Status for Pearl Darter’’ (RIN1018– BB55) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 4, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3050. A communication from the Acting Manager of the Species Assessment Team, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Species Status for Guadalupe Fescue; Des-ignation of Critical Habitat for Guadalupe Fescue’’ (RIN1018–BA74) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 4, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–3051. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Material Safety and Safeguards, Nu-clear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Consolidated Guidance About Materials Li-censes: Program-Specific Guidance About Service Provider Licenses’’ (NUREG–1556, Volume 18, Revision 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 5, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–3052. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pilot Program for Section 355 PLR procedures’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017–52) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 27, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3053. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Updated Static Mortality Tables for Defined Benefit Pension Plans for 2018’’ (Notice 2017–60) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 5, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–3054. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Physical Presence of Certain Individuals in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or the United States Virgin Islands Under Section 937(a) Following Hur-ricane Irma or Hurricane Maria’’ (Notice 2017–56) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 5, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3055. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Procedures for Ob-taining Approval to Use Plan-Specific Sub-stitute Mortality Tables’’ (Rev. Proc. 2017– 55) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 5, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–3056. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Mortality Tables for Determining Present Value under De-fined Benefit Pension Plans’’ (RIN1545–BM71) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 5, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3057. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Financial Resources, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3058. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Financial Resources, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.022 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6403 October 16, 2017 
EC–3059. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Children and Families, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 27, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3060. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Children and Families, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 28, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3061. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Planning and Evaluation, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 29, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3062. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Planning and Evaluation, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 29, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3063. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Planning and Evaluation, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on September 29, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3064. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Legisla-tion, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 29, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–3065. A communication from the Execu-tive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy in the position of Assistant Secretary of Health and Human Services for Legisla-tion, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 29, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–3066. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Evaluation of the Graduate Nurse Edu-cation Demonstration Project: Report to Congress’’; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3067. A communication from the In-spector General, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Medicare Payments for Clinical Diagnostic Laboratory Tests in 2016: Year 3 of Baseline Data’’; to the Com-mittee on Finance. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES DURING ADJOURNMENT Under the authority of the order of the Senate of October 5, 2017, the fol-lowing reports of committees were sub-mitted on October 13, 2017: By Mr ENZI, from the Committee on the Budget, without amendment: S. Con. Res. 25. An original concurrent res-olution setting forth the congressional budg-et for the United States Government for fis-cal year 2018 and setting forth the appro-priate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with amendments: S. 21. A bill to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of ap-proval is enacted into law (Rept. No. 115–169). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: S. 886. A bill to amend the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 to establish an Acquisition Review Board in the Department of Home-land Security, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–170). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with amendments: S. 1208. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide for an option under the Secure Mail Initiative under which a person to whom a document is sent under that initiative may elect to have the United States Postal Service use the Hold for Pick-up service or the Signature Confirmation service in delivering the document, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–171). By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, without amendment: S. 1584. A bill to amend the Ethics in Gov-ernment Act of 1978 to reauthorize the Judi-cial Conference of the United States to re-dact sensitive information contained in fi-nancial disclosure reports of judicial officers and employees, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115–172). By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 211. A resolution condemning the violence and persecution in Chechnya. By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, without amendment and with a preamble: S. Res. 245. A resolution calling on the Government of Iran to release unjustly de-tained United States citizens and legal per-manent resident aliens, and for other pur-poses. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BOOKER (for himself and Mr. C
RAPO ): S. 1958. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to require Internet-based, real-time responses to requests to verify tax-payer income for legitimate business pur-poses, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Ms. HARRIS (for herself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 1959. A bill to designate certain Federal land in the State of California as wilderness, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. By Mrs. MCCASKILL (for herself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , and Ms. H ASSAN ): S. 1960. A bill to repeal the amendments made to the Controlled Substances Act by the Ensuring Patient Access and Effective Drug Enforcement Act of 2016; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. RISCH (for himself and Mrs. S
HAHEEN ): S. 1961. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to temporarily reauthorize certain pilot programs under the Small Business Innova-tion Research Program and the Small Busi-ness Technology Transfer Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. By Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. B
LUNT ): S. 1962. A bill to provide relief to commu-nity banks, to promote access to capital for community banks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. MANCHIN: S. 1963. A bill to amend title 11, United States Code, to include certain pension as administrative expenses in bankruptcy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HATCH (for himself and Mr. W
YDEN ): S. 1964. A bill to encourage kinship guard-ianship placements and support payment rate equity for such placements, to improve oversight of State child welfare programs funded under the Social Security Act, to strengthen national data on child fatalities from maltreatment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CRUZ: S. Res. 291. A resolution affirming the his-torical connection of the Jewish people to the ancient and sacred city of Jerusalem and condemning efforts at the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organi-zation (UNESCO) to deny Judaism’s mil-lennia-old historical, religious, and cultural ties to Jerusalem; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mr. HELLER (for himself, Ms. C
OR-
TEZ MASTO , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S
CHUMER , Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. B ALD-
WIN, Mr. B ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOK-
ER, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B
URR, Ms. C ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C OL-
LINS, Mr. C OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. D AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. G RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EIN-
RICH, Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H
OEVEN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. K AINE, Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. K ING, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L EE, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M CCAIN, Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. M
ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M URRAY , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.024 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6404 October 16, 2017 
Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R EED, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S ASSE, Mr. S
CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S
TRANGE , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V ANHOL-
LEN, Mr. W ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. Res. 292. A resolution condemning the brutal and senseless attack at a country music festival in Las Vegas, Nevada, hon-oring the memory of the victims of the dead-ly shooting, offering condolences to, and ex-pressing support for, the families and friends of the victims and all of the individuals who were affected by the attack, and applauding the dedication and bravery of law enforce-ment officers, firefighters, paramedics, emer-gency medical technicians, medical profes-sionals, hotel security and staff, and commu-nity members in responding to the attack; considered and agreed to. By Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. R
UBIO, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. W ARNER , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , and Ms. C ORTEZ  M
ASTO ): S. Con. Res. 26. A concurrent resolution au-thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for the unveiling of the American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action (POW/MIA) Chair of Honor; consid-ered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 58 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ), the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ), the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) and the Sen-ator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 58, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the excise tax on high cost employer-sponsored health cov-erage. 
S. 322 
At the request of Mr. P ETERS , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 322, a bill to protect victims of domes-tic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psychological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets. 
S. 652 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 652, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a program for early detection, diagnosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard- of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children. 
S. 872 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 872, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make per-manent the extension of the Medicare- dependent hospital (MDH) program and the increased payments under the Medicare low-volume hospital pro-gram. S. 948 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 948, a bill to designate as wilderness certain Federal portions of the red rock canyons of the Colorado Plateau and the Great Basin Deserts in the State of Utah for the benefit of present and future generations of people in the United States. 
S. 1014 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1014, a bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make grants to eli-gible organizations to provide service dogs to veterans with severe post-trau-matic stress disorder, and for other purposes. 
S. 1064 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the names of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1064, a bill to amend the Richard B. Russell National School Lunch Act to prohibit the stigmatiza-tion of children who are unable to pay for meals. 
S. 1113 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1113, a bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to ensure the safety of cosmetics. 
S. 1169 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1169, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide States with an option to provide med-ical assistance to individuals between the ages of 22 and 64 for inpatient serv-ices to treat substance use disorders at certain facilities, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1453 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1453, a bill to allow the Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices to designate certain substance use disorder treatment facilities as eligible for National Health Service Corps serv-ice. 
S. 1498 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the names of the Senator from New York (Mr. S
CHUMER ) and the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1498, a bill to establish in the Smithsonian Institution a com-prehensive American women’s history museum, and for other purposes. 
S. 1568 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the names of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. UDALL ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1568, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of President John F. Kennedy. 
S. 1595 
At the request of Mrs. S HAHEEN , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1595, a bill to amend the Hizballah International Fi-nancing Prevention Act of 2015 to im-pose additional sanctions with respect to Hizballah, and for other purposes. 
S. 1690 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1690, a bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide greater support to students with de-pendents, and for other purposes. 
S. 1691 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1691, a bill to provide minimal cybersecurity operational standards for Internet-connected de-vices purchased by Federal agencies, and for other purposes. 
S. 1753 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1753, a bill to amend the S.A.F.E. Mort-gage Licensing Act of 2008 to provide a temporary license for loan originators transitioning between employers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1783 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1783, a bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to re-quire each State to implement a proc-ess under which individuals who are 16 years of age may apply to register to vote in elections for Federal office in the State, to direct the Election As-sistance Commission to make grants to States to increase the involvement of minors in public election activities, and for other purposes. 
S. 1806 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1806, a bill to amend the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 and the Head Start Act to pro-mote child care and early learning, and for other purposes. 
S. 1823 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1823, a bill to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emer-gency Assistance Act to clarify that houses of worship are eligible for cer-tain disaster relief and emergency as-sistance on terms equal to other eligi-ble private nonprofit facilities, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.029 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6405 October 16, 2017 
S. 1827 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1827, a bill to extend funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. W
YDEN , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1827, supra. 
S. 1829 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Mis-souri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) and the Sen-ator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1829, a bill to amend title V of the Social Security Act to extend the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Pro-gram. 
S. 1842 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1842, a bill to provide for wildfire suppression operations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1859 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1859, a bill to extend the mora-torium on the annual fee on health in-surance providers. 
S. 1911 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1911, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclama-tion Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 1922 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. 1922, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to protect pain-capable unborn children, and for other pur-poses. 
S.J. RES. 5 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S.J. Res. 5, a joint resolution re-moving the deadline for the ratifica-tion of the equal rights amendment. 
S. RES. 278 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 278, a resolution ex-pressing condolences to the victims of Hurricane Harvey, Hurricane Irma, and Hurricane Maria, commending the re-siliency of the people of Texas, Lou-isiana, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands, and ex-pressing gratitude to other neighboring States willing to stand by the people of the affected areas during the relief and recovery efforts. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS DURING ADJOURNMENT On October 13, 2017, under the author-ity of the order of the Senate of Octo-ber 5, 2017, the following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: By Mr. ENZI: S. Con. Res. 25. An original concurrent res-olution setting forth the congressional budg-et for the United States Government for fis-cal year 2018 and setting forth the appro-priate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; from the Committee on the Budget; placed on the calendar. f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 291—AFFIRM-ING THE HISTORICAL CONNEC-TION OF THE JEWISH PEOPLE TO THE ANCIENT AND SACRED CITY OF JERUSALEM AND CON-DEMNING EFFORTS AT THE UNITED NATIONS EDUCATIONAL, SCIENTIFIC, AND CULTURAL OR-GANIZATION (UNESCO) TO DENY JUDAISM’S MILLENNIA-OLD HIS-TORICAL, RELIGIOUS, AND CUL-TURAL TIES TO JERUSALEM Mr. CRUZ submitted the following resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 291 Whereas for over 3,000 years, Jerusalem has played a central role in the history and iden-tity of the Jewish people; Whereas Jerusalem is the location of the holiest site for the Jewish people, the Tem-ple Mount, as well as the Western Wall, where Jews from across the world come to pray; Whereas Jerusalem has been a Christian pilgrimage site for over 2,000 years, and holds considerable religious significance for Chris-tians; Whereas Jerusalem is home to the third holiest site in Islam, and holds considerable religious significance for Muslims; Whereas Jerusalem serves as a cultural and religious inspiration to billions of people around the world; Whereas the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) has passed a series of anti-Israel resolutions in recent years regarding Jeru-salem, both at the Committee level and by the Executive Board—a governing body of UNESCO; Whereas these biased resolutions are at-tempts to erase or minimize the Jewish as well as Christian historical and religious ties to Jerusalem, and unjustly single out our close ally Israel with false accusations and criticism; Whereas numerous archaeological exca-vations, such as those taking place in the City of David, Israel’s most archaeologically excavated site, have uncovered a myriad of antiquities which scientifically reaffirm Je-rusalem’s historical significance to Judaism as well as Christianity; Whereas the City of David is the archae-ological site of ancient Jerusalem, and is be-lieved to be the very site recorded in the Bible upon which King David established the capital of ancient Israel; Whereas since 1867, there have been archae-ological excavations at the site of the City of David, including international delegations of archaeologists from the United States, Eng-land, France, and Germany; Whereas these excavations have unearthed antiquities from over 10 different civiliza-tions, including Canaanite, Israelite, Roman, Byzantine, and Persian; Whereas the current excavations of the City of David are carried out under the aus-pices of the Israel Antiquities Authority, and are held to the highest scientific standards; Whereas among the most significant ar-chaeological discoveries unearthed from the City of David include the Siloam Inscription (8th century B.C.E.), which recounts the preparations made by King Hezekiah of Judah for the impending Assyrian siege against Jerusalem, consistent with the Bib-lical account from 2 Kings; clay seal impres-sions/bullae (6th century B.C.E.) bearing the names of two Judean Government officials who are mentioned in the very same verse in the Bible, Jeremiah 38:1; the Pool of Siloam (1st century B.C.E.), which served during the Second Temple period as a ritual bath for the hundreds of thousands of Jewish pilgrims ascending annually to the Temple, which stood atop the Temple Mount; and the Sec-ond Temple Pilgrimage Road (1st century C.E.), which began at the Pool of Siloam and served as the main thoroughfare of Second Temple period Jerusalem that carried hun-dreds of thousands of people on their annual pilgrimages to the Temple; Whereas the Pilgrimage Road located within the City of David, which stretches 600 meters from the Pool of Siloam to the foot-steps of the Western Wall, will be open to visitors upon completion of the excavation; and Whereas these discoveries affirm the unde-niable truth that the City of David, the Western Wall, and the Temple Mount are in-extricably linked together—physically, his-torically, and symbolically—as the bedrock of the connection between the Jewish people and Jerusalem, and have been for millennia: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes and affirms the historical connection of the Jewish people to the an-cient and sacred city of Jerusalem; (2) recognizes and affirms that the archae-ological discoveries from the City of David, the site of ancient Jerusalem, present unde-niable scientific evidence of the millennia- old connection of Jerusalem to the Jewish people, and, by extension, to Christianity; (3) commends the Government of Israel for protecting the freedoms of all faiths in Jeru-salem including Jews, Christians, and Mus-lims, ensuring their access to holy sites so that they may worship freely; (4) condemns any past, present, or future efforts at UNESCO to delegitimize Israel through attempts to rewrite and deny the history of Jerusalem; and (5) encourages the United States to con-tinue working with allies to prevent UNESCO from passing biased and unjust anti-Israel resolutions in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.031 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6406 October 16, 2017 
SENATE RESOLUTION 292—CON-DEMNING THE BRUTAL AND SENSELESS ATTACK AT A COUN-TRY MUSIC FESTIVAL IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, HONORING THE MEMORY OF THE VICTIMS OF THE DEADLY SHOOTING, OFFER-ING CONDOLENCES TO, AND EX-PRESSING SUPPORT FOR, THE FAMILIES AND FRIENDS OF THE VICTIMS AND ALL OF THE INDI-VIDUALS WHO WERE AFFECTED BY THE ATTACK, AND APPLAUD-ING THE DEDICATION AND BRAV-ERY OF LAW ENFORCEMENT OF-FICERS, FIREFIGHTERS, PARA-MEDICS, EMERGENCY MEDICAL TECHNICIANS, MEDICAL PROFES-SIONALS, HOTEL SECURITY AND STAFF, AND COMMUNITY MEM-BERS IN RESPONDING TO THE ATTACK Mr. HELLER (for himself, Ms. C
OR-
TEZMASTO , Mr. M CCONNELL , Mr. S CHU-
MER, Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B ENNET , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. B URR, Ms. C
ANTWELL , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ARDIN , Mr. C ARPER , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. C
ASSIDY , Mr. C OCHRAN , Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. C ORKER , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C RUZ, Mr. D
AINES , Mr. D ONNELLY , Ms. D
UCKWORTH , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. E NZI, Mrs. E
RNST , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. F RANKEN , Mr. G
ARDNER , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. G RASSLEY , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. H EINRICH , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. H IRONO , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. I
NHOFE , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. J OHNSON , Mr. K
AINE, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ING, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. L EAHY , Mr. L
EE, Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M
CCAIN, Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. M
ENENDEZ , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. M ORAN , Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. M
URRAY , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P AUL, Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. R
EED, Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. R UBIO, Mr. S ANDERS , Mr. S
ASSE, Mr. S CHATZ , Mr. S COTT, Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. S HELBY , Ms. S TABENOW , Mr. S
TRANGE , Mr. S ULLIVAN , Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. T HUNE , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. T
OOMEY , Mr. U DALL , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. W
ARNER , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. W HITE-
HOUSE , Mr. W ICKER , Mr. W YDEN , and Mr. Y
OUNG ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 292 Whereas, in the late hours of Sunday, Oc-tober 1, 2017, a 64-year-old man from Mes-quite, Nevada, killed 58 individuals and wounded more than 500 innocent individuals in a horrific attack at the Route 91 Harvest festival in Las Vegas, Nevada, with more than 22,000 individuals in attendance; Whereas President Donald Trump called the attack an act of pure evil and said that unity cannot be shattered by evil and that the bonds between the people of the United States cannot be broken by violence; Whereas the attack is the deadliest mass shooting in the modern history of the United States; Whereas the Las Vegas Metropolitan Po-lice Department and other law enforcement professionals within the city of Las Vegas and Clark County, Nevada, including emer-gency response teams from Henderson and North Las Vegas, the Nevada Department of Public Safety, the Federal Bureau of Inves-tigation, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, military service members and veterans, ambulatory services, and other emergency and health care professionals responded to the attack bravely, admirably, and in a co-ordinated manner, saving many lives; Whereas doctors, nurses, paramedics, and other medical professionals worked around the clock under harrowing circumstances to provide life-saving care for hundreds of vic-tims; Whereas, during the attack, countless ci-vilians selflessly assisted victims and, fol-lowing the attack— (1) hundreds of individuals stood in long lines to donate blood for those who were in-jured in the attack; and (2) the people of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the United States expressed overwhelming financial, physical, and emo-tional support for the victims and the fami-lies of the victims; Whereas local organizations, businesses, and caregivers came together with Federal, State, and local government agencies to sup-port the victims and help the community heal; and Whereas Nevada has a vibrant and re-nowned tourism economy that will continue to thrive, attracting and welcoming millions of visitors from across the United States and internationally, and emergency management officials will diligently dedicate local and Federal resources to boost public safety and security in Las Vegas, Nevada: Now, there-fore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns the horrific attack at the Route 91 Harvest festival in Las Vegas, Ne-vada, on October 1, 2017, in which 58 innocent individuals were killed and more than 500 in-nocent individuals were injured; (2) honors the memory of the victims killed in the attack and offers heartfelt con-dolences and deepest sympathies to the fami-lies, loved ones, and friends of the victims; (3) expresses hope for a full and speedy re-covery by, and pledges continued support for, those who were injured in the attack; (4) offers compassion to those who at-tended the event, but were not physically in-jured, and are dealing with symptoms of post-traumatic stress or seeking grief coun-seling; (5) recognizes the spirit and resilience of the Las Vegas and Nevada communities; and (6) applauds the dedication and bravery of local, State, and Federal law enforcement and counterterrorism officials and emer-gency medical and health care professionals for their coordinated efforts in responding to the attack, securing the community, and providing treatment. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLU-TION 26—AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR THE UNVEILING OF THE AMER-ICAN PRISONERS OF WAR/MISS-ING IN ACTION (POW/MIA) CHAIR OF HONOR Ms. WARREN (for herself, Mr. R
UBIO, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. W ARNER , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mrs. M
CCASKILL , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mr. B ROWN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , and Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) submitted the following concurrent resolution; which was considered and agreed to: S. C ON. RES. 26 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Rep-resentatives concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR UNVEILING OF AMERICAN PRIS-ONERS OF WAR/MISSING IN ACTION (POW/MIA) CHAIR OF HONOR. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used for an event on November 8, 2017, to unveil the American Prisoners of War/Miss-ing in Action (POW/MIA) Chair of Honor. (b) P
REPARATIONS .—Physical preparations for the conduct of the ceremony described in subsection (a) shall be carried out in accord-ance with such conditions as may be pre-scribed by the Architect of the Capitol. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1111. Mr. KAINE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 25, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary lev-els for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1112. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 705, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national crimi-nal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employ-ment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes. SA 1113. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 705, supra. SA 1114. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 695, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for cer-tain individuals who, related to their em-ployment, have access to children, the elder-ly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes. SA 1115. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 695, supra. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1111. Mr. KAINE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the concurrent resolution S. Con. Res. 25, setting forth the congres-sional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 83, line 17, strike ‘‘Sections 3205 and’’ and insert ‘‘Section’’. On page 83, line 19, strike ‘‘are’’ and insert ‘‘is’’. At the end of subtitle A of title IV, add the following: 
SEC. 4114. PROHIBITION ON AGREEING TO CER-TAIN AMENDMENTS TO LEGISLA-TION WITHOUT A SCORE IN THE SENATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the Senate, it shall not be in order to vote on the adoption of a cov-ered amendment to a bill or resolution that requires an estimate under section 402 of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.035 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6407 October 16, 2017 
Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 653), unless an estimate described in such section 402 for the covered amendment was made publicly available on the website of the Congressional Budget Office not later than 28 hours before the time the vote commences. (b) C
OVERED AMENDMENT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered amendment’’ means an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. (c) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .— (1) W
AIVER .—In the Senate, subsection (a) may be waived or suspended only by an af-firmative vote of three-fifths of the Mem-bers, duly chosen and sworn. (2) A
PPEAL .—An affirmative vote of three- fifths of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sus-tain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
SA 1112. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 705, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain in-dividuals who, related to their employ-ment, have access to children, the el-derly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Child Pro-tection Improvements Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK-GROUND CHECK AND CRIMINAL HIS-TORY REVIEW PROGRAM. 
The National Child Protection Act of 1993 (34 U.S.C. 40101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 3 (34 U.S.C. 40102)— (A) by striking ‘‘provider’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’; (B) by striking ‘‘provider’s’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘covered individual’s’’; (C) by amending subsection (a)(3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3)(A) The Attorney General shall estab-lish a program, in accordance with this sec-tion, to provide qualified entities located in States that do not have in effect procedures described in paragraph (1), or qualified enti-ties located in States that do not prohibit the use of the program established under this paragraph, with access to national criminal history background checks on, and criminal history reviews of, covered individuals. ‘‘(B) A qualified entity described in sub-paragraph (A) may submit to the appropriate designated entity a request for a national criminal history background check on, and a criminal history review of, a covered indi-vidual. Qualified entities making a request under this paragraph shall comply with the guidelines set forth in subsection (b), and with any additional applicable procedures set forth by the Attorney General or by the State in which the entity is located.’’; (D) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)(E), by striking ‘‘unsu-pervised’’; (ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2)(A) that the State, or in a State that does not have in effect procedures described in subsection (a)(1), the designated entity, ensures that— ‘‘(i) each covered individual who is the sub-ject of a background check under subsection (a) is entitled to obtain a copy of any back-ground check report; ‘‘(ii) each covered individual who is the subject of a background check under sub-section (a) is provided a process by which the covered individual may appeal the results of the background check to challenge the accu-racy or completeness of the information con-tained in the background report of the cov-ered individual; and ‘‘(iii)(I) each covered individual described in clause (ii) is given notice of the oppor-tunity to appeal; ‘‘(II) each covered individual described in clause (ii) will receive instructions on how to complete the appeals process if the covered individual wishes to challenge the accuracy or completeness of the information con-tained in the background report of the cov-ered individual; and ‘‘(III) the appeals process is completed in a timely manner for each covered individual described in clause (ii); and ‘‘(B) the State, or in a State that does not have in effect procedures described in sub-section (a)(1), the designated entity, may allow for a review process— ‘‘(i) through which the State or designated entity, as the case may be, may determine that a covered individual who is the subject of a background check under subsection (a) is disqualified for a crime specified in sub-section (f)(2)(C); and ‘‘(ii) which shall be consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.);’’; (iii) in paragraph (3), by inserting after ‘‘authorized agency’’ the following: ‘‘or des-ignated entity, as applicable,’’; and (iv) in paragraph (4), by inserting after ‘‘authorized agency’’ the following: ‘‘or des-ignated entity, as applicable,’’; (E) in subsection (d), by inserting after ‘‘of-ficer or employee thereof,’’ the following: ‘‘, nor shall any designated entity nor any offi-cer or employee thereof,’’; (F) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) F
EES.— ‘‘(1) S
TATE PROGRAM .—In the case of a background check conducted pursuant to a State requirement adopted after December 20, 1993, conducted with fingerprints on a covered individual, the fees collected by au-thorized State agencies and the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation may not exceed the ac-tual cost of the background check conducted with fingerprints. ‘‘(2) F
EDERAL PROGRAM .—In the case of a national criminal history background check and criminal history review conducted pur-suant to the procedures established pursuant to subsection (a)(3), the fees collected by a designated entity shall be set at a level that will ensure the recovery of the full costs of providing all such services. The designated entity shall remit the appropriate portion of such fee to the Attorney General, which amount is in accordance with the amount published in the Federal Register to be col-lected for the provision of a criminal history background check by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ‘‘(3) E
NSURING FEES DO NOT DISCOURAGE  
VOLUNTEERS .—A fee system under this sub-section shall be established in a manner that ensures that fees to qualified entities for background checks do not discourage volun-teers from participating in programs to care for children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities. A fee charged to a qualified enti-ty that is not organized under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 may not be less than the total sum of the costs of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the designated entity.’’; and (G) by inserting after subsection (e) the following: ‘‘(f) N
ATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK-
GROUND CHECK AND CRIMINAL HISTORY RE-
VIEW PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) N
ATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK -
GROUND CHECK .—Upon a designated entity re-ceiving notice of a request submitted by a qualified entity pursuant to subsection (a)(3), the designated entity shall forward the request to the Attorney General, who shall, acting through the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, complete a fingerprint-based check of the national criminal history background check system, and provide the information received in re-sponse to such national criminal history background check to the appropriate des-ignated entity. The designated entity may, upon request from a qualified entity, com-plete a check of a State criminal history database. ‘‘(2) CRIMINAL HISTORY REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) D
ESIGNATED ENTITIES .—The Attorney General shall designate, and enter into an agreement with, one or more entities to make determinations described in paragraph (2). The Attorney General may not designate and enter into an agreement with a Federal agency under this subparagraph. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATIONS .—A designated enti-ty shall, upon the receipt of the information described in paragraph (1), make a deter-mination of fitness described in subsection (b)(4), using the criteria described in sub-paragraph (C). ‘‘(C) C
RIMINAL HISTORY REVIEW CRITERIA .— A covered individual may be determined to be unfit under subsection (b)(4) if the covered individual— ‘‘(i) refuses to consent to a criminal back-ground check under this section; ‘‘(ii) knowingly makes a materially false statement in connection with a criminal background check under this section; ‘‘(iii) is registered, or is required to be reg-istered, on a State sex offender registry or repository or the National Sex Offender Reg-istry established under the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (34 U.S.C. 20901 et seq.); ‘‘(iv) has been convicted of a felony con-sisting of— ‘‘(I) murder, as described in section 1111 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(II) child abuse or neglect; ‘‘(III) a crime against children, including child pornography; ‘‘(IV) spousal abuse; ‘‘(V) a crime involving rape or sexual as-sault; ‘‘(VI) kidnapping; ‘‘(VII) arson; ‘‘(VIII) physical assault or battery; or ‘‘(IX) a drug-related offense committed during the preceding 5 years; ‘‘(v) has been convicted of a violent mis-demeanor committed as an adult against a child, including— ‘‘(I) child abuse; ‘‘(II) child endangerment; ‘‘(III) sexual assault; or ‘‘(IV) of a misdemeanor involving child pornography; or ‘‘(vi) in the case of a covered individual who has, seeks to have, or may have access to the elderly or individuals with disabil-ities, has been convicted of any criminal of-fense relating to the abuse, exploitation, or neglect (as those terms are defined in section 2011 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397j)) of an elder or an individual with dis-abilities.’’; and (2) in section 5 (34 U.S.C. 40104)— (A) by amending paragraph (9) to read as follows: ‘‘(9) the term ‘covered individual’ means an individual— ‘‘(A) who has, seeks to have, or may have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, served by a qualified enti-ty; and ‘‘(B) who— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.037 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6408 October 16, 2017 
‘‘(i) is employed by or volunteers with, or seeks to be employed by or volunteer with, a qualified entity; or ‘‘(ii) owns or operates, or seeks to own or operate, a qualified entity;’’; (B) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (11), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by inserting after paragraph (11) the following: ‘‘(12) the term ‘designated entity’ means an entity designated by the Attorney General under section 3(f)(2)(A).’’. 
SEC. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be fully implemented by not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 1113. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH ) proposed an amendment to the bill S. 705, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain in-dividuals who, related to their employ-ment, have access to children, the el-derly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national crimi-nal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employ-ment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes.’’. 
SA 1114. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 695, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to estab-lish a voluntary national criminal his-tory background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to chil-dren, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Child Pro-tection Improvements Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK-GROUND CHECK AND CRIMINAL HIS-TORY REVIEW PROGRAM. 
The National Child Protection Act of 1993 (34 U.S.C. 40101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 3 (34 U.S.C. 40102)— (A) by striking ‘‘provider’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’; (B) by striking ‘‘provider’s’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘covered individual’s’’; (C) by amending subsection (a)(3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3)(A) The Attorney General shall estab-lish a program, in accordance with this sec-tion, to provide qualified entities located in States that do not have in effect procedures described in paragraph (1), or qualified enti-ties located in States that do not prohibit the use of the program established under this paragraph, with access to national criminal history background checks on, and criminal history reviews of, covered individuals. ‘‘(B) A qualified entity described in sub-paragraph (A) may submit to the appropriate designated entity a request for a national criminal history background check on, and a criminal history review of, a covered indi-vidual. Qualified entities making a request under this paragraph shall comply with the guidelines set forth in subsection (b), and with any additional applicable procedures set forth by the Attorney General or by the State in which the entity is located.’’; (D) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)(E), by striking ‘‘unsu-pervised’’; (ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2)(A) that the State, or in a State that does not have in effect procedures described in subsection (a)(1), the designated entity, ensures that— ‘‘(i) each covered individual who is the sub-ject of a background check under subsection (a) is entitled to obtain a copy of any back-ground check report; ‘‘(ii) each covered individual who is the subject of a background check under sub-section (a) is provided a process by which the covered individual may appeal the results of the background check to challenge the accu-racy or completeness of the information con-tained in the background report of the cov-ered individual; and ‘‘(iii)(I) each covered individual described in clause (ii) is given notice of the oppor-tunity to appeal; ‘‘(II) each covered individual described in clause (ii) will receive instructions on how to complete the appeals process if the covered individual wishes to challenge the accuracy or completeness of the information con-tained in the background report of the cov-ered individual; and ‘‘(III) the appeals process is completed in a timely manner for each covered individual described in clause (ii); and ‘‘(B) the State, or in a State that does not have in effect procedures described in sub-section (a)(1), the designated entity, may allow for a review process— ‘‘(i) through which the State or designated entity, as the case may be, may determine that a covered individual who is the subject of a background check under subsection (a) is disqualified for a crime specified in sub-section (f)(2)(C); and ‘‘(ii) which shall be consistent with title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e et seq.);’’; (iii) in paragraph (3), by inserting after ‘‘authorized agency’’ the following: ‘‘or des-ignated entity, as applicable,’’; and (iv) in paragraph (4), by inserting after ‘‘authorized agency’’ the following: ‘‘or des-ignated entity, as applicable,’’; (E) in subsection (d), by inserting after ‘‘of-ficer or employee thereof,’’ the following: ‘‘, nor shall any designated entity nor any offi-cer or employee thereof,’’; (F) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) F
EES.— ‘‘(1) S
TATE PROGRAM .—In the case of a background check conducted pursuant to a State requirement adopted after December 20, 1993, conducted with fingerprints on a covered individual, the fees collected by au-thorized State agencies and the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation may not exceed the ac-tual cost of the background check conducted with fingerprints. ‘‘(2) F
EDERAL PROGRAM .—In the case of a national criminal history background check and criminal history review conducted pur-suant to the procedures established pursuant to subsection (a)(3), the fees collected by a designated entity shall be set at a level that will ensure the recovery of the full costs of providing all such services. The designated entity shall remit the appropriate portion of such fee to the Attorney General, which amount is in accordance with the amount published in the Federal Register to be col-lected for the provision of a criminal history background check by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ‘‘(3) ENSURING FEES DO NOT DISCOURAGE  
VOLUNTEERS .—A fee system under this sub-section shall be established in a manner that ensures that fees to qualified entities for background checks do not discourage volun-teers from participating in programs to care for children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities. A fee charged to a qualified enti-ty that is not organized under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 may not be less than the total sum of the costs of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the designated entity.’’; and (G) by inserting after subsection (e) the following: ‘‘(f) N
ATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK-
GROUND CHECK AND CRIMINAL HISTORY RE-
VIEW PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) N
ATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK -
GROUND CHECK .—Upon a designated entity re-ceiving notice of a request submitted by a qualified entity pursuant to subsection (a)(3), the designated entity shall forward the request to the Attorney General, who shall, acting through the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, complete a fingerprint-based check of the national criminal history background check system, and provide the information received in re-sponse to such national criminal history background check to the appropriate des-ignated entity. The designated entity may, upon request from a qualified entity, com-plete a check of a State criminal history database. ‘‘(2) C
RIMINAL HISTORY REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) D
ESIGNATED ENTITIES .—The Attorney General shall designate, and enter into an agreement with, one or more entities to make determinations described in paragraph (2). The Attorney General may not designate and enter into an agreement with a Federal agency under this subparagraph. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATIONS .—A designated enti-ty shall, upon the receipt of the information described in paragraph (1), make a deter-mination of fitness described in subsection (b)(4), using the criteria described in sub-paragraph (C). ‘‘(C) C
RIMINAL HISTORY REVIEW CRITERIA .— A covered individual may be determined to be unfit under subsection (b)(4) if the covered individual— ‘‘(i) refuses to consent to a criminal back-ground check under this section; ‘‘(ii) knowingly makes a materially false statement in connection with a criminal background check under this section; ‘‘(iii) is registered, or is required to be reg-istered, on a State sex offender registry or repository or the National Sex Offender Reg-istry established under the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (34 U.S.C. 20901 et seq.); ‘‘(iv) has been convicted of a felony con-sisting of— ‘‘(I) murder, as described in section 1111 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(II) child abuse or neglect; ‘‘(III) a crime against children, including child pornography; ‘‘(IV) spousal abuse; ‘‘(V) a crime involving rape or sexual as-sault; ‘‘(VI) kidnapping; ‘‘(VII) arson; ‘‘(VIII) physical assault or battery; or ‘‘(IX) a drug-related offense committed during the preceding 5 years; ‘‘(v) has been convicted of a violent mis-demeanor committed as an adult against a child, including— ‘‘(I) child abuse; ‘‘(II) child endangerment; ‘‘(III) sexual assault; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.039 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6409 October 16, 2017 
‘‘(IV) of a misdemeanor involving child pornography; or ‘‘(vi) in the case of a covered individual who has, seeks to have, or may have access to the elderly or individuals with disabil-ities, has been convicted of any criminal of-fense relating to the abuse, exploitation, or neglect (as those terms are defined in section 2011 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397j)) of an elder or an individual with dis-abilities.’’; and (2) in section 5 (34 U.S.C. 40104)— (A) by amending paragraph (9) to read as follows: ‘‘(9) the term ‘covered individual’ means an individual— ‘‘(A) who has, seeks to have, or may have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, served by a qualified enti-ty; and ‘‘(B) who— ‘‘(i) is employed by or volunteers with, or seeks to be employed by or volunteer with, a qualified entity; or ‘‘(ii) owns or operates, or seeks to own or operate, a qualified entity;’’; (B) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (11), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by inserting after paragraph (11) the following: ‘‘(12) the term ‘designated entity’ means an entity designated by the Attorney General under section 3(f)(2)(A).’’. 
SEC. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be fully implemented by not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SA 1115. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 695, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to estab-lish a voluntary national criminal his-tory background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to chil-dren, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes; as follows: 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national crimi-nal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employ-ment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes.’’. f 
NOTICE: REGISTRATION OF MASS MAILINGS The filing date for the 2017 third quarter Mass Mailing report is Wednes-day, October 25, 2017. An electronic op-tion is available on Webster that will allow forms to be submitted via a fillable pdf document. If your office did no mass mailings during this period, please submit a form that states ‘‘none.’’ Mass mailing registrations or nega-tive reports can be submitted elec-tronically or delivered to the Senate Office of Public Records, 232 Hart Building, Washington, DC 20510–7116. The Senate Office of Public Records is open from 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. For further information, please contact the Senate Office of Public Records at (202) 224–0322. f 
APPOINTMENT The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair, on behalf of the majority leader, pursuant to Public Law 96–114, as amended, appoints the following indi-vidual to the Congressional Award Board: Laura O’Conner of Utah. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 11 AFRICAN- AMERICAN SOLDIERS OF THE 333RD FIELD ARTILLERY BAT-TALION WHO WERE MASSACRED IN WERETH, BELGIUM, DURING THE BATTLE OF THE BULGE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate Armed Services Committee be dis-charged from further consideration of S. Res. 99 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 99) recognizing the 11 African-American soldiers of the 333rd Field Artillery Battalion who were massacred in Wereth, Belgium, during the Battle of the Bulge in December 1944. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 99) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in the R
ECORD of March 27, 2017, under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
CONDEMNING THE BRUTAL AND SENSELESS ATTACK AT A COUN-TRY MUSIC FESTIVAL IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 292, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 292) condemning the brutal and senseless attack at a country music festival in Las Vegas, Nevada, hon-oring the memory of the victims of the dead-ly shooting, offering condolences to, and ex-pressing support for, the families and friends of the victims and all of the individuals who were affected by the attack, and applauding the dedication and bravery of law enforce-ment officers, firefighters, paramedics, emer-gency medical technicians, medical profes-sionals, hotel security and staff, and commu-nity members in responding to the attack. There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 292) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
AUTHORIZING USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Con. Res. 26, submitted ear-lier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the concurrent resolu-tion by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 26) authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for the unveiling of the American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action (POW/MIA) Chair of Honor. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the concurrent resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the concurrent resolution be agreed to and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 26) was agreed to. (The concurrent resolution is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Submitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
CHILD PROTECTION IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 218, S. 705. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 705) to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for cer-tain individuals who, related to their em-ployment, have access to children, the elder-ly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.040 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6410 October 16, 2017 
on the Judiciary, with amendments, as follows: (The part of the bill intended to be stricken is shown in boldface brackets and the parts of the bill intended to be inserted are shown in italics.) 
S. 705 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Child Pro-tection Improvements Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. NATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK-GROUND CHECK AND CRIMINAL HIS-TORY REVIEW PROGRAM. 
The National Child Protection Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 5119 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 3 (42 U.S.C. 5119a)— (A) by striking ‘‘provider’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘covered individual’’; (B) by striking ‘‘provider’s’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘covered individual’s’’; (C) by amending subsection (a)(3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3)(A) The Attorney General shall estab-lish a program, in accordance with this sec-tion, to provide qualified entities located in States that do not have in effect procedures described in paragraph (1), or qualified enti-ties located in States that do not prohibit the use of the program established under this paragraph, with access to national criminal history background checks on, and criminal history reviews of, covered individuals. ‘‘(B) A qualified entity described in sub-paragraph (A) may submit to the appropriate designated entity a request for a national criminal history background check on, and a criminal history review of, a covered indi-vidual. Qualified entities making a request under this paragraph shall comply with the guidelines set forth in subsection (b), and with any additional applicable procedures set forth by the Attorney General or by the State in which the entity is located.’’; (D) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)(E), by striking ‘‘unsu-pervised’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively; (II) in the matter preceding clause (i), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘that each covered individual who is the subject of a back-ground check’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) that each covered individual who is the subject of a background check conducted pursuant to the procedures established pursuant to sub-section (a)(1)’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) that each covered individual who is the subject of a national criminal history background check and criminal history re-view conducted pursuant to the procedures established pursuant to subsection (a)(3) is entitled to challenge the accuracy and com-pleteness of any information in the criminal history record of the individual by con-tacting the Federal Bureau of Investigation under the procedure set forth in section 16.34 of title 28, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto.’’; (iii) in paragraph (3), insert after ‘‘author-ized agency’’ the following: ‘‘or designated entity, as applicable,’’; and (iv) in paragraph (4), insert after ‘‘author-ized agency’’ the following: ‘‘or designated entity, as applicable,’’; (E) in subsection (d), insert after ‘‘officer or employee thereof,’’ the following: ‘‘, nor shall any designated entity nor any officer or employee thereof,’’; (F) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) F
EES.— ‘‘(1) STATE PROGRAM .—In the case of a background check conducted pursuant to a State requirement adopted after December 20, 1993, conducted with fingerprints on a covered individual, the fees collected by au-thorized State agencies and the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation ømay not exceed eight-een dollars, respectively, or the actual cost, whichever is less, of the background check conducted with¿ may not exceed the actual cost of the background check conducted with fingerprints. ‘‘(2) F
EDERAL PROGRAM .—In the case of a national criminal history background check and criminal history review conducted pur-suant to the procedures established pursuant to subsection (a)(3), the fees collected by a designated entity shall be set at a level that will ensure the recovery of the full costs of providing all such services. The designated entity shall remit the appropriate portion of such fee to the Attorney General, which amount is in accordance with the amount published in the Federal Register to be col-lected for the provision of a criminal history background check by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ‘‘(3) E
NSURING FEES DO NOT DISCOURAGE  
VOLUNTEERS .—A fee system under this sub-section shall be established in a manner that ensures that fees to qualified entities for background checks do not discourage volun-teers from participating in programs to care for children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities. A fee charged to a qualified entity that is not organized under section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 may not be less than the total sum of the costs of the Fed-eral Bureau of Investigation and the designated entity.’’; and (G) by inserting after subsection (e) the following: ‘‘(f) N
ATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK-
GROUND CHECK AND CRIMINAL HISTORY RE-
VIEW PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) N
ATIONAL CRIMINAL HISTORY BACK -
GROUND CHECK .—Upon a designated entity re-ceiving notice of a request submitted by a qualified entity pursuant to subsection (a)(3), the designated entity shall forward the request to the Attorney General, who shall, acting through the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, complete a fingerprint-based check of the national criminal history background check system, and provide the information received in re-sponse to such national criminal history background check to the appropriate des-ignated entity. The designated entity may, upon request from a qualified entity, com-plete a check of a State criminal history database. ‘‘(2) C
RIMINAL HISTORY REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) D
ESIGNATED ENTITIES .—The Attorney General shall designate, and enter into an agreement with, one or more entities to make determinations described in paragraph (2). The Attorney General may not designate and enter into an agreement with a Federal agency under this subparagraph. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATIONS .—A designated enti-ty shall, upon the receipt of the information described in paragraph (1), make a deter-mination of fitness described in subsection (b)(4), using the criteria described in sub-paragraph (C). ‘‘(C) C
RIMINAL HISTORY REVIEW CRITERIA .— The Attorney General shall, by rule, estab-lish the criteria for use by designated enti-ties in making a determination of fitness de-scribed in subsection (b)(4). Such criteria shall be based on the criteria established pursuant to section 108(a)(3)(G)(i) of the Prosecutorial Remedies and Other Tools to end the Exploitation of Children Today Act of 2003 (42 U.S.C. 5119a note).’’; and (2) in section 5 (42 U.S.C. 5119c)— (A) by amending paragraph (9) to read as follows: ‘‘(9) the term ‘covered individual’ means an individual— ‘‘(A) who has, seeks to have, or may have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, served by a qualified enti-ty; and ‘‘(B) who— ‘‘(i) is employed by or volunteers with, or seeks to be employed by or volunteer with, a qualified entity; or ‘‘(ii) owns or operates, or seeks to own or operate, a qualified entity.’’; (B) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (11), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by inserting after paragraph (11) the following: ‘‘(12) the term ‘designated entity’ means an entity designated by the Attorney General under section 3(f)(2)(A).’’. SEC. 3. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall be fully implemented by not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported amendments be with-drawn, the Hatch substitute amend-ment be considered and agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, the title amend-ment be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendments were withdrawn. The amendment (No. 1112) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The bill (S. 705), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. The amendment (No. 1113) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the title) Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national crimi-nal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employ-ment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes.’’. f 
CHILD PROTECTION IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Judi-ciary Committee be discharged from further consideration of H.R. 695 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 695) to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G16OC6.024 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6411 October 16, 2017 
employment, have access to children, the el-derly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Hatch substitute amendment at the desk be considered and agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, the title amendment be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 1114) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The bill (H.R. 695), as amended, was passed. The amendment (No. 1115) was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To amend the title) Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national crimi-nal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employ-ment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes.’’. f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, October 17; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Trachtenberg nomination under the previous order; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly con-ference meetings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:44 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, October 17, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  
KIRSTJEN NIELSEN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY, VICE JOHN F. KELLY, RE-SIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
ALEX A. BEEHLER, OF MARYLAND, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF THE ARMY, VICE KATHERINE HAMMACK. JAMES E. MCPHERSON, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE GENERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY, VICE ALISSA M. STARZAK. JOHN C. ROOD, OF ARIZONA, TO BE UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR POLICY, VICE CHRISTINE E. WORMUTH. 
DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
BARRY LEE MYERS, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE UNDER SECRETARY OF COMMERCE FOR OCEANS AND ATMOS-PHERE, VICE KATHRYN D. SULLIVAN, RESIGNED. 
SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
HANNIBAL WARE, OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS, TO BE IN-SPECTOR GENERAL, SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION, VICE PEGGY E. GUSTAFSON. 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
KATHLEEN HARTNETT WHITE, OF TEXAS, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE COUNCIL ON ENVIRONMENTAL QUAL-ITY, VICE NANCY HELEN SUTLEY. 
SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
GAIL S. ENNIS, OF MARYLAND, TO BE INSPECTOR GEN-ERAL, SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION, VICE PAT-RICK P. O’CARROLL, JR., RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
STEPHEN AKARD, OF INDIANA, TO BE DIRECTOR GEN-ERAL OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE, VICE ARNOLD A. CHACON, RESIGNED. 
UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT  
BROCK D. BIERMAN, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR OF THE UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT, VICE THOMAS O. MELIA. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
YLEEM D. S. POBLETE, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF STATE (VERIFICATION AND COMPLI-ANCE), VICE FRANK A. ROSE. 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR  
PRESTON RUTLEDGE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE AN ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF LABOR, VICE PHYL-LIS CORINNE BORZI, RESIGNED. 
OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT  
JOHN EDWARD DUPUY, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE INSPECTOR GENERAL, OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT, VICE PATRICK E. MCFARLAND, RESIGNED. 
THE JUDICIARY  
JAMES C. HO, OF TEXAS, TO BE UNITED STATES CIR-CUIT JUDGE FOR THE FIFTH CIRCUIT, VICE CAROLYN D. RANDALL, RETIRED. 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS  
JON J. RYCHALSKI, OF MONTANA, TO BE CHIEF FINAN-CIAL OFFICER, DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS, VICE HELEN TIERNEY, RESIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE SURGEON GENERAL OF THE AIR FORCE AND AP-POINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 8036 AND 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DOROTHY A. HOGG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. PAUL D. NELSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. DAVID D. THOMPSON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. ANTHONY J. COTTON THE FOLLOWING AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: To be brigadier general 
COL. RALPH L. SCHWADER 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DONALD B. ABSHER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. RICHARD E. ANGLE COL. MILFORD H. BEAGLE, JR. COL. SEAN C. BERNABE COL. MARIA A. BIANK COL. JAMES P. BIENLIEN COL. BRIAN R. BISACRE COL. WILLIAM M. BORUFF COL. RICHARD R. COFFMAN COL. CHARLES D. COSTANZA COL. JOY L. CURRIERA COL. JOHNNY K. DAVIS COL. ROBERT B. DAVIS COL. THOMAS R. DREW COL. MICHAEL R. EASTMAN COL. BRIAN S. EIFLER COL. CHRISTOPHER L. EUBANK COL. OMUSO D. GEORGE COL. WILLIAM J. HARTMAN COL. DARIEN P. HELMLINGER COL. DAVID M. HODNE COL. JONATHAN E. HOWERTON COL. HEIDI J. HOYLE COL. THOMAS L. JAMES COL. CHRISTOPHER C. LANEVE COL. OTTO K. LILLER COL. VINCENT F. MALONE II COL. CHARLES R. MILLER COL. JAMES S. MOORE, JR. COL. MICHAEL T. MORRISSEY COL. ANTONIO V. MUNERA COL. FREDERICK M. O’DONNELL COL. PAUL E. OWEN COL. WALTER T. RUGEN COL. MICHELLE A. SCHMIDT COL. MARK T. SIMERLY COL. MICHAEL E. SLOANE COL. DOUGLAS F. STITT COL. WILLIAM D. TAYLOR COL. WILLIAM L. THIGPEN COL. THOMAS J. TICKNER COL. MATTHEW J. VANWAGENEN COL. DARREN L. WERNER THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DIRON J. CRUZ THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY J. HILTY THE FOLLOWING NAMED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12211: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. KEITH Y. TAMASHIRO THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. SCOTT D. BERRIER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. ERIC P. WENDT 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
VICE ADM. CHRISTOPHER W. GRADY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. BRUCE H. LINDSEY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:23 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G16OC6.026 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6412 October 16, 2017 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. MICHAEL E. BOYLE 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
JAMES A. FANT DUSTIN D. HARLIN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
ERIK M. MUDRINICH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
SCOTT M. ABBOTT JACQUELYN M. AMEDURI AMANDA J. ANDERSON SPENCER M. ANDRUS ALICE RUTH C. ARMAS CHASITIE R. ASHWORTH MARY A. BARNARD APRIL C. BARR MAVIS J. BEAN SUFUN BEARD WALTER A. BEELAND III MATHEW E. BEEMAN JASON F. BLAIR HEATHER J. BLAKE DONA R. BRADY JESSICA M. BROOKS SHEILA A. BROWN TIMOTHY A. BRUNSON LINDSEY M. CANTRELL BETHANY A. CASPER PAUL DANIEL CHARLES ERMITA N. CHARLESBERRETTE ADRIANNA L. CLARK JENNER A. COOPER KRISTINA M. COUGHLIN FELECIA G. CRADDIETH JASON S. CROSS SHAEE D. Y. DAVIS NOELLE P. DERUYTER DONNA L. DOUGLAS NINA M. DUMAS CHRISTOPHER SEAN DUNCAN KATRINA M. DYKE SHARON L. ELEBY SUSAN A. FON CHELSIE DAWN FOWLER JORDAN J. FRIED JARRETT E. GALLARDO AYANNA H. GLENN SONYA S. GOLDING MARIO E. GONZALEZ KARA N. GRANROTH EMMYLOISA F. GREENHILL JONATHAN D. HARE ANGELA D. HARP CYNTHIA L. HARRIS KOLT T. HARRIS MARY JANE P. HARRIS JOSEPH W. HARVEY HALEY M. HENDRIX BRANDON G. HESTWOOD BENJAMIN R. HOLLEY PETRA HOLLOWAY LISIS M. HUDSON CLAUDIA E. HUNTER AMY L. JACOBSON MARIA C. JEAN NINA M. JOHNSON ADA A. JUNTUNEN MELINDA C. KHUFU HYUN J. KIM MELISSA R. KING STEFANIE J. KNOX DOUGLAS A. KOOYMAN NATALIE A. KORONA SHAWN C. LAWSON MARK B. LENTS ELIZABETH K. LEWIS KATHERINE LINDSTROM SARA J. LLOYD JULIE C. LOMBRANA SARAH E. MARKS PARIDA C. R. MATA ERICA N. MCGAHA HAI PHUONG T. MCMANNON ANDREW C. MEIDLINGER CANDICE L. MEISTER PAUL J. MERRILL MARK S. METZLER MICHAEL J. MILLAR LAURA A. MILLENER MARC A. MILLER VANESSA J. MOFFETT TANYA P. MOONEYHAM HEIDI J. MOSHER HEATHER S. MULLIN SONYA R. MUZYKA SAMANTHA J. NELSON LYNN T. NGUYEN CHRISTINA M. NIGRO ALISIA JOANN ORTIZ MARISOL M. PACHECO CHRISTOPHER M. PARKER WAYNE A. PERNELL KYLE N. PERRY ANGELA K. PHILLIPS ELIZABETH R. PHILLIPS SHANNON D. PIERCE DAVID P. PITTS MARK J. POMERLEAU KIMBERLY ANN POOLE JOHN W. POWELL KRISHA A. PRENTICE KRISTOFFER A. PRICE TIFFANY J. PROCHASKA HEATHER A. QUIGG MICHELLE M. RENEAU RACHEL DANELLE RHODES CATHY A. RILEY JESSICA L. ROBERTS JASON D. ROSS KERRIE A. SANDERS JESSICA N. SANDS CHRISTOPHER A. SCHAEFER STACEY J. SCHRINER JESSICA M. SCIRICA RONALD W. SEARS, JR. ANDREW R. SEVERNS JONATHAN SHIN DANIELLE L. SHUBERT MICHELLE AULETTA SIMPSON CHARISMA C. SINGH MICHAEL P. STACPOOLE THOMAS K. STALLWORTH DESMOND A. TAYLOR JENNIFER L. TERREBONNE JOHN J. THOMPSON DANIEL C. THUROW KEVIN J. THYNES BRAD S. TIEFEL DIEGO L. TORRES MALICK B. TRAORE SHARLOTT URIARTE CHRISTINA VALLES KASINDRA M. VAN METER PETER B. VARNEY JONATHAN PAUL VIRNIG CATHERINE A. VOLKMER MICHAEL A. VOLKMER CAROL D. WALKER LATASHA M. WESTFALL JOSHUA V. WILLIAMS SAMUEL R. WILLIAMS LAWRENCE J. WILSON NAOMI L. WINTERHELD BART D. WINTERS SARAH M. WORKMAN MANDIE LOU YATES JUNE J. YI ERIC M. YOUNG SHENIKA A. ZAREBSKI KRISTINA M. ZUCCARELLI 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS PERMANENT PROFESSOR AT THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY IN THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 4333(B) AND 4336(A): 
To be colonel 
DAVID S. LYLE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
GEORGE B. INABINET THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
BENJAMIN A. BARBEAU EDWARD W. BROWN RAHMAN R. FUNN ANDREW P. GOERKE JEREMIAH M. HARVEY WALTER L. HELMICK KIRKLIN J. KUDRNA MARSHALL T. MCGURK MATTHEW R. MORGAN JASON L. OLIVET MATTHEW P. REFF MATTHEW A. RILEY BLAIR D. TIGHE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be major 
GARRETT K. ANDERSON JOSEPH A. LEPPERT ROGER D. PLASTER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY DENTAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be major 
JOSHUA A. AKERS MATTHEW R. ANDERSON PARVEZ BAIG GAMAL A. BAKER RISHARD M. BANKS JARED D. BEAM TYSON T. BECK AUTUMN L. BECKER DANIEL D. BECKER WILLIAM J. BELKNAP BONNIE R. BOUDREAUX NATHAN B. BUCKNER NATALIE A. CAMPBELL MARISOL CARBONELL JACOB J. J. CHAE ALBERT W. CHENG JAI I. CHO ROSS K. COOK MAURO CORREA, JR. CLAYTON T. CRAIG JONATHAN L. CZEREPAK CATHERINE M. DAHL TIMOTHY J. DIXON DAVID T. ENSLEY MATTHEW V. EUSTERMAN JOSEPH FERGUSON PATRICK R. FERGUSON MICHAEL D. GILLINS PAUL M. GOFORTH JOHN M. GOODMAN MAJD S. HADDAD ALIREZA HAMIDZADEH STEVEN E. HANDEL JEREMY J. HANLON JAROM HANSEN SEUNG H. HONG JOSHUA G. HYATT BRANDON H. JONES PAUL C. KEARNEY JONATHAN D. LANE TIFFANY R. LEWIS ERICK J. LUND JONATHAN A. MASON CORI M. MCCLATCHEY HILLARY J. MCCORMACK JAMES B. MCLAUGHLIN PARTH MEWAR GEORGE P. MITROGOGOS NAVIA T. NGUYEN CHRISTOPHER T. NORMAN MITCHELL J. L. OLIVER JUSTIN E. OLSEN KONY PARK JAMES L. PARKER FARZAN L. POURANFAR APRIL M. POWERS JARRED L. PRICE JOSHUA D. PRUDEN SHANNON L. REA ADRIENNE R. REMBERT JOSHUA L. ROCKWOOD SHAKASHA L. SCRUGGSWILLIAMS ISAAC C. SEBOURN MICHAEL D. SEGALL JILLIAN D. SEGLEM SCHUYLER B. SESSIONS CHAO H. SHEN DAVID H. SMITH BRENT A. TALBOT JESSE A. THIETTEN DARIN F. TINER JOSEPH C. VANDERBOSCH JOSHUA R. WALDRON ASHLEY M. WEBB THOMAS M. WELNAK LUCINDA J. YOUNG D013005 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: To be major 
JONATHAN L. ABBOTT MELANIE J. ACEVEDOVALLE MOSTAFA M. AHMED AARON K. ANDERSEN HARRY T. AUBIN DANIEL W. BAILEY MICHELLE L. BAILEY WAYNE T. BAILEY STEPHEN E. BARBERA ADAM M. BARELSKI JASON T. BARTER HILLERY S. BAVANI JESS W. BELLING RAFIK BENABDA MICHAEL D. BERES HUGH F. BIGG GEORGE E. BLACK IV BARTON L. BLACKORBY JOHN F. BONNES ZACHARY C. BOOMS CYRUS C. BOWERS ALAINA M. BRELIN MATTHEW E. BRICE KEVIN M. BRODERICK ROBERT O. BROUGHTON STEVEN E. BROWN SEAN C. BRUGMAN MATTHEW E. BRYANT RYAN V. B. BURKHART MICHAEL M. BURSEY DAVID C. BURY ROBERTO CANDELARIASANTIAGO EBONEE B. CARTER RUDOLPH A. CARTIER III CHRISTOPHER L. CASE, JR. MICHAEL T. CAVENDER ASHLEY D. CESAR PHILIP J. CHANDLER EDWARD T. CHANG 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.009 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6413 October 16, 2017 
MICHAEL S. CHEUNG SANDY K. CLAYTON MICHAEL S. CLEMENS BRANDON M. COLE CHRISTOPHER R. COOPER NICHOLAS P. COSENTINO AARON L. CRAIG KATHRYN A. CRANE DOMINIQUE S. CROSBY AMBER R. CROWDER THOMAS M. CROWELL II TYLER A. DAILEY MATTHEW R. DAVIS RICHARD D. DETHERIDGE DANIEL R. DIBLASI CALEB G. DICKISON JOHN J. DIGIOVANNI TIMOTHY B. DINH JEREMY W. DOCEKAL EDWARD A. DOLOMISIEWICZ PATRICIA M. DOMINGUEZ ANGELA M. DUNN JOHN C. DUNN CECILY E. DUPREE JOSHUA D. DWORKIN BRYANT S. EDWARDS JONATHAN C. ELLEMENT JABON L. ELLIS SCOTT P. ENDICOTT MARTIN O. EVANS II PHILIP G. EYE NINA L. FAKHORI WILLIAM G. V. FARKAS THORAN G. FARNSWORTH KRISTIN C. FIALA EAMON L. FILAN TIMOTHY FLYNN AUSTIN T. FOLLEY DEREK C. FORSTHOEFEL BRIAN E. FOSTER JAMES N. FOSTER STEPHEN L. FOSTYK IAN W. FOWLER BRENTON R. FRANKLIN THOMAS C. FRAWLEY AMIE E. FREEMAN MATTHEW A. FREEMAN BENJAMIN S. FRIDAY AMANDA J. GACCETTA BLAKE R. GALLER ANTONIO M. GARCIA JOSHUA K. GARDNER IAN S. GEIS CANDACE P. GILES BLAIR S. GLASGO TIMOTHY A. GOTHAM ALISON M. GRAJKOWSKI BROOKE L. GRAY JULIA GREENE LUCAS L. GROVES LINDSAY K. GRUBISH ANNE M. GUNN ANTHONY J. HACKETT SCOTT B. HAHN NEIL R. HALONEN GREGORY J. HAMILTON WILLIAM E. HARNER JAMES R. HARTLINE BRANDON D. HECHT EMILY M. HECKENDORN KENNETH A. HEIDA, JR. ROBERT K. HEININGER CAMELLIA L. HERNANDEZ ANNELIES T. HICKERSON ANDREW W. HILL CALEB D. HIXSON JEFFREY D. HOFFMANN PAUL J. HOFFMANN DOUGLAS R. HOGOBOOM STEVEN R. HOLE SARAH M. HOLMEN MATTHEW D. HOLTKAMP CAITLIN M. HOWARD RICHARD K. HURLEY, JR. JACK N. HUTTER ANNA H. ISFORT NATHAN K. JANSEN JOHN B. JENNETTE KARSTEN G. JENNINGS CHRISTINE A. JOHNSON ELISE H. JOHNSON KAROLINE R. JOHNSON PETER C. JOHNSON ELLEN C. JONES DANIEL M. KAPLAN AARON S. KARMES MALGORZATA E. KASPERSKA STEFAN G. KAZACOS MARION C. KEEHN BRENDAN S. KELLEY MATTHEW H. KEMM SHEILA M. KEMPER GARRY J. KENNEBREW ERIC P. KINSMAN JOHN W. KIRCHER KEVIN R. KNIERY EHAB A. KOMSAN JEANNE A. G. KRICK ANDREW R. KUHLE DANE K. KURATSU JAMES M. KYLE NICHOLAS D. LANCASTER PAUL J. LANIER HEATHER A. LAYHER JOSHUA A. LAYHER DOUGLAS Y. C. LEE LESLIE M. LEMANEK KATHERINE M. LEONARD MUOY I. LIM ADRIANNA N. LONG TRACY V. LOVE QUAN M. LUONG ALEXANDER D. MALLOY JOHANNA G. H. MAROWSKE ERIC J. MARPLE DAVID W. MARTELL JENNIFER H. MASEL JACOB MATHEW, JR. KIMBERLEY A. MAXWELL DANIEL R. MAY IAN C. MAY PATRICIA S. MCADAMS JOHN G. MCCARTHY JASON C. MCCARTT BENJAMIN J. MCCOLLUM IAN S. MCDOUGALL MEGHAN J. MCHENRY CHRISTINA J. MCKINNIS TYLER S. MCMILLAN ALLEN A. MEHR AYESHA M. MEJIA LINDA Y. MEYERS ALEX S. MILLER ELIZABETH A. MILLER KEITH D. MOFFIT AMINA MOGHUL GORDON MOK MARIO A. MORALES ROBERT L. MORRIS MATTHEW W. MORRISSEY KATHRYN B. MUIR MELISSA A. MYERS JASON J. NAM ZACHARY S. NEUBERT JELAUN K. NEWSOME MATTHEW P. NILAN FAITH A. D. NIMER MARY A. NOEL CHRISTOPHER O. OCHIENG JORDAN T. OCHSNER ANDREW W. OSTEN RICHARD S. OTTO ERIKA A. OVERBEEKWAGER DAVID T. PADRO HEMANT PAL RYAN M. PAOLINO GRACE E. PARK MELANIE V. PARM BRANDON M. PENIX KRISTOPHER M. PETERS KEITH E. PETERSEN BRYAN M. PETTI CHRISTOPHER K. T. PHAM NGAC N. PHAN PHUNG D. PHAN JONATHAN E. PICKETT SARAH B. PLACEK TESS H. POLLINGER BRIAN C. POMERANTZ HEATHER S. POMERANTZ ROBERT A. POWELL TYLER A. POWELL ZACHARY A. PRATHER RYAN L. PRENTICE VICTORIA M. PRENTICE RICHARD L. PURCELL NATASHA J. PYZOCHA REBECCA J. RADCLIFFE FRANK J. RAGUKONIS, JR. JONATHAN H. RASMUSSEN JOHN M. RAWLINGS NEPHI A. REDD MATTHEW S. REECE JASON L. REED BRADY W. REESE ERIKA S. REESE CHRISTINA P. REMMERT SHANNON F. RENFROW AARON D. ROBERTS BENJAMIN C. ROBERTS AMANDA L. RODRIGUEZ MANUEL RODRIGUEZ IV FABIAN J. ROHENA ANNA N. ROMAGNOLI CESAR J. ROSA ASHLEY A. ROSELLE JASON E. ROSTEDT ERIC J. ROYSTON WILLIAM D. RUMBAUGH EAN R. SABERSKI ADRIAN M. SALAZAR CAROLYN A. SALTER JOHN S. SAUR KURT E. SCHAPIRA WAYNE C. SCHMIDT, JR. DAVID P. SCHMITT ALICIA N. SCRIBNER KAYE E. SEDARSKY FRANCIS A. SEILER NEEL J. SHAH BRIAN J. SHIOZAWA JUSTIN R. SHIRLEY DOROTHY SHUM SAMUEL N. SIGOLOFF JENNA L. SILAKOSKI NICOLE M. SILVA NICHOLAS C. SILVESTER BRIAN D. SINDELAR MAXWELL R. SIRKIN DEL R. SLONEKER BRETT L. SMITH LAPORTIA J. SMITH STEPHANIE S. SMITH ZACHARY D. SMITH CHARLES P. SMOOT SARAH B. SNYDER KYLE SOKOL CHRISTOPHER C. SQUIRES STEPHEN K. STACEY GREGORY J. STEVENS JAYNE R. STEVENS JAMES A. STEWART RODGER S. STITT GEORGE W. STONE ADAM G. STREET SCOTT SULLIVAN VICTORIA F. SULLIVAN RICHARD C. SWEDARSKY MICHAEL C. SWIFT MICHAEL S. SWITZER CHRISTOPHER M. TARNEY DAVID J. TENNENT CONNIE L. THOMAS RICHARD L. THOMAS DAVID P. TILLMAN THOMAS A. TOKARZ ANTHONY M. TOLISANO THOMAS H. TONKIN DANIEL J. TSENG ERIC K. TURNER REBECCA E. VAREBROOK TREASACH C. VARGAS CHRISTOPHER F. VAUGHNS KARLA M. VEGACOLON JENNIFER L. VIERA JAYME A. VOGT ALANA M. WADE BRIAN S. WALLIN LOREN E. WALWYNTROSS LIN C. WANG AUBRI M. WATERS SEBASTIAN K. WELSH PAUL J. WETSTEIN BRADY W. WHITMER LUKE M. WICKE MEREDITH C. WILLS KELLY E. WILSON SARA M. WILSON JONATHAN T. WINGATE KIN Y. WONG BRIAN C. YBARBO STEVEN H. YOO DAVID H. YUN JASON M. ZACK KATHERINE M. ZAMPERINI BOVEY Z. ZHU THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SPECIALIST CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
JANETTA R. BLACKMORE GAIL A. DREITZLER MICHAEL E. FRANCO DAVID L. HAMILTON ROBERT S. HEATH JEFFREY E. OLIVER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY VETERINARY CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
STEVEN A. BATY JOHN C. BEACH DWAYNE C. BECHTOL MICHAEL R. BONHAGE AMMON W. BROWN CLAYTON D. CHILCOAT ANNE E. HESSINGER ALISA R. WILMA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be colonel 
WESLEY J. ANDERSON SANDRA J. BARR JODY L. DUGAI MARC A. FRY RONALD S. GESAMAN SEAN P. HARBERT IRMA T. HARTMAN DAVID HERNANDEZ ROBERT A. HOLCEK JOSEPH A. HULSE PAUL M. JOHNSON STEVEN A. KNAPP FRANK LEE VINCENT L. LETO HENGMO Y. MCCALL BETHANY L. MCCORMICK GENERA D. MILLER KEITH C. PALM VINA A. RAJSKI KATHLEEN G. SPANGLER LANCE C. TAYLOR DANIEL B. THOMPSON CORNELIUS R. TYLER TANYA L. WAHLBERG HOPE M. WILLIAMSONYOUNCE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL SERVICE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SEC-TIONS 624 AND 3064: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.011 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6414 October 16, 2017 
To be colonel 
GINA E. ADAM THOMAS J. ANTON JANELLE A. ARNETTE JAMES R. AUVIL JON E. BAKER MICHAEL F. BELENKY BRIAN J. BENDER JOSEPH A. BOWMAN DANIEL D. BRIDON KENT A. BROUSSARD EDWARD L. BRYAN, JR. JOSE E. CAPOAPONTE KRISTEN L. CASTO CHRISTOPHER M. CHRISTON WALTER G. S. CUMMINGS ROSS A. DAVIDSON JACOB J. DLUGOSZ RYAN R. ECKMEIER BRIAN P. EVANS SHAWN R. GELZAINES DOUGLAS R. GRAY ANDREW HAGEMASTER KEVIN C. HAMILTON JILL J. HENDERSON BERNITA HIGHTOWER STACY A. HOLMAN MATTHEW D. KONOPA JOSELITO C. LIM DOUGLAS K. LOMSHEK HUGH A. MCLEAN, JR. MICHAEL S. MENDENHALL JEFFREY J. NEIGH JEANNE A. NORWOOD MICHAEL T. PEACOCK STEVEN J. RICHTER JASON R. SEPANIC SHANNON N. SHAW STEVEN E. SHIPLEY ROBERT B. SIDELL KEVIN S. SMITH BRIAN C. SPANGLER REBECCA J. TERRY MATTHEW W. VOYLES NORMAN C. WATERS JOHN D. A. YEAW DAVID R. ZINNANTE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
DAVID J. H. CHANG FRED I. DIXON RICHARD J. FONYI DANIEL A. HOLLAND CHRISTOPHER W. LOWE JOHN M. PERRINE BENJAMIN A. RING STEVE M. SMITH BRADY L. STOUT IAN J. TARASEVITSCH MICHAEL R. TAYLOR, JR. MATTHEW J. YANDURA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
SAMUEL A. REDDING THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY NURSE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: 
To be lieutenant colonel 
SATIVA M. FRANKLIN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C. SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
MAURICE O. BARNETT AARON C. BARTA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JENNIFER A. MAHONEY THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C. SECTION 624: 
To be major 
YON T. CHUNG MICHAEL B. PAYNE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE RESERVE OF THE ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be colonel 
CATHLEEN A. LABATE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
GRANT R. BARGE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be major 
MICHAEL W. CHUNG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C. SECTION 624: 
To be major 
REBECCA J, COOPER MATTHEW L. DANIELS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C. SECTION 624: 
To be major 
CHEMITRA M. CLAY JOHN C. HUBBARD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
CHARLES K. BERGMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
ROBERT S. PATTON, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
JASON P. AFFOLDER KEVIN J. AGEN KATHY L. ALLISON MICHAEL C. ANDERSON WYETH S. ANDERSON CHRISTIAN C. AYERS KEVIN M. BAIRD LESLIE A. BARNETT DANIEL A. BARTLETT JULIA BELL CORY N. BERG MATTHEW R. BOWLER JOHN R. BRETTHORST KATHY M. BROWN JOHN T. BRYAN TODD E. BUHR ANDREW T. CARTER JOSEPH M. COLACICCO JOHN S. COMBS JOHN M. COOPER MALCOLM S. CORNISH V JOSEPH M. DAVIS JAMES DEBOER ANTHONY R. DEKEYZER DARYL G. DEVERAWADEN DAVID S. DINKELMAN PATRICK A. DISNEY STEPHEN P. DONDERO STEPHEN D. DORRIS MARY O. DRAYTON SARA E. DUDLEY REBECCA L. EGGERS CHRISTINE V. ENRIQUEZ STEVEN A. ERICKSON STEPHEN A. FABIANO DONALD A. FAGNAN CHARLES A. FISHER, JR. MICHAEL S. FLEMING JOEL D. FRANKLIN JERRY E. GAUSSOIN KERRY L. GEORGE GREGORY K. GIBBONS JOSEPH W. GREENLEE JOHN W. HANKINS DANIEL J. HEAPE COREY P. HEMINGWAY MARTIN J. HENDRIX III ERIK E. HILBERG DAVID T. HILLS YOLANDA M. HINES KRISTA M. HOFFMAN HERMAN L. JOHNSON, JR. HUMBERTO I. JONES GBENGA B. KAFFO SCOTT B. KINDBERG CLETIS R. KING, JR. KEITH R. KRUELSKI CURT E. KUETEMEYER CALVIN J. LANE ERIC D. LARSEN DONALD T. LOGSDON JEFFERY P. LUCAS FREDRIC R. MADDOX LANDIS C. MADDOX YOLANDA B. MADDOX WHEELER R. MANNING JEANETTE A. MARTIN JOHN T. MASTERNAK BRIAN D. MATTHEWS JOHN W. MCDONALD ROBERT L. MCDONALD, JR. REBECCA B. MCELWAIN MONDREY O. MCLAURIN ROBERTO J. MERCADOROMERO MICHAEL F. MINAUDO TODD D. MITCHELL FRANK A. MOORE DARYL R. MORSE JOHN M. MOTSZKO KIMBERLY D. NASH CHRISTOPHER D. NOE BRIAN S. OLSON LUIS A. PARILLI MICHAEL A. PATRICK TERRIE L. PETERKIN REGINA PISTONE STEVEN E. PUTTHOFF JARED A. REID HATTIE L. RICHARDSON MICHAEL E. RIVERA CHRISTOPHER J. RUGA ROBERT W. RUGG EARL B. SCHONBERG, JR. STEVEN P. SCHULTZ ROBERT L. SKETCH JAMES M. STEPHENS JOE J. SUDDITH, JR. MICHAEL G. SUMMERS JACK S. TAYLOR SHANE M. UPTON STEWART J. VANBUREN MARK W. VANDERSTEEN WILLIAM R. VENABLE JOSHUA S. VOGEL MARVIN L. WALKER ANTHONY T. WALTERS DAVID A. WARE WALLACE E. WEAKLEY, JR. ROBERT M. WILLIAMS GREGORY R. WORLEY WILLIAM B. WYLES GUY YELVERTON III TIMOTHY R. ZETTERWALL D013695 D012837 D012388 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
ANDRE B. ABADIE WILLIAM T. ADAMS MATTHEW A. ANDERSON JOEL R. ARELLANO ROBERT C. ARMSTRONG RICHARD R. BALESTRI JOHN M. BARRY, JR. ARCHIE L. BATES III JOSEPH D. BECKER AMOS R. BENNETT DUSTIN D. BISHOP CRAIG J. BONDRA STEPHANIE L. BOUNDS DAN R. BRUE II REGINALD E. BRYANT WILLIAM W. BURCH ANDRE L. BURKS JOHN R. BUSSOLARI TERENCE A. CALIGUIRE GILBERT M. CARDONA GWYN A. CARVER ELIZABETH A. CASELY ROBERTO R. CASTILLO JOHN C. CHECCO DERRICK W. CHENG GABRIEL A. CHINCHILLA JAMES B. COGBILL FAREN R. COLE DANIELLE D. CORKE ROBERT E. CROFT PATRICK E. CURRY MATTHEW F. DABKOWSKI TIMOTHY G. DALTON KEVIN K. DAMON AIMEE S. DEJARNETTE JASON W. DICKERMAN ALAN H. DINERMAN ALYSSA G. DREW SKYE D. DUNCAN PAUL F. EVANGELISTA EDWARD R. EVANS III MICHAEL J. FEELEY MATTHEW J. FOULK JOHN F. FRAVEL III ERNEST A. FREUND JOHN A. FRICK CANDICE E. FROST JOSEPH A. FUNDERBURKE ROBERT A. GLECKLER ADELAIDO GODINEZ III RICHARD S. GRAMMER EUGENE J. GREGORY JASON D. HALLOCK JAMES M. HALLORAN SANG D. HAN REGINALD M. HARRIS PAUL R. HAVERSTICK, JR. JOSH W. HELMS JASON L. HESTER KAREN E. HOBART WILLIAM W. HORN V CHARLES E. HORNICK, JR. TREVOR W. HOUGH BLUE HUBER CHRISTOPHER G. HURLBURT CHRISTOPHER A. INGELS HEATHER A. JACKSON JAMES E. JENKINS II JEREMIAH J. JETTE CHRISTOPHER G. JOHNSON GARRETT P. JONES DEXTER A. JORDAN CHRISTOPHER E. KEESHAN RAYMOND A. KIMBALL 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.012 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6415 October 16, 2017 
DAVID C. KNAPP GARY R. KRAMLICH II KRISTOFER S. LABOWSKI NORMAN S. LAWRENCE BRYAN C. LECLERC WILLIAM R. LEGGETT III JASON S. LIGGETT JEFFERY L. LONG BRYAN M. LOVE H C. LYLE KEVIN M. MACNEIL LAWRENCE D. MARTIN CARLOS I. MARTINEZ BRIAN J. MARZAN WILLIAM C. MCDOWELL JOHN W. MEEK ROBERT E. MEINE GLENN O. MELLOR JOHN C. MICHAUD BENJAMIN D. MILLER HAROLD S. MONTOYA LAWRENCE A. MULLANY DELTON NIX, JR. BRIAN C. NORTH BUCKLEY E. ODAY III ERIC R. OLSON MATTHEW N. OLSON OSVALDO ORTIZ CHRISTOPHER E. OXENDINE TYLER J. OXLEY ANDREW F. PEKALA DWIGHT E. PHILLIPS, JR. JESSE A. PHILLIPS SEAN R. PIRONE MICHAEL J. PONCHAK COREY S. PRESSLEY TAGE J. RAINSFORD CHRISTOPHER C. RANKIN DAVID J. RAPONE JAMES S. RAWLINSON WALTER E. RICHTER RYAN K. ROSEBERRY GREGORY S. ROSS DANIEL W. RUECKING DARCY R. SAINTAMANT ADAM R. SANDERSON ANTHONY SCHEVALIER CHAD C. SCHOOLS MICHAEL A. SHEKLETON MATTHEW J. SKAGGS LAWRENCE E. SKELLY III CRAIG C. SMITH DIRK H. SMITH, JR. JENNIFER J. SMITHHEYS JAMES L. SNYDER KHOT SOUIMANIPHANH SEAN F. STINCHON ERIC N. STROM JOHN D. SUGGS, JR. MICHEAL C. SWINSON ERIC S. TOLLEFSON ALLEN D. WALKER KRISTA L. WATTS CATHERINE T. WILKINSON DAVID M. WILLIAMS, JR. SAMUEL J. WILLMON STEVEN M. WINKLEMAN ROBYN D. WOOD GEOFFREY W. WRIGHT MATTHEW M. ZAIS JUAN C. ZAVALA DANIEL M. ZERBY G001052 G010302 G010463 D011646 G001060 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
WINFIELD A. ADKINS CHRISTOPHER S. ALFEIRI BRANDON C. ANDERSON WILLIAM C. ASHMORE BRYAN L. BABICH TIMOTHY M. BAER MARK C. BAILEY MICHAEL J. BAIM EDWARD J. BALLANCO DANIEL T. BARD JOHN M. BAREFIELD SHAWN M. BARNES JEREMY A. BARTEL GARY W. BEARD, JR. ERIC D. BEATY ANTHONY J. BEHRENS JEFFREY S. BERGMANN MICHAEL R. BINETTI JAMES B. BIRD W M. BOCHAT ROBERT G. BORN BRADLEY L. BOYD JOHN B. BROAM TERRY A. BUTCHER TOMMY L. CARDONE, JR. BRADLEY M. CARR SHANE D. CELEEN JONATHAN M. CHUNG TERRY L. CLARK GLEN E. CLUBB ADAM M. COBB MICHAEL W. COBB MATTHEW D. COBURN JAMES M. COLLINS JASON W. CONDREY JORGE O. CORDEIRO JACK D. CRABTREE III CHRISTOPHER W. CRARY PATRICK J. DAGON CHRISTOPHER R. DANBECK ANTHONY E. DANIELS PATRICK S. DAULTON LINN K. DESAULNIERS DAVID P. DIAMOND TIMOTHY E. DRUELL BRADFORD T. DUPLESSIS JAMES T. ELDRIDGE IV JOSEPH M. EWERS STUART L. FARRIS GRANT S. FAWCETT DAVID E. FIELDER, JR. JOHN A. FIVIAN ALRIC L. FRANCIS KENNETH J. FREY ROGELIO J. GARCIA WHITNEY B. GARDNER LARRY V. GEDDINGS, JR. HISE O. GIBSON JOSEPH C. GOETZ II KEVIN R. GOLINGHORST SCOTT D. GOULD CHAD D. GOYETTE MATTHEW R. GRAGG PHILIP E. GRAHAM ETHAN L. HALL JAMES J. HANDURA WILLIAM C. HANNAN, JR. KEVIN F. HANRAHAN MICHAEL G. HARRIS JAMES A. HAYES REBECCA D. HAZELETT GLENN A. HENKE BART G. HENSLER JOHN J. HERRMAN ADAM W. HILBURGH TREVOR W. HILL ROBERT A. HILLIARD DERIC J. HOLBROOK SCOTT L. HOLLAND, JR. EDWARD C. HUDSON III MARK E. HUHTANEN BRYAN W. HUNT STUART M. JAMES KARL D. JANSEN JEREMY E. JELLY BARTON L. JOHNKE JASON E. KERR PHILLIP J. KINIERY III SETH A. KNAZOVICH SCOTT P. KNIGHT, JR. SIDNEY A. KNOX MICHAEL J. KOVACEVIC GLENN E. KOZELKA PAUL T. KRATTIGER JOHNATHON M. KUPKA CHRISTOPHER S. LANDERS JACOB J. LARKOWICH STEPHEN H. LEE FRANCISCO J. LEIJA MARK S. LENT PHILIP V. LENZ VYLIUS M. LESKYS APISIT LEWIS JOHN D. LITCHFIELD BRYAN L. LOGAN LUIS O. LOMAS BENJAMIN R. LUPER TIMOTHY J. MACDONALD JOSEPH J. MALIZIA, JR. MICHAEL C. MANNER DANIEL K. MARK DAMIEN E. MASON CHARLES L. MATALLANA LEE C. MATTHEWS DAVID N. MAYO, JR. RYAN E. MCCORMACK MATTHEW Y. MCCULLEY JOHN F. MCDANIEL JAMES T. MCGAHEY EDWARD MEYERS ZACHARY L. MILLER NATHAN A. MINAMI ANDREW J. MORGAN BRYAN A. MORGAN JUSTIN T. MUFALLI TIMOTHY R. MUNGIE STEPHEN F. MURPHY JON P. MYERS SCOTT A. MYERS ALEXIS A. NEAL ROSS F. NELSON DON A. NESTOR, JR. JOEL D. NEWSOM ERIC M. NOE CHRISTOPHER M. NYLAND JAMES M. OBRIEN II RYAN P. OCONNOR MARK A. OLSEN RALPH W. OVERLAND JEFFREY O. PAINE JAMES G. PANGELINAN DUANE M. PATIN TIMOTHY P. PAYMENT FELIX A. PEREZ JACOB A. PETERSON CARL A. POPPE SCOTT S. PRESTON RALPH W. RADKA BRIAN R. RAUEN JAMES G. RIELY WILLIAM A. RODGERS RAFAEL A. RODRIGUEZ KEVIN C. SAATKAMP AMADO SANCHEZ IV JOHN W. SANNES ANDREW O. SASLAV TODD A. SCHMIDT MICHAEL D. SCHOENFELDT JENNIFER L. SCHULKE JOHN G. SCHWEMMER, JR. DAVID S. SENTELL SCOTT A. SHAW JONATHAN A. SHINE ANDREW J. SHORT APRIL D. SKOU KENNETH D. SLOVER JASON E. SMITH MICHAEL T. SQUIRES CHRISTOPHER M. STALLINGS JENNESS F. STEELE PATRICK T. STICH MARK W. STOUFFER STEVEN L. TABAT JASON C. TALIAFERRO BRANDON S. TEAGUE FREDERICK J. TOTI MICHAEL F. TREMBLAY JASON B. TUSSEY TRENT D. UPTON TIMOTHY R. VAIL JAMES P. VELESKY JONATHAN M. VELISHKA GEORGE WALTER ANDREW J. WATSON CHRISTOPHER M. WEATHERS CHRISTOPHER B. WELLS JOHN T. WHELAHAN, JR. CHRISTINE M. WHITMER GEOFFREY A. WHITTENBERG JASON T. WILLIAMS JEREMY R. WILLINGHAM THOMAS G. WILSON, JR. MICHAEL L. WISER DAVID C. WOODRUFF, JR. JOSEPH W. WORTHAM II RYAN L. WORTHAN LEO J. WYSZYNSKI D011853 D001730 D005484 D012357 D004201 D001087 D011368 D013960 THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY MEDICAL CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 624 AND 3064: To be colonel 
DEVRY C. ANDERSON 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
SUZANNE T. ALFORD LUIS E. AYBAR DOMINIC M. BENNETT ROBERT L. BOND, JR. MICHAEL C. BORJA CHARIS M. BRACY JENNIFER K. BRIDGES AMY D. BRUCE WILLIAM J. BULLEN III TIMOTHY R. CAMERON CHRISTOPHER M. CASEY GRANT J. CASSINGHAM GREGORY A. CHASSE JULIE E. CHRISTIE JOSEPH J. CROWLEY GODFREY CUNNINGHAM, JR. SANDRA M. DEERING SARA M. DIMMICK WILLIAM J. ELLIOTT JOSHUA A. EVIRS CHRISTOPHER M. FERRANTE NEAL J. FERRY BRIGID C. FIELDS STEPHEN A. FLOYD JOHN G. GIBSON III DECLAN B. GLYNN JAMES C. GOUGER MATTHEW D. GRAHAM KYLE S. GREEN MARK P. GRISSOM, JR. NICHOLAS P. R. GRITZ CASSIE L. HAMBLIN KURT W. HANSEN DARCY A. HERBERICK NATHANIEL B. HODGES MATTHEW T. HOLDEN VANESSA K. JANSEN ADAM J. KEECH IAN S. KELLEY EDWARD R. KELLUM JEANANNE B. KIM JEFFREY W. LAUPOLA CLIFFORD T. LOOS CHRISTOPHER R. LOPER JABE LOPEZ DAVID S. MADISON AMY M. MANCL 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.013 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6416 October 16, 2017 
JENNIFER M. MANGARAN EDDIE L. MARTIN MATTHEW M. MCKENZIE TYSON B. MEADORS JOHN E. D. MEYER KATRINA C. MOFFETT TODD P. MOULTON WESTON P. MURRAY MICHAEL F. NATARO ANDREW L. ORCHARD LESLIE C. PAISLEY JEREMY D. PARSON JACOB E. PIKE DAVID L. PROSSER KEVIN J. PUDAS JASON T. RETTINGER SAMANTHA F. SCARBOROUGH JOSEPH G. STAINS AARON R. STOMSKI ANTONIO R. SWAIN DAVID I. TANG ANDY M. THAXTON DAVID M. TRUESDELL CALEB S. TUCKER WILLIAM R. WALSH BRIAN K. WEHLE JAMIE N. WHITMAN TIMOTHY L. WIES ERIC R. WRIGHT DAVID A. YANCEY LAURA C. YOON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
ROY A. ADUNA QUENTIN ALBEA PAUL M. ALLEN CHRISTOPHER L. AMBROSI ALDEN Y. ARGANTE BLAIR W. ASHBY RICHARD F. BAIER ADAM M. BARONI MARVIN E. BARTHOLOMEW MICHAEL P. BAUTISTA COREY A. BELL CORY S. BENFIELD BEAU J. BLANCHARD KURT A. BOGART CHARLES E. BONAFILIA CHRISTOPHER W. BRANDT JOEL B. BROVERO JOSHUA W. BUNTE MICHAEL J. CARR BRANDON D. CARVER JAIME CASTRO JAVIER CASTROMARTINEZ ROQUE E. CHASE JAMES B. CLARK KEITH A. CLARK ROBERT J. COATS JEROD L. COLE DARRELL L. COOK RALPH S. COOK MICHAEL S. COOKE WILLIAM J. CORRIGAN, JR. PRAXEDES COTRINA MATTHEW W. CRANDALL KEVIN A. CURTIS RAHSAN A. DEAVERS MITCHEL M. DESHOTEL II ALEXEY DIAZ BRENT C. DUNAGAN ALAN R. DUNLAP ALOYSIUS V. ELZIE CHRISTOPHER EMMETT AMY N. EVANS SCOTT D. EVANS ROGER J. EYROLLES GREGORIO V. FAMILIA ROSS E. FARROW MALVIN L. FIKES ROBERT A. FILES, JR. MICHAEL J. E. FISK MIGUEL FLORES, JR. MICHAEL R. FOUGHT DOMINIC R. FRANK MARK J. GACKOWSKI LAWRENCE J. GAZAFY DAMON C. GILBERT JOHN J. GNIK WILLIAM B. GODWIN, JR. DAVID M. GREEN CHAD W. HAACK TENNILLE M. HAIRSTON JERROD S. HALL EVELYN J. HANDLEY DOUGLAS E. HAWK CATHERINE L. HAYNES QUINCY P. HEBERT DARRELL R. HEIDE JOSHUA M. HEMMING LINDA C. HILTON GREGORY E. HITT STEVEN HOFFEN AARON E. HOLDREN STEVEN L. HOOD CHRISTOPHER M. HUDSON GARY L. HUDSON JAMISON R. HUNTER KEVIN W. IRONS MICHAEL C. JARRIEL JOHN M. JERNIGAN MYRON C. JOHNSON CARLTON JONES RONALD D. JONES, JR. VINCENT A. JUNOR MICHAEL A. KALMAN STANLEY F. KEMPINGER, JR. SHANNON J. KEUSS PATRICK J. KEY KERRY L. KING CHRISTOPHER A. KISER SHAWN L. KLINE JEFFREY T. KNIGHT ROB E. R. KOERNKE VICTOR S. KOUW WINSTON B. LANGHAM JAMES C. LEASURE III MICHAEL D. LEMMONS ROBERT J. LILLY MARLON D. LOVE CRAIG W. LYNES DAVID S. MACMELVILLE THOMAS A. MADERA CHRISTOPHER G. MARLEY LUCAS J. MARTINEZMENDIETA STEWART C. MATHEWS KEVIN T. MATSON ROBERT L. MCCALLISTER JAMES R. MCCARTY II SEAN R. MCDONNELL CHRISTOPHER R. MCHENRY MATTHEW T. MCMAHON MATTHEW D. METZ LISA D. MILLIGAN SHANNON N. MORRIS DUANE L. MOTLEY TODD A. MOUSEL CRAIG L. MUELLER JAMES J. MUELLER GREGORY L. MULL SCOTT A. MYTHEN MARK D. NAGORNIUK JEREMIAH J. NELSON LEONARDO A. NICASIO ELOY D. NUNEZ LEE D. OCONNOR SEAN R. OWENS SHAUN M. PAGE KENNETH B. J. PAYNE CHAD E. PELLETIER RYAN J. PLATT GARY P. PLUTTA DAMIEN M. PORTER BRIAN R. PURVIS DAVID M. RACKLEY MARK A. REDDY MICHAEL G. REILLY, JR. BRADLEY W. REMPFER BRENT E. RICKER DAVID R. RINEHART DAVID W. ROACH CHRISTOPHER P. ROCHE ROMEO G. SALAZAR RICARDO SANCHEZ JOEY SANDERS SUZANNE E. SCHRUMP CHRISTOPHER W. SHEPHERD JAMES C. SIMPSON CHRISTOPHER R. SMITH RODERICK B. SMITH REGGIE L. SMOOT CHRISTOPHER J. STEFENACK JOHNNY L. STEVENSON, JR. KYLE P. STROBECK PIO STROLIGO JOHN R. SULLIVAN MICHAEL A. SWORD WILLIAM O. TEMPLET, JR. DANIEL J. TOPPER JACOB A. UPTEGROVE VICTOR R. VASQUEZGARCIA MICHAEL A. VAUGHAN CARLOS A. VEASLEY PETER H. WARD YVETTE M. WASHINGTON EDWARD E. WEEKLEY, JR. LARRON D. WHITE MICHAEL S. WHITEHEAD DAVID N. WILCOX ANTONIO WILLIAMS MARK S. WILLIAMS THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, JR. JOHN P. WOJCIK FRED WOOD JAMES W. WORLEY II COREY K. WRIGHT KIRTLEY N. YEISER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be commander 
CALVIN LOPER KELVIN B. MCGHEE 
To be lieutenant commander 
KEVIN J. ALTEMARA MARIAN D. HILL STEVEN A. SHEPSKI BILLY W. YOUNG THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
MAUREEN M. DERKS KRISTA B. KALICK JEFFERY J. RIGGS, JR. JEFFREY P. SHARP THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: To be lieutenant commander 
DANIEL T. BARNES CHRISTIANE A. BENZING JAMES K. BROWN DAVID P. BUNDY STEVEN S. CHOI NICHOLAS S. HAMILTON CHELSEA M. HASSETT SEAN J. JIN KIMBERLY R. LAHNALA TONY T. G. LE JOHN T. MONEY JEREMIAH A. STIEFEL JACQUELYN O. VERMILLOHERMAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
SHAMIRE E. BRANCH KELLY L. BYRNE JASON M. DAWSON JACK C. DOUGHERTY STEPHAN D. GALLAGHER RINO M. GUERRERO CHRISTOPHER R. MACHADO MICHAEL A. MARTIN JESSICA A. ORR NICHOLAS S. PATRIA THAI Q. PHUNG MATTHEW C. REFFITT TYONNA N. RESPICIO JUSTIN P. VANES KA XIONG ALANNA B. YOUNGBLOOD THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
DAVID L. AGUILAR MICHELLE E. J. AKINS JODI M. D. BIERMANN KATY T. BOCK KENNETH P. BOND LEAH P. CARTER JASON D. DOAN CHARICKI J. EVANS LAUREN P. GARCIA RUBEN J. GARCIA TIMOTHY L. HENDERSON ANTHONY M. HRUBY MICHAEL G. MANASKIE WILLIAM V. MAUGERI III BENJAMIN E. ONEILL RYAN C. ROELING WILLIAM C. SOUDER III DANIEL J. WALKER DAVID K. ZIVNUSKA THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
REBECCA L. ANDERSON JOHN M. BEAVER AARON R. BURDT DAVID A. CROCHET JEREMY P. DORSCHNER DAVID T. DOYLE MICHAEL W. FLOYD KEVIN W. JACK GREGORY R. JONES DEVON B. KIBBONS WESLEY C. LASSITER JESSICA B. MAHONEY GLORIA V. MCCRAY CLINTON E. NEWMAN THEODORE R. PERSON CHRISTOPHER J. RICARD LAWRENCE L. SCHUMAN, JR. JASON P. SHAW TOOCHIKWU O. UDEINYA KENNETH R. VANHOOK, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
ARTHUR D. ANDERSON III JILLIAN E. BAHLMAN MICHAEL A. BINGHAM SHANNON R. BUCKLEY BRIAN T. CURRAN NICHOLAS A. DADDS JUDE C. EZEDIKE JOSE M. FERNANDEZ DAVID L. FERRIS KARL R. HENKE THEMBA D. HINKE RACHEL S. JELSMA PUYAN A. KHESHTI MICHELLE M. KINGSLAND BRAD W. KINNAMON JOSEPH W. LEAVITT PATRICK A. LIVESAY ARTHIEMARR M. MANGOSING ASHLEY R. MAXSON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.014 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6417 October 16, 2017 
JASON Q. MCCLINTIC TANYA W. MCKNIGHT MICHAEL S. MERZ KYLE M. MILLER JUSTIN R. PARKER NICOLE R. RAMOS STEAMBOAT B. ROCK ROBERT L. ROSS JACOB E. RUSSELL TARA J. SALADIN BRIAN M. SCHAUS OLUYEMISI H. SERIKI WILLIAM D. SWAN EMILY C. WARD JOHN E. WEAVER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JOSHUA D. ALBRIGHT KEVIN D. ARMENDARIZ THOMAS A. BAILLIE MANUEL BENITEZ MARK S. COLLINS BEVERLY A. S. CRAWFORD JONATHAN A. CULBERT LEONARD A. DEPRISCO LAUREN E. FLEMING LACY A. FORD JAMIE A. FUJIMOTO TIMOTHY D. GALLEGOS JASON N. GERONTES BRANDON J. GILSTRAP BENJAMIN T. HARPER TRAVIS D. HOWARD SENECA R. JOHNS CARL M. JOHNSON JASON G. JOO HYUN S. KIM JACOB E. KUEHL RALPH L. LAFFEY SEAN M. LARUE REX G. LLOREN JEFFRY P. MACY II NICHELE R. MAGEE RICHARD L. MARKRAY JAMES A. MCDOWELL TYRELL L. MITCHELL DERRICK V. MOORE KEVIN C. MOTT RICHARD M. PINTO JESUS RINCON, JR. CHRISTOPHER P. ROGERS JASON W. SABATER ANTHONY M. SANTOS, JR. PHILIP R. SAULNIER NOADIAH K. SIKINGER LISA L. SNOH THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JOE F. MORALEZ II THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JESSICA B. ANDERSON ELIZABETH J. DOUGHERTY JASON S. FISCHER DAVID M. GARDNER TIMOTHY P. GORMAN MICHAEL A. HATFIELD JOSEPH W. HONTZ MIRANDA V. WILLIAMS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
MARCO A. ACOSTA BRIAN E. ACTON THOMAS M. ADAMS WILLIAM M. ADAMS RYAN M. AGTE JHON ALCIDE DENIS P. ALFORD BRIAN M. ALLEN GARRETT N. ALLEN SEAN O. ALLEN STANLEY E. ALLEN, JR. BENJAMIN C. ALMOND FRANCISCO A. ALONSO WHITNEY M. ALVARADO LUIS B. ALVAREZ MONICA N. AMAGNA MICHAEL W. AMECHE DEREK J. ANASTASIADES JEREMIAH K. ANDERSON DOUGLAS R. ANDRADE CHRISTOPHER N. ANDREWS DAVID M. ANDREWS MAXIMO A. ANGELES BRADEN W. APPERSON RYAN P. APPLEMAN PAUL A. ARCHER GUILLERMO M. ARGUELLO GERALD E. ARMSTRONG BRAMWELL B. ARNOLD III DANIEL R. ARSENAULT JOSE A. AYALA CHRISTOPHER M. BABCOCK JONATHAN S. BACH MICHAEL R. BAKER DUSTIN I. BALDWIN JAMES S. BALL BRETT M. BALLARD PATRICK N. BANTA, JR. ANDRE L. BARBER CARL W. BARLOW III TODD M. BARRIGER TAYLOR C. BARROW JON B. BAUMAN, JR. JEREMIAH B. BAUTISTA CARLTON T. BAYES MARK A. BEALE TRAVIS F. BEAN VANCE R. BEATTY MATTHEW E. T. BECK JACOB T. BECKELHYMER WILLIAM E. BECKER III STEVEN C. BEDNASH SHANE R. BEENER RONALD G. BELANY, JR. JOSHUA M. BERGEN SARAH J. BERGMAN SEAN K. BERGSTROM ROBERT H. BERKSTRESSER ERIKA BETANCOURT WILLIAM G. BICKEL MATHEW J. BIRD BRIAN T. BITTNER JAMES J. BLACK CHARLES R. BLACKWELL SAMUEL H. BLAIR RYAN D. BLANKENSHIP PETER R. BLEDAY GREGORY S. BLOK WILLIAM R. BOGDANOWICZ ERIC W. BOKHOVEN CHRISTOPHER J. BONGARD TIMOTHY D. BONHAM CLARENCE R. BOSWELL PATRICK J. BOUCHOUX PATRICK R. BOURQUE WILLIAM A. BOWEN III ADAM M. BOYD JON N. BOYER MICHAEL D. BOYLE TAYLOR B. BRASHEAR CHRISTOPHER J. BRASS SCOTT A. BRAZELTON PAUL D. BRAZIER PAUL A. BRIDGERS JAMES E. BRIGDEN PATRICK W. BRINKMAN JAMES B. BRODTMANN JOSHUA K. BROWN THOMAS N. BROWN ANDREW D. BROYLES DERRICK R. BRUCE LOWELL E. BRUHN SAMUEL BRYANT JEFFREY S. BUCK FREDERICK T. BUCKLEY JEFFREY C. BUENAVENTURA DANIEL E. BURKE, JR. DAVID M. BURKETT JEFFREY L. BURKHOLDER WILLIAM R. BURKLAND JAMISON K. BURKS MATTHEW A. BURMESTER JOHN A. BURNS JASON M. BURROUGHS ALEXANDER T. BUSCHOR JOHNATHON S. BUSS AARON B. BUTLER BRETT A. BUTTERFIELD MATTHEW D. BYINGTON DANIEL K. BYRNE NATHANIEL C. CALCAMUGGIO JAMES P. CALLAHAN WILSON M. CALLES DAVID M. CAMP ALEXANDER J. F. CAMPBELL SYLVESTER CAMPOS III JOHN T. CANNY II MATTHEW J. CAPALDO JEREMY M. CAPPALO ASHLEY H. CARLINE CAMERON A. CARLSON JARED L. CARLSON JASON A. CARRIER WILLIAM M. CARSON GREGORY W. CARTER MICHAEL W. CARTER JOHNATHON A. CASEY ANDREW W. CASSITY SEAN C. CASTLE TOMAS G. CAVERO PATRICK M. CERONE THOMAS P. CHAMBERAS II IAN CHAMBERLIN NICHOLAS A. CHAMBERS PIA M. CHAPMAN MIGUEL D. CHARLES NICHOLAS S. CHARNAS JEN C. CHEN MATTHEW R. CHESNEY ANDREW J. CHESS JONMICHAEL CHOMBEAU SARAH R. CHOMBEAU WILLIAM T. CICCHILLO, JR. JOEL M. CINCOTTA STEPHEN L. CLAGETT JACOB Z. CLARK ROBERT D. CLARKSON COLIN M. CLEARY NICHOLAS J. CLENDENNING MILTON D. COCHRAN ANDREW C. COE TIMOTHY J. COENNEN JUSTIN A. COHEE JAMES C. COLEMAN JOHN W. COLEMAN III KEENAN L. COLEMAN DEIRDRE E. COLLINS JOSE L. COLON JOHN A. COLVIN PAUL J. COLWELL LETA M. COMER ANDREW W. CONNER ARLEN M. CONNOLLY CHRISTOPHER J. CONWAY DAVID A. COOK EVAN J. COOK LEE E. COOK RUSSELL J. COOK JEFFREY A. CORNIELLE BRADLEY G. CORREA KYLE A. CORRY DAVID S. CRAIG DUSTIN K. CRAWFORD CHARLES J. CRAWLEY III JAMES B. CREMEAN JOSEPH A. CRESTO ARLENE V. CREWS RYAN D. CULBERTSON DEWARD L. CUMMINGS RODRIGO L. CUNHA CAITLIN E. CUNNINGHAM RYAN P. CUNZ CHRISTOPHER H. CURD EDWARD P. CURLEY SCOTT M. CURTIN JOHN D. DAMON PETER G. DANIELS PAUL M. DANOS RICHARD J. DAPRATO PAUL J. DAUFFENBACH JAMES D. DAVEY NATHAN C. DAVEY TYLER M. DAVIES BRIAN J. DAVIS DANIEL E. DAVIS GRAIG C. DAVIS DANIEL R. DECKER MALLORY W. DECKER STEPHEN J. DEFAZIO RICHARD R. DELK ROBERT J. H. DENNIS ERIK A. DENTE RENATO A. DEPAOLIS ALBAN DERVISHI NATHAN H. DESSO TIMOTHY J. DEVALL RYAN E. DIBELLO TIMOTHY J. DIDJURGIS ANDREW J. DIERKS ANDREW J. DIETZEL ERIK S. DILL CALVIN W. DILLARD CHASE H. DILLARD GERARD T. DIMONE II AMANDA R. DIRICKSON ROGER A. DMOCHOWSKI IVAN G. DOBREV CHRISTOPHER R. DOLAN FRANCIS K. DORE RYAN T. DOYLE MARTA D. DREW RICHARD T. DUGAN GABRIEL P. DURAN KYLE E. DURRANT RYAN J. EASTON NICHOLAS K. EDMISTON ASHLEY E. ELLISON SCOTT G. ELWELL BENJAMIN A. ELZNER STEPHEN M. EMERSON NICOLEMARIE K. A. ENGLAND TIMOTHY D. ERICKSON WILLIAM C. ERVIN RICHARD W. ESCAMILLA, JR. DAVID J. ESHELMAN LUIS E. ESTRADA ROBERT D. ESTRELLA GREGORY D. EWING ERIC T. FAIRCLOTH ADAM M. FAIRES MATTHEW E. FAULKENBERRY WILLIAM M. FAVIA BRADLEY P. FEIGE JOSHUA D. FEINBERG SHANNON C. FEITZ SCOTT N. FELTER NATHANIEL C. FETTING JAMESON J. FINCHER JASON A. FITE PATRICK J. FLEENOR, JR. ELY J. FLETCHER ANDREW C. FLORO DANIEL E. FOOSE PETER C. FORBES TRAVER J. FORDHAM ALLAN J. FORTIER CHRISTOPHER N. FOSS MATTHEW S. FOSTER BRIGITTE M. FOX SASHA R. FRANKHOUSER JOHN N. FRANKLIN, JR. STEVEN FRESSE THOMAS J. FREY TY T. FRITZ KYLE J. FULLERTON 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.016 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6418 October 16, 2017 
LAUREN M. FUSELIER PATRICK F. GAHAN JUSTIN A. GALLREIN CHRISTOPHER T. GANS LESLIE A. GARCIA MICHAEL G. GARCIA OMAR A. GARCIA MATTHEW R. GARCIABRAGIEL ERIK D. GARDNER DREW D. GASTON CHRISTOPHER A. GAVIERES EMILY E. GEDDES JASON R. GEDDES JACOB M. GERLACH MELVIN L. GIDDIN WILLIAM W. GIFFORD DANIEL J. GIFT IAN E. GILL JOSEPH T. GILLIGAN RHETT N. GILMAN NATHAN A. GINGERY LAUREN A. GIRARD JOSHUA A. GLASS SEAN F. GLASS MARK A. GLASSER MICHAEL R. GLAVAN BRIAN P. GLEASON MICHAEL E. GLYNN RYAN M. GODSHALK JOHN T. GOFF WILLIAM J. GOLDEN ANTHONY J. GOLEMI ERIC W. GORDEN ROBERT A. GORDON CARL M. GOVERNALE STEPHEN N. GRABER TOMAS A. GRADO KEITH R. GRAEBNER MARTELLEY S. GRAHAM BRENDAN E. GREELEY NATHAN F. GREEN CARLEIGH R. GREGORY TYLER L. GRELL EDWARD J. GREWAY, JR. GARY W. GRIMES II LUKE D. GRISWOLD CORY D. GRIZZLE JEFFREY H. GRUETZMACHER RYAN M. GRUNDT ANTHONY M. GRUSICH MATTHEW J. GUIDO KEVIN X. GULDNER DALAN M. HAAS ALLAN C. HALE CHARLES R. HALL KYLE D. HANFORD SEAN W. HANLEY BRIAN M. HANSON DAVID M. HANSON ALYSHA D. HARAN WILLIAM G. HARDIN, JR. ROBERT A. HARRELL ANTHONY M. HARRIS BENJAMIN T. HARRIS BETHANY A. HARRISON ROGER A. HART JOHN J. HARTSOG ROBERT H. HARTZELL III WILLIAM B. HARVEY IV CODY C. HASTINGS EZRA T. HATCH KYLE T. HAUBOLD KRISTOFER D. HAWBAKER EMILE H. HAWKINS, JR. DANIEL R. HAWTHORNE JOHN T. HAYASHI JOHN J. HAYES III MICHAEL S. HAZLEBECK DONALD R. HEAD MATTHEW J. HEASTER MATTHEW L. HEAVRIN COLLIN R. HEDGES MATTHEW G. HEIDT ANDER S. HEILES CHRISTOPHER C. HELLER BRANDON B. HEMPLER KEVIN F. HENDERSON RANDALL E. I. HENDRICKS DUSTIN G. HENZE TIMOTHY G. HERMAN RONALD A. HERRERA CONNOR M. HERRON JENNIFER L. HESLING JOHN D. HESLING RICHARD W. HESS ANDREW C. HILL JASON E. HIPP CHRISTOPHER M. HIRONAGA KATHERINE V. HIRSCH BRIAN D. HOCK DANIEL C. HODGES ANDREW J. HOFFMAN COE R. HOFFMAN MICHAEL T. HOFHEINS JAKE W. HOLLAND MICHAEL J. HOLLAND ERIC P. HOLLER NICHOLAS L. HOLMAN ANDERS C. HOLMSTROM DANIEL J. HOOGE DANIEL J. HORGAN KEVIN P. HOWARD NIKOLAI J. HOWE MASON J. HOYT JOSHUA D. HRICIK DONIVAN W. HUDGINS KRISTOFER C. HUFF STEPHEN P. HUFFMAN CLAYTON E. HUNT STEVEN HYDE CARLOS M. IGUINA JOHN D. INMAN KEVIN M. ISAAK CHRISTOPHER R. JACK ADAM H. JACKSON BRETT D. JAKOVICH RACHEL R. JARVIS RYAN P. JAUREGUI JUSTIN L. JAYNES AARON JEFFERSON III CHRISTOPHER R. JENKINS CHRISTOPHER A. JESSEL DEVAN W. JEWELL CHARLES E. JOHNSON CRAIG D. JOHNSON DEREK M. JOHNSON GEOFFREY B. JOHNSON JAMES B. JOHNSON JAY B. JOHNSON KYLE A. JOHNSON COLIN A. JOHNSONGIAMMALVO ADAM M. JONES ANTONIO T. JONES BRIAN J. JONES CHRISTOPHER E. JORDAN JOHN B. JUDY NATHAN R. JUMP KENNETH E. KAPP MATTHEW S. H. KASAOKA JOSHUA W. KASH JESSE R. KASPER JAMES M. KAUFMAN JOHN F. KAVANAGH PETER J. KEANEY SEAN P. KEARNEY JEFFREY W. KEE MATTHEW J. KEELEY ALFRED L. KELLER, JR. KRISTOPHER J. KELLOGG JUSTIN M. KELLY SCOTT M. KENNICOTT ANDREW J. KIEFHABER THOMAS J. KILCLINE III IAN G. KILPATRICK JOHN R. KIMMEL JOSEPH J. KIMOCK, JR. CHRISTOPHER M. KINGERY JEFFREY R. KINGSLAND SHANE D. KITTERMAN SCOTT C. KNUTTON ANTHONY N. KOCHANSKI KEVIN J. KOENIG JAMESROBERT C. KOFFI RICHARD A. KOPP, JR. HUNTER S. KORBELIK ERIK C. KOWALSKI DAMON W. KROES BRENDAN A. KRUSE CHRISTOPHER W. KUHARPITTERS MARK D. KUMMER RICHARD S. KUSS ANDREW D. KWON ZACHARY O. LAMB STACEY R. LANCASTER ERIC L. LARDIZABAL JOHN D. LARNERD III PETER A. LARSEN STEWART P. LATWIN ANDREW J. LAVIN ANTHONY R. LAVOPA JEREMY D. LEAZER JAMES P. LEE NATHAN J. LEE WALTER A. LEE MATTHEW B. LEES DEAN J. LEGIDAKES, JR. SAMUEL G. LEHNER FRANKLIN LEMENE WILLIAM K. LENNON ANDREW M. LEONE ADAM J. LETIZIO KASEY B. LEWIS KRISTOPHER R. LEWIS LINZY LEWIS III NATHAN M. LICHON CHRISTOPHER A. LINDAHL GREGORY D. LINDERMAN MICHAEL J. LINDSEY JOSHUA E. LISTER NICOLE L. LOBECKER DUSTIN A. LOCKERMAN BENJAMIN B. LONG CATHERINE S. LONG WILLIAM P. LOONEY LISA J. LOWERY ROBERT G. LOWERY III TROY E. LOYD JOSHUA LUDWIG DAVID P. LUECK LEVI T. LUNDELL DIRK R. LUNDGREN KEVIN J. LUTZ JOHN P. LYLES REED H. MACKENZIE BENJAMIN S. MACNEIL GREGORY T. MAHER DANIEL M. MAINE MEAGAN B. MAKARENKO NATHAN L. MALNATI JEFFREY K. MANDEL THOMAS C. MANEMEIT MIA E. MARBELLA SETH J. MARCUSA DANIEL L. MARION TIMOTHY D. MARKLEY HUNTER A. MARNER TYLER V. MARSHBURN CHAD T. MARTIN JOHN P. MARTIN SCOTT J. MARTIN FRANCISCO D. MARTINEZ LUIS G. MARTINEZ SERGIO A. MARTINEZ STEPHEN C. MATTINGLY AARON K. MAUK BRIAN D. MAXFIELD JAMES M. MAXWELL ROBERT E. MAYER RYAN W. MCBRIDE VINCENT M. MCCALL RICHARD E. MCCLAINE III MARK L. MCCLURE GAVIN C. MCCORRY RYAN D. MCFEELY THOMAS P. MCGEE, JR. CASEY E. MCHENRY DOUGLAS K. MCKENZIE JAMES T. MCLAUGHLIN MICHAEL J. I. MCLAUGHLIN CONNOR T. MCMURRAY AMANDA K. MCNALLY RONALD A. MCNEAL III RYAN D. MCNULTY FRANK K. MCQUIDDY JAMES L. MCQUINIFF DAVID D. MEADOWS JOHN D. MEDWID BYRON C. MEEK JOSHUA D. MEEK RICHARD F. MEHLMANN JAVIER O. MEJIA MICHAEL A. MELENDEZ DAVID J. MENDONSA IAN B. MENEELEY CARLY G. MEYER DAWN A. MEYER ANDREW B. MILBURN ROBERT E. MILCHESKY ANDREW J. MILLER CHARLES A. MILLER JAMES B. MILLER NICHOLAS G. MILLER RYAN Q. MILLER RYAN W. MILLER THOMAS E. MILLER BENJAMIN J. MILLS COURTNEY N. MILLS MATTHEW K. MILLS STEPHEN J. MINDEK CHRISTOPHER B. MINICK JASON J. MIYOSHI ROBERT J. MOLINARO CHRISTOPHER B. MONTAGUE MARK MONTARULI BRANDON L. MOODY GARRETT M. MOORE GARRETT T. MOORE JUSTIN P. MOORE ANTHONY J. MORANA NICOLAS S. MORENO BRIAN A. MORGAN MATTHEW K. MORGAN MARK A. MORGART COLIN J. MORRISSEY BENNETT C. MORTON JOSHUA A. MOULZOLF KYLE A. MOYER MICHAEL A. MULLEE BENJAMIN M. MULLOY NICHOLAS E. MUNN GAROLD I. MUNSON MICHAEL R. MURKERSON MARK J. MURPHY ANDREW S. MYERS SARA A. NASH GEORGE L. NAUGHTON ANTHONY M. NEBEL ERIK C. NEIDLINGER CHARLES J. NELSON WILLIAM J. NEMECEK CRAIG P. NESGOOD DANIEL G. NESMITH ELIZABETH A. NEWBOLD DAVID P. NICOLAS CLAYTON A. NIEKRAS ERIC R. NIESSNER CHRISTOPHER J. NISCH JACOB A. NORGAARD AMANDA D. NORTON SEAN R. NORTON ROBERT M. NOTARI KENT W. NYGREN KYLE J. OBENOUR MICHELLE E. OBENOUR MATTHEW J. OBERLANDER PRESTON J. OCHOA SHANNON M. OLDHAM MATTHEW S. OLOUGHLIN JOHN D. OLSEN DANIEL T. OLSON TYLER C. OLVEY SCHUYLER P. ONDERDONK DANIEL J. ONEILL JOHN R. ONEILL JUAN OQUENDO III BRADLEY T. OTREMBA JONATHAN S. OVREN CAREY J. OWENS DANIEL W. OWENS JASON T. OWENS DAVID M. PACKNICK 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.017 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6419 October 16, 2017 
DAVID S. PAGAN ERIC C. PAGE MIRCEA C. PAMFIL JASON D. PARADIS JAMES J. PARKER MITCHELL G. PARMENTIER JULIAN P. PASCUZZI JOHN R. PATRICK MATTHEW S. PAUL CHAD G. PEARCE ROBERT W. PEDERSEN JOSHUA A. PEEPLES MATTHEW C. PELONZI NATHAN M. PENKA NICHOLAS J. PERANTEAU MARC A. A. PEREZ LANE S. PERKINS LARRY J. PERSON JAMES P. PETERSEN BENJAMIN M. PETRISIN TREVOR S. PHILLIPSLEVINE ELANA S. PHIPPS MATTHEW W. PILLON JACOB D. PITCHFORD NATHAN S. PITSCH THOMAS J. PLACEK, JR. MCKENZIE S. PLANK ANDREW L. POLLACK TIMOTHY D. PONSHOCK EUGENE B. PONTES MEGHAN E. POOLE DANIEL L. POPE JUSTIN R. PORTER SHAUN A. POSEY CHRISTOPHER T. POST RICHARD J. POUDRIER THOMAS E. POWERS III JOSHUA T. PRESS MATTHEW C. PRICE JOSHUA R. PRITT MISTY R. PROPST BROOK A. PRUDDEN STEPHEN C. PRUGH MICHAEL F. QUAGLINO MATTHEW J. QUINTERO ANDREW T. RADCLIFFE CHRISTOPHER W. RAKOSKI NATHAN A. RAO RAY E. RATLIFF JOSHUA D. RAYMOND PAUL M. REALI TERRA A. REBER MIGUEL E. RECALDE MATHEW B. RECHKEMMER RONNY C. RECTOR JOHN D. REED ERIC T. REGNIER PAUL R. REYES JOSEPH E. RICE WILLIAM A. RICHARDSON BRIAN G. RIGEZ PHILLIP A. RIOS CLAYTON T. RIVES BRETT P. ROBBLEE, JR. DANIEL J. ROBERTSON GORDON L. ROBERTSON JOHN F. ROBIE MARGARET K. ROBIE DEREK S. J. ROCHA DAVID A. RODES BRANDON S. RODGERS CARLOS M. ROE SHAUN P. ROESSNER JASON L. ROGERS MICHAEL S. ROGERS ERIC J. ROHAN BRANDON L. ROHDE TOBIN J. ROLLENHAGEN CHRISTOPHER A. ROMNEK JESSICA N. ROSA JENNA R. ROSE MICHAEL A. ROSE MICHAEL V. ROSELLI KATHRYN E. ROSENBERG DAVID J. ROSENFELDER AMANDA J. ROSS JASON D. ROSS RYAN A. ROSS ELAN J. S. ROTKLEIN DANIEL J. RUSSELL BRIAN J. RUTLEDGE JEFFREY M. RYAN SAMUEL C. RYKACZEWSKI JEFFREY M. SACHINSKI DONALD G. SAFFORD RYAN J. SALCIDO MICHAEL A. SALVEMINI EMILY A. SALVIA COSMAS SAMARITIS JOSE SANCHEZ, JR. BENJAMIN L. SANDERS LINDSEY C. SANTIAGO OMAR C. SANUSI ALEXANDER M. SAYERS VICTOR C. SCHAEFER MICHAEL R. SCHELCHER JONATHAN M. SCHEMEL BRITTANY L. SCHENKEL ADAM C. SCHMIDT CHRISTOPHER L. SCHMITT SHANE M. SCHNETTLER KARL A. SCHROEDER CLINTON T. SCHUHART HUNTER A. SCOTT ANDREW R. SEBASTIANO JOSEPH V. SEIDA THOMAS P. SELAND RYAN S. SELIGMAN MARTIN SETIAWAN CHRISTIAN N. SEYMOUR BLAKE J. SHAFFER MATTHEW D. SHARRA KATHERINE Y. SHEPHERD LESTER L. SHEWMAKE III ADAM M. SHIELDS JARED R. SHULLICK ZACHARY J. SIPES STEPHEN J. SKAHEN, JR. BARRETT R. SLEEPER PETER G. SLYE DAVID M. SMALL AIMEE J. SMITH MICHAEL J. SMITH REBECCA M. SMITH REED R. SMITH, JR. REID A. SMITH RODERICK L. SMITH TIMOTHY S. SMITH ERIC D. SMITLEY KENNETH S. SNELL KAILEY M. SNYDER ARWYN B. SOUTH WILLIAM C. SPEARS ROBERT W. SPENCE MICHAEL D. SPRANGER CHRISTOPHER G. SPRING COURTNEY R. STALTER JOHN W. STAMANT II KEVIN M. STEADELE MICHAEL J. STEARNS JAMES P. STEBBINS ALEXIS F. STEELE JESSE N. STEELE TODD J. STEINBRENNER DAVID M. STEPPE CARL H. STEWART, JR. KATIE A. STEWART PATRICK R. STEWART SIAN E. STIMPERT ERIC A. STINSON JOSHUA J. STOCKDALE MATTHEW G. STOLPINSKI DANIELLE M. STONE PATRICK R. STONE SANJAY S. STONE ANDREW C. STONER BENJAMIN A. STOROZUM PARKER H. STRATTON TYLER H. STRUZINSKI JORDAN J. STUTZMAN TIMOTHY J. SULLIVAN ERIK B. SUNDAY DEREK A. SUTTON JASON T. SUTTON JACQUES A. SUYDERHOUD JEFFREY R. SWAIM TODD R. TALSTEIN ROBERT M. TANKSLEY RACHEL E. TARBOX LEIGH R. TATE HELEN G. TAUTOLO DAVID K. TAWEEL EARVIN M. TAYLOR BRENDAN M. TEAGUE MICHAEL E. TEM ZACHARY B. J. TEMPLIN ANDREW R. TENBUSCH BRADFORD J. TESDALL JUDSON J. C. THOMAS TRAVIS B. THOMAS WILLIAM H. THOMAS ANDREW R. THOMPSON CHRISMAN L. THOMPSON MARK J. THOMPSON PAUL J. TORTORA SEAN M. TOTH SHAWN M. TOTH BRENDAN T. TOWER IAN R. TOWNSEND JOHN M. TOZER JAYSON W. TREMBATH MEREDITH E. TREZISE JERRY B. TUCK ALAN N. TUCKER, JR. REBECCA K. TUCKER ROBERT F. TUMMINELLO DANIEL J. TURNER MATTHEW K. TURNER SARAH J. TURNER ADAM R. TURPIN NICHOLAS A. TUUK SEAN A. VALDEZ CHRISTOPHER B. VANALLEN WILLIAM J. VANDECASTLE II JEFFREY E. VANDENENGEL RYAN D. VANLOO GAVIN T. VEEDER CASEY L. VERONIE JACOB K. VETTER THOMAS C. VIGER NICHOLAS F. VILARDI JOHN W. VINE GERALD E. VINEYARD JUSTIN D. VITALIS TOBLER T. VOGHT CHRISTOPHER J. WADDELL SCOTT C. WAGNER JOSEPH K. WAIDELICH MARK F. WAITE JAMES C. WALK DAMIEN L. WALL JONATHAN P. WANDERSEE MATTHEW D. WARSHAW JUSTIN P. WASKEY NICHOLAS J. WATTSFERNANDEZ JOSEPH R. WAURIO ANDRE A. WEBB JARED S. WEBSTER KRISTOPHER R. WEIBLE AUSTIN G. WEINY JACOB M. WEINZATL BRIAN M. WELCH BENJAMIN P. WHATLEY NATHAN D. WHITE JACOB R. WHITEHILL NATHANIEL R. WHITEMAN MICHAEL L. WIEDERHOLT ANDREW R. WIGGINTON JAMES J. WIGHTMAN DARIN M. WILCKEN ERIC J. WILCKENS TERRENCE D. WILKENING DAVID P. WILLIAMS JASON M. WILLIAMS JODI M. WILLIAMS ROBERT S. WILLIAMS ALYSSA J. WILSON BRIAN D. WILSON WILLIAM C. WILSON ROBERT R. WINFIELD TIMOTHY M. WINTERS KAREN J. WOOD BRETT M. WOODARD JAMES C. WOODSIDE JOHN C. WOODSIDE CAROLYN A. WORK RYAN J. WORRELL CRAIG J. WRIGHT DANIEL C. YATES CHARLES W. YEARGIN FREDRICK R. YONKMAN KRISTOFER L. YOST MICHAEL P. YOST JORDAN D. YOUNG JAMES T. YOUNTS MICHAEL J. ZECCA MATTHEW V. ZELINSKAS ARTHUR L. ZEPF ROBERT F. ZIERDEN DANIEL P. ZIMMER KYLE J. ZINK KEITH E. ZUMAR THE FOLLOWING NAMED INDIVIDUALS FOR APPOINT-MENT TO THE GRADES INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be commander 
WILLIAM J. ROY, JR. 
To be lieutenant commander 
RAQUEL T. BUSER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be lieutenant commander 
GREGORY F. ALLEN MILES G. ALVAREZ LAURA G. ANDERSON LINDSAY K. BARNES KENNETH G. BAUGESS ERIK J. BOOHER RYAN P. BRECKENRIDGE KELLY L. CARMACK SAMUEL K. CHUNG BRANDON F. CLARE PETER J. CRIMMINS, JR. MIGUEL CUEVA, JR. RYAN P. DEGHELDER JOSHUA E. DOMAGALSKI LIAM J. DORNEY AMANDA M. ECKERT PATRICK J. EMERY SCOTT E. FINLEY JOSHUA L. FISHER TIMOTHY S. FOLEY TEBIN H. T. GLEBUS MILTON L. GRAY NICOLE W. HAHN MICHAEL C. HAMMOND COLLEEN P. HANDBURY ERIC R. HAYDEN NATHANIEL J. HAYES ANDREW S. JACKSON MICHAEL S. JENKS JAMIE L. JOHNSON DAVID JUSTAMANTE WILLIAM R. KATZ ERIK S. KNEBEL JASON R. KNUDSON ROBIN S. LAFRANCE BRYAN J. MARTIN REID A. MASON LEAH K. MCDUFFIE RYAN P. MCGEOUGH TRAVIS C. MILLER MEAGHAN K. MURRAY JEREMY J. NERIUS MELISSA L. OCASIO MARY A. OSHLO STEPHEN H. PINERO JOHN C. PRESSLEY, JR. PEYTON T. PRICE NATHAN J. RICHARDSON DYLAN H. RICHMOND JEN G. SCHUMACHER LINDSAY M. SHEPHEARD FRANK T. SISTO, JR. ERIC C. SMITH 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.018 S16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6420 October 16, 2017 
JOHN E. SMITH III GREGORY A. SUDDERTH MATTHEW R. TIMMERMAN HILLARY A. TOKARCZYK ROBERT U. TUOHY IV JENNIFER C. TURNER LESLIE E. WARD PAUL M. WARD JORDAN T. WEINSHANK MARK A. WESS CLINTON M. WOODS IN THE MARINE CORPS  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES MA-RINE CORPS UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
JOHN J. STRAUB 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate October 16, 2017: OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL  
HENRY KERNER, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE SPECIAL COUN-SEL, OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL, FOR THE TERM OF FIVE YEARS. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
CALLISTA L. GINGRICH, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE HOLY SEE. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:14 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A16OC6.019 S16OCPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1379 October 16, 2017 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. STEVE SCALISE 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 16, 2017 Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 551, and YEA on Roll Call No. 552. 
f 
HONORING BLAIRE BARTLETT 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 16, 2017 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and thank my outgoing Deputy Chief of Staff, Blaire Bartlett. Raised in the small town of Westerville, Ohio, Blaire Marie Bartlett grew up with a de-sire for enriching the lives of others. After graduating from Westerville North High School, Blaire enrolled in Spring Hill College on a golf scholarship where she later obtained a B.A. in Hispanic Studies and a B.S. in Inter-national Studies. Subsequently, former Con-gressman Jim Walsh hired Blaire as his Exec-utive Assistant. After working in various of-fices, both on- and off-Hill, Blaire joined my staff in 2015 within weeks of my swearing-in. I have seen first-hand just how vital an asset Blaire Bartlett is. She is the glue that holds an office together. She brings strength, intelligence, poise, and humor to a job in which those qualities are in high demand, but low supply. Her incredible work ethic has made my office function better than a well- oiled machine. Furthermore, Blaire’s selfless passion for animal welfare and human rights is refreshing to see in a town where many think only of themselves. Mr. Speaker, after spending almost 12 years working in Congress, Blaire is ready for a new chapter in her life. I will miss having her and her dog, Monkey, in my office each day. Nonetheless, I am profoundly grateful for ev-erything she has done for me, my staff, and the citizens of New York’s 11th Congressional District. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STAFF SERGEANT RICHARD B. HUNTER ON RECEIV-ING THE AIR FORCE CROSS 
HON. MATT GAETZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 16, 2017 Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to pay tribute to Staff Sergeant Richard B. Hunter upon being awarded the Air Force Cross, the second highest military decoration that may be awarded to a member of the United States Air Force. While deployed as a combat controller in November 2016, Staff Sergeant Hunter hero-ically and without regard for his personal safe-ty, maximized effects on the battlefield by inte-grating air assets, employing precision fires, and protecting the wounded with his own body, saving the lives of his teammates. As friendly forces entered the village, they were ambushed by heavy machine gun fire from insurgents. Staff Sergeant Hunter imme-diately identified the enemy locations and di-rected multiple ‘‘danger-close’’ strikes so close the team was blasted by dirt. While under enemy fire, Staff Sergeant Hun-ter shielded the wounded with his body and provided suppressing fire with his rifle. Simul-taneously, he coordinated close air support missions, deconflicted airspace, and maxi-mized fire support from the overhead gunships. While attempting to maneuver out of the kill zone, Staff Sergeant Hunter continued to ac-curately direct ‘‘danger-close’’ engagements on the massing enemy forces. Due to the smoke being so thick the team couldn’t see, Sergeant Hunter used the overhead aircraft to direct them through the village. At great risk to his life, Staff Sergeant Hun-ter acted to protect and recover his wounded teammates. While under heavy fire, he was able to direct air strikes via a radio in one hand, and use the other to drag the wounded to safety. Staff Sergeant Hunter controlled 31 ‘‘dan-ger-close’’ missions resulting in an estimated 27 enemies eliminated and 3 vehicles de-stroyed, with the closest precision strike 9 feet away. The courage shown by this dedicated Spe-cial Tactics Combat Controller is a true testa-ment of his character. Staff Sergeant Hunter has displayed selfless commitment to service and sacrifice. The exceptional skill that Staff Sergeant Hunter demonstrated resulted in 57 total lives saved. Through his extraordinary heroism, su-perb airmanship, and aggressiveness in the face of the enemy, Staff Sergeant Hunter re-flected the highest credit upon himself and the United States Air Force. The entire Northwest Florida community is immensely proud of our District’s tradition of military service and support for all those who bravely serve our Nation. On behalf of the United States Congress, it is a true honor to recognize Staff Sergeant Richard B. Hunter upon this most notable dis-tinction. He is truly a remarkable man, and I thank him for his selfless service to his country. f 
KEITH SWERDFEGER TRIBUTE 
HON. SCOTT R. TIPTON 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 16, 2017 Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Keith Swerdfeger of Pueblo, Colo-rado, who has been honored with the Lifetime Business Achievement Award from the Colo-rado State University—Pueblo. Keith Swerdfeger was born and raised in Pueblo, Colorado, and has had a lifelong pas-sion to start a business and make a contribu-tion to his hometown. In 1968, Keith realized his dream of becoming a business owner, opening Swerdfeger Construction, Inc. with his wife Sharon. This was the beginning of a very successful business venture. Today, Swerdfeger Construction, Inc. is a vital part of Pueblo’s economy as well as in southern Col-orado and six other states, employing up to 500 people. Keith readily gives all of the credit to his employees for his company’s success, while continuing to strive to create more jobs and opportunities. Keith is passionate about investing in the Pueblo community and firmly believes that part of his company’s success has come as the result of the work he, his family and em-ployees have done to give back. Keith has been very active with the Pueblo Economic Development Corporation, Pueblo County United Way, the Colorado Contractors, the Distribution Contractor Association, the Great-er Pueblo Chamber of Commerce and other civic and industry associations. Keith rep-resented Colorado House of Representatives District 47 from 2011 to 2013 where he served on the Economic and Business Development Committee, the Finance Committee and the Local Government Committee. He was a strong advocate for his District and the com-munity of Pueblo and worked diligently to bring jobs and economic opportunities to the people of southern Colorado. Mr. Speaker, Keith Swerdfeger has been a long-time business leader and tireless civic volunteer for his hometown of Pueblo, Colo-rado. I’m fortunate to consider him a dear friend. When we tell younger generations of Puebloans that the keys to a successful life are dedication and a strong work ethic, we can point to Keith as an example. Pueblo is grateful to have Keith Swerdfeger as one of its sons. f 
HONORING THE SHAVERTOWN VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPARTMENT MEDAL OF VALOR RECIPIENTS 
HON. LOU BARLETTA 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 16, 2017 Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I honor the first responders of the Shavertown Volunteer Fire Department, who are being presented with Medals of Valor for their selfless acts to rescue Iilou Warmouth earlier this year during a terrible house fire. On the night of July 4, 2017, the Shavertown Volunteer Fire Department re-ceived reports of a massive fire consuming two homes in the nearby Dallas Borough. After arriving at the scene, the firefighters dis-covered that Mrs. Warmouth was trapped in one of the burning buildings. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16OC8.001 E16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1380 October 16, 2017 
Firefighter Keith Rinehimer found Mrs. Warmouth, selflessly running into the flames to save her. During the rescue, his face mask malfunctioned, forcing him to inhale smoke, but he continued to push on. As he helped carry Mrs. Warmouth through the fire, he was forced to remove his gloves to help carry her, receiving severe burns on both hands. Firefighter Ted Sherrill helped Keith Rinehimer move Mrs. Warmouth from the bed-room, through smoke and flames, to the kitch-en where they were met by Assistant Chief Erik Sowga, Captain David Rinehimer, and firefighter John Berti. Together, they decided to exit the building through the front door, in order to get Mrs. Warmouth life-saving med-ical attention as quickly as possible, despite the fact that it was consumed by fire with tem-peratures reaching 800 degrees. Mrs. Warmouth was taken to the Geisinger Trauma Center immediately for treatment, while Keith Rinehimer was treated for burns on both hands, as well as smoke inhalation, and all other first responders on scene were treated for heat exhaustion. Thankfully, Mrs. Warmouth has made a full recovery and all members of the Shavertown Volunteer Fire Department have already returned to serving their communities. Assistant Chief Erik Sowga, Captain David Rinehimer, and firefighters Keith Rinehimer, Ted Sherrill, and John Berti all went above and beyond the call of duty that Independence Day. Their selfless and courageous acts saved the life of Mrs. Warmouth, and for that they are more than deserving of the Medals of Valor they are being presented with. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring these true American heroes of the Shavertown Volunteer Fire Department. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF ST. PETER’S BOYS HIGH SCHOOL 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 16, 2017 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize St. Peter’s Boys High School on the 100th anniversary of its founding. While founded in 1917, St. Peter’s Boys High School can trace its roots back to 1839 when the parish was originally dedicated. Op-erated by the Christian Brothers of St. John Baptist de La Salle, St. Peter’s has a proud history of providing boys in the community with a quality education. After the Christian Brothers were temporarily recalled due to the First World War, local clergy ran the school until 1930. In 1943, St. Peter’s officially moved to its location on Clinton Avenue where it has been educating Staten Island’s youth ever since. St. Peter’s Boys High School is an unwaver-ing commitment to turning students into intel-ligent, mature young men. Moreover, under the guidance of John Fodera for the past 50 years, St. Peter’s has had an outstanding im-pact in the Staten Island community. The school’s dedication to instilling proper morals, ethics, and civic responsibilities is nothing short of commendable. Furthermore, St. Peter’s top priority to helping every student achieve his fullest potential proves what a blessing the school has been to Staten Island. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate St. Peter’s Boys High School on its 100th anniver-sary. Its long success in education has bene-fitted not just students, but parents and faculty as well. f 
HONORING RHINE VFW POST NO. 2729 ON ITS 85TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. DANIEL LIPINSKI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 16, 2017 Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Rhine VFW Post No. 2729, which will celebrate 85 years of service to veterans and the community at the end of this month. On October 29, 1932, a group of 21 World War I veterans led by Leo Spychalski, Frank Chalupa, Joseph Sagan, and John Kwasny founded Rhine VFW Post No. 2729. Following World War II the post’s membership grew to over 100 members, which led them to their current home at 5858 West Archer Avenue in Chicago. Over the years, members of the Rhine Post have served the local community with just as much honor and dedication as when they served the nation in the Armed Forces. The Post has long been a cornerstone of the Southwest Side of Chicago. They have orga-nized everything from an annual Memorial Day Parade to distributing American flags to local schools. Additionally, the Post has trained rifle and drill teams, organized visits to veterans in local hospitals, and engaged in area school programs such as the Voice of Democracy Scholarship Program. Members of the Rhine Post continue to take pride in helping those in need through commu-nity service. The Post is an active partner of the VFW National Home for Children which houses the children and spouses of deployed military members at no cost. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the honorable military and com-munity service of the members of Rhine VFW Post No. 2729. Their sacrifices for our com-munity and our nation are a shining example of the American values that we should all em-brace. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MR. PERVIS SPANN 
HON. BOBBY L. RUSH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 16, 2017 Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Mr. Pervis Spann who was inducted into the Chicago Blues Hall of Fame on Sun-day, October 15, 2017. Born in Itta Bena, Mississippi, Mr. Spann spent his teenage years caring for his ailing mother after she suffered a stroke. Eventually, he and his family moved to Battle Creek, Michigan in 1949. His time there was short- lived as he soon left to work in Gary, Indiana, and served his country with by serving in the Korean War, before returning to live in Chi-cago where he worked in a steel mill, drove a taxi, and repaired television sets. Like many young men of the era, Mr. Spann used his G.I. Bill benefits to advance his edu-cation when he attended the Midwestern Broadcasting School, which led to his work on WOPA radio in 1959. Only a year later, he or-ganized his first concert featuring B.B. King and Junior Parker and three years later, when Leonard and Phil Chess launched WVON, Mr. Spann hosted a regular late night blues slot and became known as the ‘‘all-night blues man.’’ His most famous act of the era was when he hosted an 87-hour ‘‘sleepless sit-in’’ to raise money for Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. During the 1960s, Mr. Spann managed the careers of leading artists including B.B. King, Bobby Bland, Junior Parker, Albert King, Little Milton, and, as he recalls, had a role in dis-covering the Jackson 5 and Chaka Khan. In 1975, after WVON was sold and changed frequency, Mr. Spann, in partnership with Vernon Jarrett and Wesley South, bought the license to the original frequency and launched a new station, WXOL, which featured an all- blues format and many of the same voices from the old WVON. Later, in 1983, WXOL was able to reclaim the old call letters and re-sumed operation as WVON. Today, Mr. Spann, with his daughter, Mel-ody Spann Cooper at the helm of WVON (which I must note is located in my district), continues his career promoting the blues as the cohost of the popular cable TV program ‘‘Blues and More.’’ Needless to say, Mr. Pervis Spann has ac-complished much in his lifetime and has helped craft the blues so many of us know and love today. Before I close, Mr. Speaker, I would be re-miss if I didn’t take a moment to note a few of Mr. Spann’s well-known words of wisdom. As he said it, ‘‘If you don’t love the blues, you got a hole in your soul.’’ As a lover of blues, myself, I can confirm the veracity of his words. So, Mr. Speaker, on behalf of all of my con-stituents in the 1st Congressional District of Il-linois, I would like to once again extend my sincerest congratulations. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 16, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, during the week of October 10 to October 13, 2017, I re-mained in my district in California to assist with relief efforts for catastrophic wildfires that displaced hundreds of my constituents. As a result, I was absent for Roll Call votes 558 through 568. Had I been present for Roll Call vote 558, on suspension of the rules and passage of H.R. 1858, I would have voted yes. And had I been present for Roll Call vote 559, on suspension of the rules and passage of H.R. 2464, I would have voted yes. And had I been present for Roll Call vote 560, on ordering the previous question of H. Res. 562, I would have voted no. And had I been present for Roll Call vote 561, on agreeing to H. Res. 562, I would have voted no. And had I been present for Roll Call vote 562, on suspension of the rules and passage of H.R. 452, I would have voted yes. And had I been present for Roll Call vote 563, on suspension of the rules and passage of H.R. 3243, I would have voted yes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16OC8.004 E16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1381 October 16, 2017 
And had I been present for Roll Call vote 564, on instructing conferees on H.R. 2810, I would have voted yes. And had I been present for Roll Call vote 565, on closing portions of the conference on H.R. 2810, I would have voted yes. And had I been present for Roll Call vote 566, on suspension of the rules and agree-ment to H. Res. 569, I would have voted yes. And had I been present for Roll Call vote 567, to recommit with instructions S. 585, I would have voted yes. And had I been present for Roll Call vote 568, on passage of S. 585, I would have voted yes. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 60TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE FOUNDING OF PEACE ACTION 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 16, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Peace Action, the nation’s larg-est grassroots peace network, on its 60th An-niversary. Founded as ‘SANE’ in November 1957 in New York City by Lenore Marshall and Nor-man Cousins and others in response to the nuclear arms race, the organization was re-named Peace Action in 1993. Among the organization’s most notable members and supporters in its long and illus-trious history are former chaplain of Yale Uni-versity and pastor of New York City’s River-side Church, William Sloane Coffin; Marlon Brando, Henry Fonda, Marilyn Monroe, Arthur Miller, Harry Belafonte, Ossie Davis; Martin Buber, Pablo Casals, Bertrand Russell and Al-bert Schweitzer. For 60 years, Peace Action has worked for an environment where all are free from vio-lence, war, and the proliferation of nuclear, bi-ological, chemical, and other weapons of mass destruction. A core principle underlying the work of Peace Action is that longstanding global con-flicts require long-term solutions and that U.S. foreign policy has a lasting effect on the world. That is why Peace Action advocates on be-half of American foreign policy that supports peace, human rights, and democracy and or-ganizes against pre-emptive wars and belli-cose militarism. Every day Peace Action chapters and affili-ates in states across the country are working every day to promote a new U.S. foreign pol-icy is based on peaceful cooperation, diplo-matic engagement, and collective action to confront the greatest common threats to hu-mankind—war, famine, disease. Peace Action understands that war cannot be the appropriate response to every inter-national or domestic conflict is not a suitable response to conflict and is committed to work-ing toward the day that every person on earth can live in a world without war or threat of nu-clear annihilation. That is what Peace Action and its legions of peace warriors have done for the past 60 years and it is the work they are committed to today and will be committed to until the job is done. Happy birthday Peace Action, and I thank them for their tireless and unceasing efforts in pursuit of a more peaceful world. HONORING THE 150TH ANNIVER-SARY OF COLOSSIAN BAPTIST CHURCH HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 16, 2017 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 150th anniversary of Colos-sian Baptist Church in Newport News, Virginia. Colossian Baptist Church was established in 1867 on Mulberry Island, Virginia. Reverend Henry Harris and Reverend Walter Williams worked together to organize the church along with other members of the First Baptist Church in Hampton and locals from the Island. The group began to meet together with the hope that they could build a congregation born out of community and anchored in faith. These early services were held in a barn on Mulberry Island’s Follies Farm, led by Reverend Wil-liams. Reverend Williams served as the church’s pastor for its first five years. Following his service, he was succeeded by Reverend Thomas Poole in 1872 and Reverend Thomas Wright in 1887. The congregation of Colossian Baptist Church continued worship in the Follies Farm Barn until it burned down in a fire. Reverend Aaron Wyatt, elected as pastor in 1894, oversaw the church’s transition into their new building. The church was then rebuilt in 1915 fol-lowing a devastating windstorm, but the con-gregation soon needed to move again. In re-sponse to the outbreak of World War I, the United States Army bought and repurposed the Colossian Baptist Church property. That area is currently the United States Army Transportation Center at Fort Eustis, Virginia. Following their displacement, the church moved to Newport News, and has remained there ever since. Reverend Irvin D. Melvin was named the first full-time pastor of Colossian Baptist Church in 1989, and the church has only grown stronger since that time through the ex-pansion of their music, fellowship, and youth programs. Reverend Peter A. Evans became the church’s third full-time pastor in 1999. Under his leadership, the church broke ground on a new edifice in 2005, and construction was successfully completed in 2006. Over the years, Colossian Baptist Church has continued to grow as it expands its out-reach to the community. The church works with Greenwood Elementary School in a part-nership dedicated to mentoring young men. Since 2014, the church has overseen the ‘‘Christmas House’’ program during December, which serves the local community by providing an avenue for the needy to access clothing, food, and more free of charge. Over the last 150 years, Colossian Baptist Church has been served by many dedicated men of faith—Rev. Henry Harris, Rev. Walter Williams, Rev. Thomas Poole, Rev. Thomas Wright, Rev. Aaron Wyatt, Rev. Frank Ashby, Rev. David D. Harris, Rev. Thomas Ash, Rev. Andrew D. Holmes, Rev. Frank Rylander, Rev. William Cheeseman, Rev. Elick Edlow, Rev. James M. Lee, Rev. Irvin D. Melvin, Rev. Ste-ven W. Banks, Rev. Lloyd Williams, Sr., and Rev. Peter A. Evans. Mr. Speaker, as Colossian Baptist Church of Newport News, Virginia celebrates this historic milestone, its congregation can rejoice in 150 years of successful discipleship and service to the Hampton Roads community. I would like to congratulate Reverend Peter A. Evans and all of the members of the church’s congregation. I hope that their next 150 years proves to be as rewarding and fruitful as the first. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE ANNUAL SUR-RENDER DAY IN SCHUYLERVILLE 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 16, 2017 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Annual Surrender Day in Schuylerville, New York, a day that com-memorates the surrender of British General John Burgoyne to the colonial army following the Battle of Saratoga. The Battle at Saratoga, fought in October 1777, marked a crucial win for the Americans that is considered the turning point leading to victory in the Revolutionary War. After a failed campaign through the Adirondack region of New York, General Burgoyne found his army surrounded by American forces and retreated to Saratoga where he surrendered his entire army to American General Horatio Gates. The surrender at Saratoga not only bolstered American morale in the north, but also served as a deciding factor in bringing active French support to the American cause. The residents of the Saratoga region cele-brate this historic day with a reenactment of the famous battle, music from local students and musicians, and other Revolutionary War related festivities. We are proud that the 21st District of New York can commemorate this important event in American history. 
f 
HONORING 125TH ANNIVERSARY OF ST. ELIZABETH OF HUNGARY CATHOLIC CHURCH 
HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 16, 2017 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, as co-chair of the Congressional Hungarian Caucus, I rise today with great pleasure and enthusiasm to congratulate St. Elizabeth of Hungary Catholic Church in Cleveland on their 125th anniver-sary. St. Elizabeth is North America’s oldest Hungarian Church. The history of this notable congregation be-gins in 1892, where a small wood-framed church on the corner of Buckeye Road and East 90th Street in Cleveland held mass for the faithful. On June 4, 1893, the cornerstone of the first St. Elizabeth’s Catholic Church was laid, pro-viding seating for up to 800 Hungarian immi-grants at a single mass. Ten years later, the church was too small to accommodate the thousands of Roman Catholic Hungarian immi-grants who settled in this area. In 1907, the Pastor of the church began to petition the Bishop of Cleveland for permission to raise 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:21 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16OC8.005 E16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1382 October 16, 2017 
money to build a new church which could ac-commodate more parishioners. Construction of the new church begun in 1918 and was com-pleted in 1922. In addition to the completion of the church structure that still stands today, the community built a parish hall that became a community center for the neighborhood’s Hungarians, a true social and religious meeting center of ‘‘Lit-tle Hungary’’ on Buckeye Road. St. Elizabeth’s was designed by Cleveland architect Emile Uhlrich and is an example of Italian-influenced Baroque Revival architec-ture. It was partly modelled after the church of Sant’ Agnese in Agone in Rome. St. Elizabeth’s Church was listed on the Na-tional Register of Historic Places, qualifying both because of its place in Cleveland’s his-tory and because of its historically significant architecture. The congregation of St. Elizabeth’s weath-ered many changes throughout the decades, but remained true to its mission and to its dedication to Hungarian heritage. St. Elizabeth’s Church is a magnificent ex-ample of all that a spiritual home should be for the past 125 years. Our hope is that St. Eliza-beth of Hungary Catholic Church’s congrega-tion continues to grow and prosper through the years. Gratulalok. 
f 
HONORING STAN BETZ 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, October 16, 2017 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor one of my constituents, Mr. Stan Betz, for his immense dedication serving the com-munity of Santa Ana. Mr. Betz, who passed away on September 28, 2017 and whose life we will always re-member was a well-known custom car builder and an Anaheim High School Hall of Famer who recently celebrated his 90th birthday. Mr. Betz grew up on an orange ranch on Lemon Street in Anaheim and was a member of the Anaheim High School Class of 1946. From an early age, Mr. Betz became interested in cars and they remained his passion throughout his entire life. His uncle, Dick Kraft, one of the original Hot Rodders who came up with many innovations during his career, was a great source of inspiration and encouragement for Mr. Betz. And his legendary skills as a master car builder and painter made him famous in the automotive world. Moreover, Mr. Betz’s shop was a popular local meeting spot for all car enthusiasts and aficionados in the 1950’s. His commitment and passion with automobiles and his work in the industry creating masterpieces continued throughout the decades. When business slowed down, Mr. Betz added paint products to his establishment, and his shop soon gained the reputation for being the best place to find a precise paint color. Mr. Betz fully embodied the value of com-munity service in all aspects of his life. He was not only a pioneer in the automotive in-dustry but also a skilled businessman. As an avid community advocate, he made valuable contributions to the local community, such as stopping by Anaheim High School to interact with students. Mr. Betz combined his passion for cars with his passion to uplift the commu-nity, and kept them both firmly rooted as a part of his life. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Betz is an example of the value found in community engagement. I am honored to recognize Mr. Betz for doing his part in bridging the gap, and thank him for the positive impact he has made on the Santa Ana and Orange County community. f 
ADDITIONAL SUPPLEMENTAL AP-PROPRIATIONS FOR DISASTER RELIEF REQUIREMENTS ACT, 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, October 12, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2266, which provides $36.5 billion in aid to respond to the damage caused by Hurricanes Irma and Maria, and the wildfires currently raging in California. Specifically, the aid package before us pro-vides an additional $18.7 billion in supple-mental appropriations for the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency’s (FEMA) Disaster Relief Fund (DRF) under the continuing reso-lution (CR) that runs through Dec. 8 (P.L. 115–56). Of this amount, as much as $4.9 billion could be transferred to FEMA’s Community Di-rect Loan (CDL) program to help local govern-ments and U.S. territories provide essential services. The legislation before also provides an addi-tional $16 billion in borrowing authority to the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP), which reached its borrowing limit after Hurri-canes Harvey and Irma. To alleviate the damage and suffering caused by the wildfires in California, the legis-lation provides $576.5 million for federal wild-fire suppression programs. There are particular concerns for our sen-iors who survived the terrible storms that rav-aged the Texas Coast, Florida, U.S. Virgin Is-lands and Puerto Rico because so many of them are alone, while trying to the do difficult and hard job of cleaning out their homes, or removing debris from their yards. Mr. Speaker, the work is not done in my State of Texas. There are thousands of fami-lies who have no home to return to following the historic flood. We have low-income communities that are struggling to find the new normal that FEMA officials warned Texans would need to accept following the historic flood. A substantial portion of Houston’s residents live in multi-family dwellings. The city has lost low-income housing for the elderly and the disabled. The number of persons who remain dis-placed and unable to find permanent housing remains unacceptably high, with many towns and cities left without space at hotels for visi-tors or tourists, which contribute much needed dollars to local economies. As we rebuild the city must have sufficient numbers of low-income, affordable, and ac-cessible housing within the city limits so that lives, families and communities can be re-stored. The economics of a city requires that we make room for everyone as Houston recovers. Part of the work of rebuilding is to be sure that post-Hurricane Harvey rebuilding and re-covery leads to a better quality of life for all of the people of Houston. If we have the right balance of low income, and affordable housing in the mix as we plan the rebuild the recovery efforts will be a great success. We need a commitment that Community Development Block Grant Program dollars will have a dedicated amount to rebuild, repair, or replace low-income affordable housing. Recovery work in homes damaged by flood water is hard work for young people, but it is almost an impossible task for the elderly and many are at risk of physical injury or falling into poor health due to their age or medical condition. I am particularly concerned about the elderly who survived the Hurricanes in Texas, Florida, U.S. Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico. Our nation’s seniors are proudly inde-pendent, but a hurricane was not part of their retirement plan. Our seniors are trying to remove water- logged furniture, remove sodden carpets, or knock out damaged drywall. They are put at risk of being injured or becoming ill. Our seniors should not have to face the task of recovery alone because they have survived their children or may not live near a relative who can help them. My request to the appropriators is to re-member that disasters do not visit only the young and healthy. The disabled and elderly are victims and their needs during the recovery are very dif-ferent and this should be addressed. We need help our elderly and disabled with getting sufficient resources in place to do this difficult and heavy work of clearing their homes so that they are safe, sanitary and can be occupied. If the homes of seniors are not cleared their lives are put at risk due to mold, which will come because Houston is a subtropical area where dampness will allow spores to grow within homes, which can cause health con-cerns. The Centers for Disease Control and Pre-vention alerted my office that they were con-ducting surveillance in the Houston area for medical conditions that can arise from expo-sure to mold because of reported cases. In future disasters there should be an effort to extend the work of federal relief including seeing to the needs of the elderly to be sure they are living in safe and sanitary conditions. Harvey did not spare Houston’s arts com-munity or public spaces, but caused tremen-dous damage to the: Alley Theater; Worthem Opera; Jones Hall; and Hobby Center. We must include plans to address the root cause of some of the most catastrophic flood-ing, water releases from the Addick and Bark-er Dams. I am committed to the Army Corp of Engi-neers replacement of both of those dams. The Army Corps should take the lead on ensuring that much needed work at the Port of Houston and throughout the impact zone for the flooding is done, after a post Hurricane Harvey assessment is completed to determine the source of the flooding and report on what needs to be done to mitigate the chance of a reoccurrence. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:41 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A16OC8.009 E16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1383 October 16, 2017 
Texas is months away from seeing the worse effects of the flood event. A record 51.88 inches fall in the Houston area during Hurricane Harvey’s torrential rains before the rain gauge broke that was used to measure precipitation, although the storm pun-ished the upper Texas Coast with several more days of rain. According to the National Weather Service this was the largest recorded storm in the con-tinental U.S. history. It is not an exaggeration to say that Hurri-cane Harvey was an historic catastrophic event. Hurricane Harvey dropped 21 trillion gallons of rainfall on Texas and Louisiana, most of it on the Houston Metropolis. This amount of rainfall could fill more than 24 thousand Astrodomes or supply the water for the raging Niagara Falls for 15 days. Hurricane Harvey caused damage to more than 134 thousand homes of which 99 thou-sand are in Harris County. The total number of homes with major dam-age or were destroyed was about 28 thou-sand, of which 16 thousand are in Harris County. And today, nearly four weeks later, thou-sands of Texans are still without permanent and stable housing situations. I thank Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and Rank-ing Member L
OWEY , and Speaker R YAN and Democratic Leader P
ELOSI , for bringing this supplemental funding bill to the floor in a time-ly manner because it lets the people of Flor-ida, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands know that the American people, acting through the Congress, stand in solidarity with them in their moment of heartbreak and anguish. Mr. Speaker, 21 days ago, on September 20, 2017, Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico, along the southeastern coast, near the small town of Yabucoa. The devastation wrought on that beautiful Caribbean oasis and its 3.5 million inhabitants, our fellow citizens of the United States, is un-imaginable, except perhaps to those of us who have lived through and survived similar natural disasters, like Hurricanes Harvey and Katrina. At least 48 people have died as a result of the storm as rescue and recovery operations proceed, and no electricity to combat the sti-fling heat, this number is likely to rise, espe-cially with so many elderly, sick, and very young persons at risk. As we speak, more than half of Puerto Rico’s population (55 percent) is still without potable drinking water and 85 percent of Puer-to Rico’s 1.57 million electricity customers are without power, the majority of which can be expected to remain in this state for as many as 10 months since Hurricane Maria knocked out nearly all of Puerto Rico’s 2,400 miles of transmission lines. Hurricane Maria destroyed 80 percent of Puerto Rico’s agricultural industry, including banana, plantain and coffee crops, which translates into lost income of approximately $780 million. And yesterday, the Governor of Puerto Rico announced that four persons had died from leptospirosis, a disease spread by animals’ urine, which they contracted by drinking from contaminated rivers and streams. On August 30, 2017, Hurricane Irma struck, inflicting horrific damage on the U.S. Virgin Is-lands of St. Thomas, St. Croix, and St. John, the Caribbean nations of Barbuda, St. Maarten, Cuba, and Anguilla, before making landfall in the Florida Keys. In Florida alone, 6.4 million people were told to evacuate to safety, leading to days of jammed highways and frantic searches for gasoline amid one of the nation’s largest ever- emergency evacuations. At least 124 persons are known to have lost their lives in Hurricane Irma and more than 200,000 Floridians took refuge in shelters. Nearly 7.2 million homes and businesses were without power in the southeast part of the United States, 6.5 million of which were in Florida. Mr. Speaker, we do not yet know the full ex-tent of the damage and devastation suffered by our fellows Americans in Florida, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico in the wake of Hurricanes Irma and Maria. But what we do know is that the costs of re-covery and reconstruction will be extensive, best estimates place the cost in the range of $50–$100 billion. That is why I strongly support the legislation pending before us appropriating an additional $18.7 billion for the FEMA-Disaster Relief Fund as the initial response of the Congress to the damage caused by Hurricanes Irma and Maria. But I must emphasize that what we are con-sidering here is the initial response because much more funding will be needed because my state of Texas and Houston, my home city and the nation’s fourth largest city, remains devastated by Hurricane Harvey. I will be working closely with House and committee leadership to secure the substantial funding necessary to meet the needs of my constituents in the area of housing, community development, transportation, infrastructure, and water resource management that must be addressed in the next and subsequent supple-mental appropriations measures to come be-fore the House. These are and remain the highest priorities for my Texas colleagues and me and we will not waver in this pursuit, nor falter or fail in our advocacy. But while that works goes on, we must today rally to the aid of our fellow citizens in Florida, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, and California who are facing and striving to overcome the difficulties visited upon them by Mother Nature. They were, and will be, there when Texas asked for help and are entitled to expect the same treatment in return. It is the right thing—the American thing—to do. I ask all Members to join me in voting to pass this House Amendment to Senate Amendment to H.R. 2266, Additional Supple-mental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Re-quirements Act for Fiscal Year 2017 and to commit to providing our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Florida, and California the help and support they need to restore their communities to their previous greatness. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Oc-tober 17, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
OCTOBER 18 9:30 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary, Cheryl Marie Stanton, of South Carolina, to be Ad-ministrator of the Wage and Hour Divi-sion, and David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Mine Safety and Health, all of the De-partment of Labor, Janet Dhillon, of Pennsylvania, and Daniel M. Gade, of North Dakota, both to be a Member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Carlos G. Muniz, of Flor-ida, to be General Counsel, Department of Education, Peter B. Robb, of Vermont, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board, and Gerald W. Fauth, of Virginia, Kyle Fortson, of the District of Columbia, and Linda A. Puchala, of Maryland, each to be a Member of the National Mediation Board. SD–430 10 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Michael Dourson, of Ohio, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances, and William L. Wehrum, of Delaware, Matthew Z. Leopold, of Flor-ida, and David Ross, of Wisconsin, each to be an Assistant Administrator, all of the Environmental Protection Agency, Paul Trombino III, of Wisconsin, to be Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Trans-portation, and Jeffery Martin Baran, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nu-clear Regulatory Commission. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Jeff Tien Han Pon, of Virginia, to be Director, and Michael Rigas, of Massachusetts, to be Deputy Director, both of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, and Emily Webster Murphy, of Missouri, to be Administrator of Gen-eral Services. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Justice. SH–216 2:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Thomas L. Carter, of South 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A16OC8.012 E16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1384 October 16, 2017 
Carolina, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as Rep-resentative of the United States of America on the Council of the Inter-national Civil Aviation Organization, Jennifer Gillian Newstead, of New York, to be Legal Adviser, and Manisha Singh, of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary (Economic and Business Af-fairs), all of the Department of State. SD–419 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Federal Spending Over-sight and Emergency Management To hold hearings to examine Federal sup-port for research. SD–342 OCTOBER 19 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the roles and responsibilities for defending the Nation from cyber attack; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC– 217, following the open session. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine how healthy choices can improve health outcomes and reduce costs. SD–430 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Stephanos Bibas, of Pennsyl-vania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Allison H. Eid, of Colorado, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, Annemarie Carney Axon, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Michael Lawrence Brown, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina, William M. Ray II, to be United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Georgia, Liles Clifton Burke, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Walter David Counts III, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Michael Joseph Juneau, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina, Karen Gren Scholer, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas, Tilman Eugene Self III, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Georgia, and John C. Demers, of Vir-ginia, to be an Assistant Attorney Gen-eral, Scott C. Blader, to be United States Attorney for the Western Dis-trict of Wisconsin, Mark A. Klaassen, to be United States Attorney for the District of Wyoming, William C. Lamar, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Mis-sissippi, John R. Lausch, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the North-ern District of Illinois, and J. Douglas Overbey, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Tennessee, all of the Department of Justice. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine modernizing the Food for Peace program. SD–419 OCTOBER 25 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To receive a closed briefing on the major threats facing naval forces and the Navy’s current and planned capabili-ties to meet those threats. SVC–217 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 1870, to amend the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 to secure urgent resources vital to In-dian victims of crime, S. 1953, to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Indian Law Enforcement Re-form Act to provide for advancements in public safety services to Indian com-munities, and S. 1942, to direct the At-torney General to review, revise, and develop law enforcement and justice protocols appropriate to address miss-ing and murdered Indians. SD–628 OCTOBER 26 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold hearings to examine advanced cyber technologies that could be used to help protect electric grids and other energy infrastructure from cyber-attacks. SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:50 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M16OC8.000 E16OCPT1
D1088 Monday, October 16, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6383–6420 Measures Introduced: Seven bills and four resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1958–1964, S. Res. 291–292, and S. Con. Res. 25–26. 
                                                                                    Pages S6403–04 
Measures Reported: Reported on Friday, October 13, during the ad-journment: S. Con. Res. 25, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budg-etary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027. Reported on Monday, October 16: S. 21, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint res-olution of approval is enacted into law, with amend-ments. (S. Rept. No. 115–169) S. 886, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish an Acquisition Review Board in the Department of Homeland Security. (S. Rept. No. 115–170) S. 1208, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to provide for an option under the Secure Mail Initiative under which a person to whom a doc-ument is sent under that initiative may elect to have the United States Postal Service use the Hold for Pickup service or the Signature Confirmation service in delivering the document, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–171) S. 1584, to amend the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 to reauthorize the Judicial Conference of the United States to redact sensitive information con-tained in financial disclosure reports of judicial offi-cers and employees. (S. Rept. No. 115–172) S. Res. 211, condemning the violence and perse-cution in Chechnya, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute and with an amended preamble. S. Res. 245, calling on the Government of Iran to release unjustly detained United States citizens and legal permanent resident aliens.
                         Page S6403 Measures Passed: Recognizing the African-American Soldiers of the 333rd Field Artillery Battalion: Committee on Armed Services was discharged from further consid-eration of S. Res. 99, recognizing the 11 African- American soldiers of the 333rd Field Artillery Bat-talion who were massacred in Wereth, Belgium, dur-ing the Battle of the Bulge in December 1944, and the resolution was then agreed to.
                    Page S6409 
Condemning the Attack at a Country Music Festival in Las Vegas, Nevada: Senate agreed to S. Res. 292, condemning the brutal and senseless at-tack at a country music festival in Las Vegas, Ne-vada, honoring the memory of the victims of the deadly shooting, offering condolences to, and ex-pressing support for, the families and friends of the victims and all of the individuals who were affected by the attack, and applauding the dedication and bravery of law enforcement officers, firefighters, para-medics, emergency medical technicians, medical pro-fessionals, hotel security and staff, and community members in responding to the attack.
            Page S6409 
Authorizing the Use of Emancipation Hall: Sen-ate agreed to S. Con. Res. 26, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for the unveiling of the American Prisoners of War/ Missing in Action (POW/MIA) Chair of Honor. 
                                                                                            Page S6049 
Child Protection Improvements Act: Senate passed S. 705, to amend the National Child Protec-tion Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national criminal history background check system and crimi-nal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, after withdrawing the committee amendments, and agreeing to the following amendments proposed thereto:
                                                                    Pages S6409–10 
McConnell (for Hatch) Amendment No. 1112, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S6410 
McConnell (for Hatch) Amendment No. 1113, to amend the title.
                                                          Page S6410 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16OC7.REC D16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1089 October 16, 2017 
Child Protection Improvements Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consid-eration of H.R. 695, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary na-tional criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individ-uals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabil-ities, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                                                    Pages S6410–11 
McConnell (for Hatch) Amendment No. 1114, in the nature of a substitute.
                                     Page S6411 
McConnell (for Hatch) Amendment No. 1115, to amend the title.
                                                          Page S6411 
Appointments: Congressional Award Board: The Chair, on be-half of the Majority Leader, pursuant to Public Law 96–114, as amended, appointed the following indi-vidual to the Congressional Award Board: Laura O’Conner of Utah vice Wiley Dobbs of Idaho. 
                                                                                            Page S6409 
Trachtenberg Nomination—Agreement: Senate began consideration of the nomination of David Joel Trachtenberg, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense.
                         Pages S6390–92 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, October 17, 2017, as provided for under the order of Thursday, October 5, 2017.
                                                       Page S6411 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 70 yeas to 23 nays (Vote No. EX. 217), Callista L. Gingrich, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Holy See.
                                    Pages S6383–90, S6420 
Henry Kerner, of California, to be Special Coun-sel, Office of Special Counsel, for the term of five years.
                                                                 Pages S6392, S6420 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Kirstjen Nielsen, of Virginia, to be Secretary of Homeland Security. Alex A. Beehler, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army. James E. McPherson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army. John C. Rood, of Arizona, to be Under Secretary of Defense for Policy. Barry Lee Myers, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. Hannibal Ware, of the Virgin Islands, to be In-spector General, Small Business Administration. Kathleen Hartnett White, of Texas, to be a Mem-ber of the Council on Environmental Quality. Gail S. Ennis, of Maryland, to be Inspector Gen-eral, Social Security Administration. Stephen Akard, of Indiana, to be Director General of the Foreign Service. Brock D. Bierman, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development. Yleem D. S. Poblete, of Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of State (Verification and Compliance). Preston Rutledge, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Labor. John Edward Dupuy, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Office of Personnel Management. James C. Ho, of Texas, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit. Jon J. Rychalski, of Montana, to be Chief Finan-cial Officer, Department of Veterans Affairs. 5 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 48 Army nominations in the rank of general. 3 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Navy, and Marine Corps.                                                      Pages S6411–20 
Messages from the House:                     Pages S6399–6400 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S6400–01 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S6401 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                    Page S6401 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6401–03 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6404–05 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6405–06 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S6398–99 
Amendments Submitted:                                   Page S6406 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—217)
                                                                Page S6390 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 4 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:44 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Oc-tober 17, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6411.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16OC7.REC D16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1090 October 16, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 7 public bills, H.R. 4070–4076, were introduced.
     Page H8036 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H8037 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 469, to impose certain limitations on con-sent decrees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 115–347); H.R. 1096, to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide for transparency of payments made from the Judgment Fund, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–348); and H.R. 1769, to affirm an agreement between the United States and Westlands Water District dated September 15, 2015, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–349).
                     Page H8036 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Woodall to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H8035 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Monsignor Stephen Rossetti, Catho-lic University of America, Washington, DC. 
                                                                                            Page H8035 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 10:02 a.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1031) 
H.R. 2519, to require the Secretary of the Treas-ury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion. Signed on October 6, 2017. (Public Law 115–65) S. 327, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to cer-tain investment fund research reports. Signed on Oc-tober 6, 2017. (Public Law 115–66) S. 810, to facilitate construction of a bridge on certain property in Christian County, Missouri. Signed on October 6, 2017. (Public Law 115–67) S. 1141, to ensure that the United States pro-motes the meaningful participation of women in me-diation and negotiation processes seeking to prevent, mitigate, or resolve violent conflict. Signed on Octo-ber 6, 2017. (Public Law 115–68) f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER 17, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine consumer data security and the credit bureaus, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine the cost of prescription drugs, focusing on how the drug delivery system affects what patients pay, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Gregory G. Katsas, of Virginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the District of Columbia Circuit, Jeffrey Uhlman Beaverstock, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Emily Coody Marks, and Brett Joseph Talley, both to be a United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, and Holly Lou Teeter, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the District of Kansas, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nomination of Christopher R. Sharpley, of Vir-ginia, to be Inspector General, Central Intelligence Agen-cy, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of October 17 through October 20, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of David Joel Trachtenberg, of Vir-ginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 10:30 a.m. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16OC7.REC D16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1091 October 16, 2017 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Armed Services: October 19, to hold hear-ings to examine the roles and responsibilities for defend-ing the Nation from cyber attack; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217, following the open session, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Octo- ber 17, to hold hearings to examine consumer data secu-rity and the credit bureaus, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Environment and Public Works: October 18, business meeting to consider the nominations of Michael Dourson, of Ohio, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances, and William L. Wehrum, of Delaware, Matthew Z. Leopold, of Florida, and David Ross, of Wis-consin, each to be an Assistant Administrator, all of the Environmental Protection Agency, Paul Trombino III, of Wisconsin, to be Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, and Jeff-ery Martin Baran, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: October 18, to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of Thomas L. Carter, of South Carolina, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America on the Council of the International Civil Aviation Organization, Jennifer Gillian Newstead, of New York, to be Legal Adviser, and Manisha Singh, of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary (Economic and Busi-ness Affairs), all of the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. October 19, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine modernizing the Food for Peace program, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Oc- tober 17, to hold hearings to examine the cost of pre-scription drugs, focusing on how the drug delivery sys-tem affects what patients pay, 10 a.m., SD–430. October 18, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider the nominations of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary, Cheryl Marie Stanton, of South Carolina, to be Administrator of the Wage and Hour Di-vision, and David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Mine Safety and Health, all of the Department of Labor, Janet Dhillon, of Pennsylvania, and Daniel M. Gade, of North Dakota, both to be a Member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Car-los G. Muniz, of Florida, to be General Counsel, Depart-ment of Education, Peter B. Robb, of Vermont, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board, and Gerald W. Fauth, of Virginia, Kyle Fortson, of the District of Columbia, and Linda A. Puchala, of Maryland, each to be a Member of the National Mediation Board, 9:30 a.m., SD–430. October 19, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine how healthy choices can improve health outcomes and reduce costs, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: October 18, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jeff Tien Han Pon, of Virginia, to be Director, and Michael Rigas, of Massachusetts, to be Deputy Director, both of the Office of Personnel Management, and Emily Webster Murphy, of Missouri, to be Administrator of General Services, 10 a.m., SD–342. October 18, Subcommittee on Federal Spending Over-sight and Emergency Management, to hold hearings to examine Federal support for research, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: October 17, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Gregory G. Katsas, of Vir-ginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the District of Columbia Circuit, Jeffrey Uhlman Beaverstock, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Emily Coody Marks, and Brett Joseph Talley, both to be a United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, and Holly Lou Teeter, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas, 10 a.m., SD–226. October 18, Full Committee, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SH–216. October 19, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider the nominations of Stephanos Bibas, of Pennsyl-vania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Allison H. Eid, of Colorado, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, Annemarie Carney Axon, to be United States District Judge for the North-ern District of Alabama, Michael Lawrence Brown, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina, William M. Ray II, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, Liles Clifton Burke, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Walter David Counts III, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Michael Joseph Juneau, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina, Karen Gren Scholer, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas, Tilman Eugene Self III, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Georgia, and John C. Demers, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Scott C. Blader, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Wisconsin, Mark A. Klaassen, to be United States Attorney for the District of Wyoming, William C. Lamar, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Mississippi, John R. Lausch, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois, and J. Douglas Overbey, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Tennessee, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: October 17, to hold hear-ings to examine the nomination of Christopher R. Sharpley, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Central In-telligence Agency, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
House Committees No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D16OC7.REC D16OCPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1092 October 16, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, October 17 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of David Joel Trachtenberg, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 10:30 a.m. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Thursday, October 19 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 12 noon. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1379 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E1382 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E1379, E1380 Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E1379 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1380 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1381, E1382 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1381 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1380 Rush, Bobby L., Ill., E1380 Scalise, Steve, La., E1379 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E1381 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1381 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E1379 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Oct 17, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D16OC7.REC D16OCPT1