Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1129 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 2017 No. 26 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. F
LEISCHMANN ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, February 14, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable C
HARLES J. F
LEISCHMANN to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
HONORING THE BOY SCOUTS ON 107 YEARS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 107th birthday of an organization near and dear to my heart: the Boy Scouts of America. On May 17, 1977, I became an Eagle Scout myself as a member of Boy Scout Troop 52, Walker Township, Pennsylvania. Over the years, I have proudly held various leadership roles with Boy Scout troops in Pennsyl-vania, including two separate stints as scoutmaster of Troop 353 in Howard. One of my greatest honors was to witness 29 young men achieve the rank of Eagle Scout during my time as scoutmaster. The Boy Scouts of Amer-ica is the largest Scouting organization in the United States, one of the largest youth organizations in the world. It boasts more than 2.4 million youth par-ticipants and more than 1 million adult volunteers. Mr. Speaker, at its core, Scouting en-courages that we leave this world a lit-tle bit better than how we found it. This value-based youth development organization provides programs for young people that build character, trains them in the responsibilities of participating citizenship, and develops personal fitness, personal self-reliance. The Boy Scouts of America has helped build future leaders by com-bining educational activities and life-long values with fun. The Boy Scouts of America believes—and, through over a century of experience, knows—that helping youth is a key to building a more conscientious, responsible, and productive society. Scouting focuses on moral character development, citizenship training, and development of physical, mental, and emotional fitness. Scouting promotes serving others every day in ways big and small. These values are something all of us can respect and admire. Fam-ily involvement is an essential part of the program, and parents are encour-aged to play an active role in making the most of the short time they have to impact the lives of their children. Scouting is designed to be experi-enced outdoors. Hiking, camping, mountain biking, skateboarding, BMX, mountain climbing, kayaking, white- water rafting—these are just some of a Scout’s outdoor experiences. The Scouting program is delivered through local civic, faith-based, and educational institutions called charter organizations, which operate Scouting units to deliver the programs to their youth members as well as the commu-nity at large. These organizations are dedicated to helping youth learn and grow, and I have enthusiastically been involved in Scouting for decades. Boy Scouts offer more than 130 merit badges, from archery and art to weld-ing and wilderness survival. Scouting is the ultimate form of learning by doing. Boy Scouts explore their inter-ests and improve their skills while working towards Scouting’s highest rank: Eagle. By first imaging, plan-ning, then doing their own service projects, Boy Scouts learn the value of hard work and experience the thrill of seeing it pay off. Add in outdoor adven-tures, hiking, and camping, and Scout-ing gives boys all the experiences they need to become fine men. The Venturing program, which is a co-ed division of the Boy Scouts, is geared towards men and women, ages 14 to 20. Venturing’s motto ‘‘Lead the Adventure’’ is truly geared towards the pursuit of adventure: exploring new places with friends and accomplishing challenges together. There are cur-rently 158,000 Venturers and 58,000 adult volunteers with the Venturing program in the United States. Mr. Speaker, I cannot be more proud of this organization and the way it helps shape young lives. Happy birth-day, Boy Scouts of America. Thank you for the wisdom that you have im-parted in millions of Americans. 
f 
CELEBRATING NATIONAL COURT REPORTING AND CAPTIONING WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. K
IND) for 5 minutes. Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of National Court Re-porting and Captioning Week and in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.000 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1130 February 14, 2017 
appreciation of court reporters across the country. Court reporters play a critical role in our communities. They are the guard-ians of our public record. They have unique skills translating the spoken word into text to be recorded for his-tory. They preserve judicial pro-ceedings and assist individuals who are deaf and hard of hearing. I have seen firsthand the dedication and professionalism shown by court re-porters from my time as a special pros-ecutor in Wisconsin and, more impor-tantly, from my wife Tawni, who has been a court reporter in western Wis-consin for nearly 25 years. I wish her a happy Valentine’s Day today. In addition to the critical role court reporters play in the courtroom, the National Court Reporters Association and its members have made significant contributions to the success of the Vet-erans History Project. The Veterans History Project, which was created by legislation that I authored, is the larg-est oral history collection in the world, having collected over 100,000 stories from our Nation’s veterans. Their sto-ries are permanently stored at the Li-brary of Congress and are available to the public. Shortly after the Veterans History Project was launched in 2000, my wife Tawni encouraged court reporters across the country to partner with the Library of Congress to assist in tran-scribing veterans’ stories; and to date, court reporters have submitted over 4,000 oral history transcripts to the Li-brary of Congress. Not only have court reporters been willing to work with the Library of Congress to transcribe sto-ries that had already been submitted, but many court reporters have person-ally gone and interviewed veterans in their local communities. For example, last August, at the court reporters’ national convention, the National Court Reporters Founda-tion celebrated Purple Heart Day by interviewing eight Purple Heart recipi-ents for the Veterans History Project. Additionally, the National Court Re-porters Foundation recently launched a new program called the Hard-of-Hear-ing Heroes Project, where veterans with profound hearing loss will be interviewed for the Veterans History Project through the use of realtime captioning. This is important because, according to the VA, hearing loss is one of the most common service-related injuries, and it is estimated that 60 percent of our veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan suffer some form of hear-ing loss. The program will help ensure every veteran has a chance to share his or her story. As we celebrate National Court Re-porting and Captioning Week, I want to thank the National Court Reporters Association and its many members throughout the country for their hard work and professionalism. I especially want to thank the court reporters for their significant contributions to the Veterans History Project and to pre-serving veterans’ stories for genera-tions to come. 
f 
VENEZUELA SANCTIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, yesterday the new administration, in-cluding Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, OFAC, took decisive action to hold Venezuelan re-gime officials accountable for their elicit activity. The announcement was that two Venezuelan nationals were labeled as ‘‘specially designated narcotics traf-fickers’’ pursuant to the Kingpin Act, including Venezuela’s second in com-mand, the Vice President of Venezuela, and his front man, Lopez Bello. It also identified 13 companies owned or con-trolled by these individuals or other designated parties that pose a serious threat to U.S. national security as well as the U.S. and global financial sys-tems. These designations were long overdue, Mr. Speaker, and represent a significant first step in what appears to be a positive, fundamental shift in our policy toward Venezuela. Just yesterday, my colleague M
ARIO D
IAZ-BALART and I met with Vice President P
ENCE to discuss Venezuela and how Congress and the administra-tion can work together to craft a posi-tive agenda to help the people in Latin America suffering without democracy or human rights. Last week, Senator B
OBMENENDEZ of New Jersey and I led a bipartisan and bicameral letter—together with 32 of our congressional colleagues—to the President urging his administration to take immediate action against the Maduro regime for his illicit activity and for its gross human rights abuses. While this round of sanctions target the illegal drug activities of these offi-cials, this is just the tip of the corrup-tion iceberg in Venezuela, Mr. Speaker. In fact, Venezuela’s so-called Execu-tive Vice President has facilitated drug shipments, has protected drug traf-fickers in Venezuela, and has alleged links with the U.S.-designated foreign terrorist organization and Iranian proxy, Hezbollah. According to OFAC, the Office of Foreign Assets Control, the second individual also sanctioned is Lopez Bello, who laundered drug pro-ceeds and generated significant profits as a result of illegal activities. Holy Toledo. While these announced sanctions were a critical first step, it pales in comparison to the dire humanitarian situation that Maduro and his cronies have created for the people of Ven-ezuela. Mr. Speaker, Venezuela has been on a downward spiral for years, and there have been bipartisan calls from Congress to take action in sup-port of the Venezuelan people. Maduro’s failed economic policies have the country with the highest in-flation rate in the world leaving his people without food, without basic ne-cessities, without medical supplies. In most areas, hospitals and groceries have shut down due to lack of supplies, and the people of Venezuela are forced to ransack what is left of these hos-pitals and stores for the basic survival of their families. How does the regime react when they see the suffering of their own citizens? They are lining their own pockets at the expense and the suffering of the Venezuelan people. An AP report showed that senior-level officials like Generals Rodolfo Marco Torres and Carlos Osorio are allegedly orches-trating fraudulent schemes with sus-pected shell companies to personally profit, instead of bringing food to the people. Opposition leaders like Leopoldo Lopez and Antonio Ledesma are still in jail or under house arrest. Leaders like Maria Corina Machado of the National Congress is still not allowed to travel outside her country. This is unaccept-able, Mr. Speaker. Their so-called crimes: speaking out against the Maduro regime and standing up for democratic principles. The regime stifles all who stand for democracy and freedom in Venezuela. The opposition is vilified, is per-secuted, and is arrested on false charges. We must show Venezuelans that their fight is not in vain, that their actions are seen, and that their cries are heard. Next on the sanctions list should be the judges and officers of these kan-garoo courts in Venezuela who are be-hind this unwarranted incarceration and are responsible for the injustices and human rights violations. Mr. Speaker, this is what America is all about. We stand firmly by our val-ues, firmly in our ideals, and we pro-mote and defend them, and we try to have other parts of the world be en-lightened in this way. Hope is dwindling quickly in Ven-ezuela. As human rights violations multiply, now is the time to hold Ven-ezuelan regime officials accountable, and we urge all responsible nations to join us in this struggle. 
f 
b1015 LET THE PEOPLE DECIDE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. P
OCAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, if you would have asked me when I first got elected to Congress, would I ever ex-pect to be in a position, months after a Presidential election, about whether or not the integrity of that election was at stake, I would have said ‘‘of course not.’’ Our democracy’s strength is that any adult has an equal say in it through their vote; that the wealthiest or the poorest, the youngest or the oldest adult, regardless of their gender, race, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.003 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1131 February 14, 2017 
religion, or sexual orientation, we all have an equal say in our democracy via our vote; which is why the vote is so important. It is the great equalizer and it gives us confidence in our govern-ment, that whoever the people select to be President should be the force of the majority. But the concern I am speaking about today is the concern that somehow the election this past November might have been interfered with by another government. Now, I know we have all heard about the intelligence community’s classified report regarding Russian hacking and interference in our elections. I have read it and so have many of my col-leagues. And, allegedly, President Trump has read the document as well. My concern is that we seem to have different interpretations of a document that is very clear about unprecedented outside interference. For those of us who have read it, shock. Shock that another country would be so cavalier in their approach to interfere with an election, to manipulate the truth, to go farther than we have ever seen in try-ing to get the outcome they wanted and ultimately got. There is no secret that President Trump has an unnerving affection for Russian President Vladimir Putin. Trump has called Putin ‘‘very smart.’’ He claimed Putin was a better leader than Barack Obama. And Trump even defended Putin in a recent interview with a FOX News talk show host. The connections to Russia and his Cabinet are equally unnerving. Sec-retary of State Rex Tillerson had nu-merous business dealings with Russia, and was even recognized by Putin with the Order of Friendship in 2013. But it doesn’t stop there. Just last week, U.S. investigators confirmed that parts of the 35-page intelligence dossier, compiled by a former British spy, were accurate. The dossier con-tained still unconfirmed details of an all-too-cozy relationship between Rus-sian President Vladimir Putin and the Trump Cabinet. Just yesterday, President Trump’s own National Security Adviser, Mi-chael Flynn, resigned after being bust-ed for having potentially illegal con-versations with the Russian Govern-ment regarding lifting sanctions on the country prior to President Trump tak-ing office; conversations he had pre-viously misled to the FBI and the Vice President. Who else knew about Flynn, and when did they know about it? Now, I don’t bring this up as an effort to get back into a Cold War with Rus-sia, as some seem to condone. I am dis-gusted by the Russian Government’s scapegoating of the LGBT community and their authoritarian approach to civic affairs. I think getting back into a Cold War would be a terrible idea, and there are some areas around the globe where we could welcome coopera-tion to solve humanitarian crises. My concern lies in that the Russian Government did something, hacking and interfering in our elections with the intent of electing their choice for President, Donald Trump. That must be addressed through sanctions and safeguards to make sure it never hap-pens again. If anyone in the executive branch is suggesting lifting any sanctions after what just happened, there needs to be a public dialogue about why, because if they read the same report that I did, there is no way that would be the ap-propriate response. But given President Trump’s unwill-ingness to accept the reality of the Russian interference in our election, given the closeness of several leading members of the President’s Cabinet to Russia, and given the recent resigna-tion of our National Security Adviser over his dealings with Russia, I feel it is imperative that the American people get all the facts. Should we be lifting sanctions against a country our intelligence com-munity tells us intentionally, and in multiple ways, tried to interfere with our elections and, ultimately, get the person they wanted elected? Or should we be doing even more to guarantee the sovereignty of our country and the integrity of our elections in every pos-sible way? Currently, the House and Senate In-telligence Committees are inves-tigating Russian interference with our elections, and I applaud them for tak-ing the issue so seriously. Personally, I would love to see an outside, non-partisan, independent review as well. However, we need to take this right to the people. The classified report about election interference by the Rus-sians could, in my opinion, with appro-priate protections, be declassified so that the American people could see it for themselves. Mr. President, I request you ask for that report to be fully declassified. If your administration’s assertions are correct, let the American people see it. Let the truth come out. But my guess is, when they see the totality of the report, there will be a lot of explaining for this administra-tion to do, both about our response to Russia and how we protect our elec-tions in the future. It is really that simple. Let the peo-ple decide. Declassify the report. 
f 
HONORING BROOKHAVEN NA-TIONAL LABORATORY ON ITS 70TH ANNIVERSARY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Brookhaven National Laboratory on its 70th anniversary. The United States is the greatest Na-tion in the world, and one of the rea-sons why is Brookhaven National Lab-oratory. Their science research is ag-gressively pursuing cures to illnesses, protecting our national security, and increasing our energy independence. Imagine being able to witness a recreation of the very beginning of our universe, a replica of the primordial soup which once comprised all that had existed right before your very eyes. Also imagine that this very same equipment could be used to find cures to illnesses such as cancer and heart disease. I am proud that Brookhaven Na-tional Laboratory is located in the greatest congressional district in America, the First Congressional Dis-trict of New York. For nearly three-quarters of a cen-tury, Brookhaven has stood as a world- class research center that conducts groundbreaking studies within the sci-entific community. Brookhaven asks the big questions that scientists have been researching for generations, and has allowed us to look into the build-ing blocks of our world. Between preservation of our eco-system, studies on the environment, and researching new forms of sustain-able energy, Brookhaven is a world leader in scientific research. There is also incredible cultural and historical relevance of the site of Brookhaven National Laboratory. There was once a World War I Army training center called Camp Upton lo-cated where Brookhaven stands today. It was at this camp that Irving Berlin wrote ‘‘God Bless America’’ while serv-ing in the U.S. Army. Brookhaven is not only a local and regional treasure, but also a national asset. The machines in Brookhaven have been utilized by the most brilliant minds in America, from the scientists of MIT and Yale to the engineers at GE and IBM. While there are 17 national labs across our great country, Brookhaven is a unique user facility which focuses in a number of disciplines, not limited to particle physics, chemical engineer-ing, and systems engineering and inte-gration. In previous Congresses, critical fund-ing has been provided in support of the ARPA-E program for several of Brookhaven’s phenomenal projects on energy production and storage, and so much more. There has been discussion in the past to cut funding for Brookhaven’s nu-clear physics program to levels that haven’t been seen since 2008. This would be a mistake. Brookhaven features some of the most important scientific efforts in the world, with assets like the National Synchrotron Light Source II, or NSLS- II. NSLS-II has allowed for incredible advancement in the research and devel-opment of super conductors, which have the potential to revolutionize en-ergy consumption in the U.S. and save into the billions for the American peo-ple and American businesses. Another program in need of our con-tinued support is the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider, or RHIC. This multi-faceted machine is essential for studies on matter and has key prac-tical applications, like figuring out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.005 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1132 February 14, 2017 
how to best protect our homeland using detector technology. There is also the Brookhaven Linac Isotope Producer, or BLIP, which has been recently upgraded to advance the field of medical science. This upgrade allows BLIP to better diagnose and treat illnesses, including heart disease and many forms of cancer, such as leu-kemia and melanoma. With Congress’ continued support, there is limitless potential for needed discovery and advancement. I thank the Speaker for allowing me to discuss this amazing national treas-ure. I also thank Doon Gibbs, who is the lab director, for his outstanding leadership at this facility. It is a privilege to stand here on the floor of the U.S. House of Representa-tives to speak on behalf of America’s great scientists and their vital work. Congratulations again to Brookhaven National Laboratory on 70 years of groundbreaking, innovative research. And to everyone at home, Happy Val-entine’s Day. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOE WILLIAMS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a loving family man, a great friend, a veteran, a civil rights leader, and former Fresno City Council member, Joe Williams. Joe passed away last week at the age of 79. He was a loving husband, father, and grandfather. He dedicated much of his life to public service. No matter whether you were a good friend or you hardly knew Joe, he had a way of making everyone feel impor-tant and special. In 1968, he started a 26-year career at the Fresno Economic Opportunities Commission. After 2 years of serving as the director of the Fresno County Head Start, Joe was promoted to serve as the executive director for Fresno EOC. During his tenure at the Fresno EOC, he established 35 new programs, with a budget starting at $1.8 million, growing it to $37 million. With the help of over 670 employees in the Fresno EOC, he was able to im-plement so many important programs, such as the Women, Infants, and Chil-dren program, otherwise known as WIC; opened the first rural health clin-ic in Fresno County; and started Meals on Wheels programs for seniors. But he didn’t stop there. Joe was a doer. He created a sanctuary program for homeless youth, which was estab-lished and later named in his honor upon Joe’s retirement. Under his lead-ership, the Fresno EOC became a model for similar programs around the Na-tion, one of the truly outstanding lead-ers in terms of community action agen-cies in the country. Joe made that hap-pen. In 1977, he became the first African American elected to the Fresno City Council. He served two terms and was always an advocate for what was best for the entire city. He said: You know, you’ve got to feel it in your gut; and if it’s there, you do it. He was a civil rights leader in our San Joaquin Valley and throughout the State and the Nation, encouraging others to do the right thing. My thoughts and prayers are with Joe’s wife, Laura; their children, Mi-chael and his wife, Sonya, Winston, and Terri; his brother, George; his grand-children, great-grandchildren, and nu-merous nieces and nephews. My colleagues, I ask you to join me in paying tribute to the life and times of Joe Williams. He will be remembered in a selfless way in which he lived his life, always looking to help those in the community who needed help. As Emerson once said: ‘‘To have a friend is first to be a friend.’’ Thank you, Joe, for being my friend and being the friend of our community. I join his family in honoring his life and love and service to our country, and he will be greatly missed. FLOODING CONDITIONS IN CALIFORNIA  
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak about the flood conditions in California. It is either feast or famine. We either had the last 6 years of some of the driest conditions we have experi-enced in over 1,000 or, in the last 2 months, record rain and snow in the mountains and, thus, floods that we are experiencing. This last weekend I joined on an offi-cial tour of Merced County with Sheriff Warnke. In Le Grand, this weekend we had 25 homes in my district that were evacuated. I commend the collaboration between the Merced County officials, the Cali-fornia Office of Emergency Services, and FEMA for rightly declaring a state of emergency for the flooding that is happening and may continue with new storms coming. My thoughts are with the people in Butte, and Sutter and Yuba Counties. The emergency spillway that could be compromised at Oroville Dam is some-thing that we are all concerned about; 200,000 people, as we know, have been evacuated from their homes. That is why I joined Congressman G
ARAMENDI and my colleagues in send-ing a letter to President Trump re-questing, as the government has asked, a Major Disaster Declaration under the Stafford Act. A Major Disaster Dec-laration will provide greater collabora-tion among local, State, and Federal governments, and will provide imme-diate resources where they are most needed. Additionally, we must invest in Cali-fornia’s infrastructure needs. Its water infrastructure needs to fix a broken water system. The President has pro-posed a significant massive infrastruc-ture program, $1 trillion. That could be used not only in California, but throughout the entire country. We need additional water storage in order to prevent devastating flood con-ditions as we are having now, and also to store that water so we can have it during the dry conditions. So two things go hand in hand. There are another series of storms expected later this week, and we still have about 2 months left of our winter season. Therefore, we need all hands on deck. We are using every tool available to reduce the potential flood and dam-age and accidents that are there, but we must invest to fix this broken water system. The President’s proposal will allow us to provide additional surface storage supply to not only protect against flooding, but also to store that water so that when we have the dry periods in California, we can use that water for our crops and for the people who need it the most. f 
b1030 HISTORIC BRISTOL BOROUGH, PENNSYLVANIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about Bristol Bor-ough, Pennsylvania, a picturesque town in my district situated along the Delaware River midway between Phila-delphia and New York. Since 1824, Bris-tol Borough has embraced the motto ‘‘Welcome Friend’’ after a sign greeted Marquis de Lafayette on his ‘‘Farewell Tour of America.’’ Bristol Borough continues to welcome newcomers to an incredibly caring community of resi-dents and leaders pushing the town into the future. Bristol Borough’s history closely par-allels the economic, commercial, and industrial history of the United States. In the late 1960s, U.S. Steel Corpora-tion closed their facilities just up the road, and thousands of employees lost their jobs. In turn, downtown Bristol Borough lost an incredible amount of traffic. But what the people did not lose was their passionate desire to im-prove their town, restoring its former glory with an eye to an even brighter future. Mr. Speaker, the people of Bristol Borough are tough, resilient, and they have grit. Small-business owners in downtown Bristol are revitalizing their town, and they have been noticed. As a finalist in the nationwide Small Busi-ness Revolution, Bristol Borough shines a spotlight on the vital impact small businesses have on our economy, our communities, and our daily lives. As a member of the House Committee on Small Business, I pledge my com-mitment to pursue policies that pro-tect and foster these small businesses and that make Bucks County truly a great place to live. 
OPIOID EPIDEMIC  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, heroin and prescription opioid abuse are devastating communities across 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.006 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1133 February 14, 2017 
our Nation. From Levittown to Lower Salford, no part of my district is left unaffected by this epidemic. Last year in Bucks County, opioid-related deaths rose by 50 percent. In Montgomery County, opioid overdoses claimed a staggering 240 lives. Mr. Speaker, every fatality rep-resents a family crushed by the over-whelming loss of a loved one. As law-makers, we have the responsibility to act. Passage of the Comprehensive Ad-diction and Recovery Act and the 21st Century Cures Act were monumental first steps in countering the opioid cri-sis, but we must continue to press the issue from all sides, from the traf-ficking of narcotics across our border to preventing the overprescribing of painkillers. Congress alone cannot solve this problem. We must be ready and willing to work with State and local leaders, law enforcement, healthcare profes-sionals, and educators in our districts. We are all stakeholders in this chal-lenge. Together, we can eradicate this epidemic, we can protect our families, and we can free our communities from this menace. 
f 
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. H
ECK) for 5 minutes. Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, it may be Valentine’s Day, but I rise today to share a story of a Christmas miracle. Now, this is little Gracie, and she was born on Christmas Day in 2015. Un-fortunately, not too long after she was born, she was diagnosed with a res-piratory virus. It is a very bad thing for little people because they have lit-tle lungs and little respiratory air-ways. Frankly, it can be extremely dangerous. To make matters worse, she was snowed in at the hospital where she was born. She had to spend 5 days at the NICU before they could transport her to a children’s hospital. When she finally did arrive at Seattle Children’s Hospital, she had pneumonia, E. coli, and a collapsed lung. But, fortunately, little Gracie is a fighter, as was her medical team, and she made a com-plete and full recovery. With coverage through Medicaid, her parents were able to focus on her care and her future. The financial stress of hospital bills that come with intensive care, a cardiac catheter, a life flight, and numerous medications was daunting, but it was not devastating. Gracie’s story is just one example of the difference Medicaid expansion through the ACA has made for millions of children throughout our Nation. Mr. Speaker, when I am home, I hear these stories all day long about how the ACA has made a real difference in the lives of people. The ACA in my State expanded coverage to more than 750,000 people. In fact, this January, we hit record enrollment of 225,000 sign- ups. That is a 13 percent jump from last year. The ACA is working for many people across America; but let’s be honest: we have also heard the other stories from people who aren’t seeing these gains. Instead, they are seeing higher pre-miums and increased medical costs in general, with little improvement in coverage. Those are legitimate con-cerns that Congress needs to address. But whenever Congress makes major changes, such as Social Security or Medicare, or enacts big ideas, there will always be unexpected results in parts of the program that don’t func-tion as anticipated or designed. Our job is to follow up, see what works, and adapt accordingly going forward. Even the best laws are going to require some adjustment. Let’s do that. Let’s do it the smart way, the American way, and work to-gether to fix the parts of the ACA that need fixing while maintaining that which works. Repeal and replace is not the answer. It is not the answer. Work-ing together to fix it is the answer. As we continue—or begin—to work together, I hope we will remember Gracie and know that health care is not a miracle. Health care is the result of hardworking doctors, nurses, and healthcare professionals and a finan-cially viable healthcare system and our actions here to support that in Con-gress. We all come here for lots of reasons: philosophy, values, and ideology. We come here to represent our districts and their major components. I have the privilege to represent Joint Base Lewis-McChord, the largest force pro-jection base on the West Coast, and many thousands of State employees—I have the State capital—who work every day to elevate the human condi-tion of their friends and neighbors. We come here to represent the 672,554 peo-ple of our districts. Mostly, I hope, however, that we come here to represent the Gracies of our districts. What I believe deep in my soul is that, if we will keep Gracie and the Gracies of our district in our hearts and foremost in our minds, if we keep them as our touchstone and our North Star, then America is going to be all right. I plead with you to do just that. 
f 
CELEBRATING 100 YEARS OF SAVANNAH’S NAACP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the NAACP’s Savannah branch. In July of 1917, James Weldon Johnson, field secretary of the NAACP, established Georgia’s first NAACP branch in Savannah with 68 original members. Similar to other NAACP branches, the Savannah branch pursues political, educational, social, and economic equality of minority groups and citi-zens. For the last 100 years, Savannah’s NAACP branch has fought to eradicate racial hatred and discrimination in the community. Its first meeting of 2017 was held on January 22 at St. Paul Christian Methodist Episcopal Church to install new officers and leadership. I am proud to recognize today the branch’s new officials, including Presi-dent Al Scott, Vice Presidents W. Rich-ard Shinhoster, Lynette Hymes, Bar-bara Magwood, Secretary Linda Carter, and Treasurer Joe Lang. I am confident in this leadership’s ability to continue to uphold the values of the NAACP and help Savannah serve as an example to the nearly 75 NAACP branches Georgia has today. REMEMBERING STETSON BENNETT , JR. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remember a lifelong public servant, Mr. Stetson Bennett, Jr., of Jesup, Georgia, who passed away on Thursday, February 9, 2017, at 87 years old. Mr. Bennett was born in 1929 to Rev-erend Stetson Bennett, Sr., and Irene Bennett in Wayne County. He grad-uated from Jesup High School in 1947, before attending Auburn University. Around this time, he also married his wife, Patsy Jones. They were married for more than 69 years. Mr. Bennett first entered public serv-ice in 1949, as chief deputy clerk. By 1965, he was elected clerk of superior court and served nearly 50 years. Rec-ognized by the Georgia House of Rep-resentatives as the longest serving con-stitutional officer in Georgia, Mr. Ben-nett has received a number of honors throughout his career. His dedicated service earned him Clerk of the Year Award in 1985, the highest honor a clerk can receive. Fit-tingly, the award is now named in honor of Mr. Bennett. Perhaps his proudest achievement was when the citizens of Wayne County officially named the main courtroom the Stetson Bennett, Jr. Courtroom in honor of his years of service to the community he loved. In addition, he served as the presi-dent of the Wayne County Chamber of Commerce, was an active member of the Lions Club, and helped develop Wayne Memorial Hospital as a member of its board. Mr. Bennett was always proud of where he came from, which was clear from how selflessly he dedicated his life to Wayne County. He truly will be missed. 
PRAYERS FOR LEIGH RYAN  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to ask for your thoughts and prayers for Mrs. Leigh Ryan, a Tybee Island mother of two who is battling an aggressive form of cancer. Originally from Roberta, Georgia, Mrs. Ryan settled on Tybee Island 20 years ago to work as a nurse at Memo-rial University Medical Center. Since arriving on Tybee Island, giving back to the community has been a top pri-ority for Mrs. Ryan, who is a member of Junior League and often works with the homeless in the area. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.008 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1134 February 14, 2017 
She was originally diagnosed with breast cancer in the fall of 2015, but through treatment, Mrs. Ryan believed herself to be cancer free. Unfortu-nately, around Thanksgiving of 2016, doctors told her the cancer was back. With Mrs. Ryan’s twin 8-year-old daughters in mind, a close friend began fundraising to help care for Mrs. Ryan’s children as she continues her treatment. The community returned the kindness she showed them and raised more than $40,000 for Mrs. Ryan in the first week of collecting dona-tions. It is inspiring to see a community come together to help someone in need, especially someone who has already done so much for the community. Please keep Mrs. Ryan, her daughters, and the generous community of Tybee Island in your thoughts. 
REMEMBERING MR . WILMER RANDELL  
KICKLIGHTER  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remember the life of my dear friend, Mr. Randell Kicklighter, who passed away on Sat-urday, February 11, at the age of 74. Randell, as he was known to his fam-ily and friends, was an icon in the Gar-den City, Georgia, community. He spent his life helping others, sharing wisdom, and brightening people’s days. At the age of 18, he met the love of his life, Bessie. Ten months after the couple met, they ran away and mar-ried. Randell went on to serve 2 years in the United States Army, making sure to always have Bessie by his side. During this period, the couple spent time in both the U.S. and Germany serving our Nation. When Randell returned from duty, he decided to go to beauty school and be-come a hairdresser, which would allow him to work beside Bessie every day. They opened a salon called Randell and Dean’s, which quickly gained a reputa-tion around Garden City. Clients would say you could not expect a quick trim because long conversations with Randell were a must. I can attest to this firsthand. You see, Randell kept my hair for over 37 years. Many times it was just he and I together, and he was truly one of my best friends. However, Randell worked harder than nearly anyone around. He never retired and worked until the last day in his salon. Each day after work, Randell would head to the gym to exer-cise. Even there, he continued his hard work and long conversations. In the 1960s, Randell won many power lifting competitions. Then, at the age of 61, he competed and won national bodybuilding competitions. Even at the gym, Randell was talking to people about his children and grandchildren and sharing tips about exercise. Randell was one of my best friends, and I will miss him, as will everyone who had the honor of knowing him. OUR CRUMBLING NATIONAL INFRASTRUCTURE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) for 5 minutes. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, can-didate Trump talked a lot about the need to invest $1 trillion in our crum-bling infrastructure, and President Trump, on Inauguration Day, ref-erenced again the need to invest in our infrastructure. There has been little progress since that point and no major proposals. Last week, I talked about surface transportation. I am running a clock on the costs to the American economy and the American people of not invest-ing in roads, bridges, highways, and transit. That clock started at noon on the 20th of Inauguration Day, and it is now up to $11 billion. That is the cost to the American people, to the econ-omy, of not investing. This week we have seen a dramatic new example in a different area of in-frastructure of the costs of not invest-ing: the evacuation of 130,000 people below the Oroville Dam in California. This shouldn’t be happening. Federal and State officials warned that the dam didn’t meet current safety stand-ards in 2005, yet no investments and no improvements were made. I wish this were an isolated example. Unfortunately, 96 percent of the dams in America are owned by State, local, and private entities, and many are in need of upgrades or a complete over-haul. Fifty years is the estimated life-time of a dam. There are 50,000 dams that are past that lifetime, and some of them are safety critical, that is, if they fail, people will die. b1045 The American Society of Civil Engi-neers gives us a D. They say by 2020, 70 percent of our dams will be over 50 years old. There are 2,000 that are clas-sified as a high hazard today—those whose failure, by definition, or misoperation will probably cause loss of human life. We need about $53 billion to repair these dams. That is a lot of money, but think of what a life is worth. Think of the cost of the damage that is caused when these dams fail. Most everybody downstream has Federal flood insur-ance. Instead of the Federal Government partnering and working with commu-nities and States to improve these dams and prevent a disaster, until last year, the only program we had was one to mitigate after the disaster. But luckily, we moved forward last year in the Water Resources Development Act with an amendment offered by our col-league Mr. M
ALONEY that would au-thorize repair and rehabilitation of non-Federal dams and provide proactive maintenance and repair. Obviously, it is much more cost-ef-fective than waiting until failure and then mitigate the property loss down-stream and declare an emergency to re-build the dam. We will have the sad loss of life when we don’t make those investments. There are many examples that I could cite. A dam failure in Hawaii killed seven people. It had never been inspected. It was a 100-year-old dam. In 2 weeks, we will mark the 35th anniver-sary of the Buffalo Creek Dam failure in West Virginia. It killed 125 people, 1,100 were severely injured, and 4,000 people were homeless. The dam had re-ceived safety violations, but there was no follow-up. So, this is another aspect of infra-structure in America that needs invest-ment. President Trump was pretty much spot on with his estimate of a trillion dollars. If you look at surface transportation—roads, bridges, high-ways, and transit—if you look at infra-structure for water treatment—think Detroit—or if you look at the thou-sands of communities that need to up-grade or rebuild their sewer facilities and other aspects of infrastructure, a trillion dollars would just about do it. If we made those investments, we would put hundreds of thousands of people to work in this country, make America more efficient and more com-petitive in the world economy. But many of my Republican colleagues on the other side of the aisle think that we shouldn’t be making these invest-ments publicly. They classify any kind of spending as a deficit, even if it is a capital investment that will last for a hundred years or a capital investment that will save lives and mitigate losses for the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency and the National Flood Insurance Program. It is penny wise and pound foolish not to make these investments. We can and should. We need to move forward and rebuild our country. f 
BRING HADAR HOME The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. M
AST) for 5 minutes. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the story of Hadar Goldin. Hadar was born in the Galilee region of Israel in 1991. He was a gifted young man—a happy person with a lively per-sonality. He was an accomplished painter and, I am told, an inspiration to everybody that knew him. He served as a lieutenant in the Givati Brigade of the IDF. Mr. Speaker, I did not know Hadar personally, but, during my time serv-ing alongside the IDF, I knew so many who were just like him. I met some of the most humble and compassionate people that I have ever known. I chose to serve alongside the IDF because our friends in Israel fight for the same val-ues that we fight to protect in our country: human dignity, freedom, and liberty. I can tell you from experience that we soldiers often label our uniforms with sentiments that are important to us. Hadar had his rifle belt embroidered 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.009 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1135 February 14, 2017 
with the words ‘‘strength and humil-ity.’’ He fought not out of hatred for his enemy but to protect his homeland and his family. He used the embroidery as a reminder that a soldier has the courage to use his weapon when need-ed, but even more importantly, has the humility to restrain from its use in the name of peace. But on August 1, 2014, when Hadar was only 23 years old, he was killed by Hamas terrorists, just 2 hours after a ceasefire had been declared in the Op-eration Protective Edge war in Gaza. Hamas terrorists maliciously dragged his body away from his home and into an underground tunnel. They stripped and left his clothing and have held his corpse ever since. Americans are no strangers to the term ‘‘missing in action,’’ as we still have, shamefully, thousands unac-counted for in Southeast Asia. This is a painful and uncertain future that no family deserves. This should never, ever be condoned. Last week, I had the opportunity to meet with Hadar’s family. They are un-able to give their son the proper burial because Hamas is holding his body hos-tage. Mr. Speaker, we know that Hamas does not value human life. They seek to destroy all that Israel and the United States hold dear. Even the last administration called for the con-demning of this action in the strongest possible terms. They called it barbaric. We must now enter into a new chap-ter—one where we support our Israeli allies and stand side by side with them in the fight for freedom. This was a ceasefire that Israel en-tered into at the urging of former Sec-retary of State John Kerry and the United Nations. They should bear some responsibility for ensuring his body is returned home. Mr. Speaker, I urge the United Na-tions to step up for what is right. Show some spine, show some resolve, and stand against Hamas. Do not be a rug that Palestinians trounce across as they shop the United Nations to fulfill their agenda while never being held ac-countable for their acts of terrorism and their acts against basic human dig-nity. I urge the new administration to take the necessary steps to help bring Hadar home and ensure his family can finally give him a proper burial—the kind of burial that every soldier, re-gardless of their uniform, deserves. 
f 
ACA STORY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, this beautiful child is Charlie. Charlie is an infant from Westport, Massachusetts. Charlie’s dad has a green card and his mom is an American citizen. Charlie’s mom wrote me to share their family’s Affordable Care Act story, an important one, yet, in many respects, not that uncommon. When Charlie was born, his mother had to postpone her Ph.D. ambitions because she needed a full-time job to support her family. Although she has two master’s degrees, she is working over 40 hours per week in a restaurant. That restaurant doesn’t offer benefits, so Charlie’s mom has to purchase her own health insurance policy for her family. The Affordable Care Act has helped them find the health plan they need at a price they can afford. Char-lie’s family got covered. Charlie’s mom also wrote me to tell me that, on January 21, she came to Washington and marched with women from around the world because of the fact that all families like hers should have health care, for all children like Charlie who need health care, and be-cause she believes Americans should want all their neighbors to be healthy. I agree with Charlie’s mom. We should all have access to essential healthcare services. This is a family working to make it on their own, not seeking transitional assistance from the government, sacrificing to move their family forward, striving to suc-ceed, to earn the American Dream. The Affordable Care Act provides them this opportunity. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MOREHOUSE COLLEGE’S 150TH ANNIVERSARY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. B
ISHOP ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to rise today to recognize my alma mater, Morehouse College in Atlanta, Georgia, as it celebrates 150 years of educating, training, and empowering outstanding leaders. The year-long sesquicentennial cele-bration began in January 2017, and will include many events for students, fac-ulty, staff, administrators, donors, families, and friends of Morehouse Col-lege. The theme of the celebration is ‘‘A House United,’’ which highlights Morehouse’s position as a unifying force around the globe and here at home. Tracing its roots back to the Recon-struction era after the Civil War, More-house was founded in 1867, as the Au-gusta Theological Institute in Augusta, Georgia. The school was founded by Reverend William Jefferson White, with the encouragement of Reverend Richard Coulter and Reverend Edmund Turney. It aimed to prepare Black men for ministry and teaching. In 1879, the Augusta Theological In-stitute moved to the basement of the Friendship Baptist Church in Atlanta and was renamed the Atlanta Baptist Seminary. In 1885, the institution relo-cated to its current site in Atlanta’s West End community. The seminary became a liberal arts college and was subsequently renamed the Atlanta Baptist College. During these early years in Morehouse’s history, the institution expanded its curriculum and estab-lished the tradition of educating lead-ers for all areas of life. In 1913, Atlanta Baptist College was renamed More-house College after the corresponding secretary of the Northern Baptist Home Mission Society, Henry L. More-house. Throughout its 150-year history, Morehouse College has made a signifi-cant mark on our State, our Nation, and the world. Here, many notable men gained the knowledge and training that enabled them to become some of the greatest influences of our time, includ-ing Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.; noted theologian Dr. Howard Thurman; civil rights leader Julian Bond; filmmaker Shelton ‘‘Spike’’ Lee; Olympic gold medalist Edwin Moses; CEO of the Sil-icon Valley Community Foundation, Emmitt Carson; and many more. Morehouse principles often instill a desire for public service to benefit mankind. In the United States Con-gress, Representative CEDRIC RICH-
MOND , chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, as well as many staff members and former Members of Con-gress, hold degrees from Morehouse. U.S. Presidents have relied on alumni such as former Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson, former Sec-retary of Health and Human Services Dr. Louis Sullivan, former Surgeon General Dr. Daniel Satcher, and former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations James Nabrit, Jr. Around the country, State and local governments have been led by alumni such as Maynard H. Jackson, the first African-American mayor of Atlanta, Georgia. As a 1968 graduate of Morehouse Col-lege, this one-of-a-kind institution has a special place in my heart. During my matriculation, I got to know on a per-sonal level the late Dr. Benjamin E. Mays, the most renowned president of Morehouse, who was a mentor to Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Through him, I met Dr. King during his life, followed him in protest marches, and sang at his funeral, which was held on the campus and attended by many national and international luminaries. Today, under the leadership of the 11th president of Morehouse College, Dr. John Silvanus Wilson, Jr., also an alumnus, the school continues to be consistently ranked as one of the top colleges in the Nation and among the highest respected Historically Black Colleges and Universities. As the Na-tion’s largest liberal arts college for men, Morehouse has conferred more bachelor’s degrees on Black men than any other institution in the world. b1100 Mr. Speaker, today I ask my col-leagues to join me in recognizing More-house College for 150 years of preparing young men to aspire to unique and dis-tinctive goals while leading lives of leadership and service. This institution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:51 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.011 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1136 February 14, 2017 
was born out of the death of slavery in America. It guided young Black men through the era of segregation in the South, and it continues to empower marginalized populations against the oppression still prevalent in the world today. It is my hope that the genera-tions of Morehouse Men of today and tomorrow will continue the progress and continue to leave their marks on our Nation and the world. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP SHOWS WORLD WHAT A DISASTER LOOKS LIKE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LYBURN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, stand-ing before almost entirely White crowds in North Carolina, Michigan, Virginia, and Ohio, candidate Donald Trump painted a bleak picture of Afri-can-American life in 2016, full of crime, high poverty, and failing schools. He went on to say, ‘‘It is a disaster the way African Americans are living,’’ and asked, ‘‘What the hell do you have to lose?’’ In just 3 short weeks, Mr. Speaker, President Trump has shown the world exactly what a disaster looks like. He has put a White supremacist in the White House as his chief political ad-viser. He has given us an Attorney Gen-eral who spent the last 30-plus years working against civil and voting rights. He has appointed a shamefully ill-prepared Secretary of Education whose only qualification seems to be her ability to contribute millions to Republic candidates in what can only be described as the textbook definition of pay to play. Candidate Trump promised to be the hero of working people, but President Trump is doing the exact opposite. His actions tell a lot more than his tweets. His Cabinet is full of millionaires, many with ethical challenges and con-flicts of interest. He has already raised the cost of mortgages for many Ameri-cans. He is proposing that we abandon the overtime rule that would ensure bigger paychecks for working people. He is working to dismantle Wall Street reform and is proposing a border tax that would give corporations a huge tax break while costing working men and women more on groceries, clothes, and other goods. The policies of the Trump adminis-tration are an extension of the policies that Republics in the House have pushed for years. To candidate Trump’s question what do you have to lose, for starters, your voice at the ballot box. A free and fair election is the hallmark of democratic governance, yet the Trump administration and Republics in Congress continue to threaten this basic pillar of democracy. They have promulgated blatant falsehoods about voter fraud, sowing fear and distrust. They have worked and are working across the country to prevent people of color from voting. They are refusing to investigate Russian interference in our elections and are currently moving leg-islation through the House of Rep-resentatives to eliminate the only Fed-eral agency tasked with helping Ameri-cans vote and protecting our voting machines from hacking. As President Trump and his spokespeople continue to make demon-strably false claims about widespread voter fraud and cozying up to the coun-try that attacked our democracy, House Republics just passed out of committee H.R. 634, legislation to eliminate the only Federal agency tasked with certifying the security of our voting machines, the Election As-sistance Commission. Forty-seven out of fifty States rely on the EAC’s voting machine certifi-cation program in some capacity. A re-cent report by the Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology concluded, ‘‘Voting machines are neither secure nor complex. In general, these stripped- down computers utilizing outdated op-erating systems possess virtually every conceivable vulnerability that a device can have.’’ In my home State of South Carolina, we currently use voting machines that were rejected by the State of Ohio in 2007 for being ‘‘buggy, unstable and ex-ploitable.’’ And even though machines are not supposed to be connected to the internet, they are well past their shelf life and, therefore, more likely to break down, crash, and produce errors. Replacing these outdated machines with updated ones will cost a signifi-cant amount of money, and the burden is on the States to do so. Mr. Speaker, if House Republics are serious about election integrity, they ought to stop working to prevent peo-ple of color and start investing in vot-ing infrastructure. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 6 min-utes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Our fervent prayer, O God, is that people will learn to live together in reconciliation and respect, so that the terrors of war, and of dictatorial abuse, will be no more. Guide our hearts and minds, that every person of every place and back-ground might focus on Your great gift of life, and so learn to live in unity. May Your special blessings be upon the Members of this assembly in the important, sometimes difficult, work they do. Give them wisdom and char-ity, that they might work together for the common good. May all that is done this day in the people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. T
ROTT ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. TROTT led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will entertain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S FIDUCIARY DUTY RULE (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, earlier this month, President Donald Trump released a Presidential memorandum on the fiduciary duty rule, and I am grateful that President Trump has directed the Labor Sec-retary to thoroughly study this de-structive rule. Under the Obama administration, the Department of Labor released an in-comprehensible fiduciary rule that in-creased the cost of financial planning, reducing retirement advice for Amer-ican families and destroying jobs. Families all over America are strug-gling to save for their retirement, and I applaud the President’s swift action to study the harmful effects of this rule. I am confident the study will re-sult in a delay or revision of this ridic-ulous regulation of 1,023 pages to define a profession. I will continue to advance legislation calling for a delay of 2 years to give Congress and the administration time to reassess the regulation. I appreciate the positive insight of the National As-sociation of Insurance and Financial Advisers who promoted reforms for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.013 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1137 February 14, 2017 
hardworking American families saving for retirement, and creating jobs. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may we never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S ATTACKS AGAINST THE CITY OF CHICAGO (Mr. QUIGLEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, there are few places that encapsulate all our country has to offer more than my home city of Chicago. The strengths of the Nation can be seen in every corner of my district, where we celebrate di-versity, passion, and resilience. This includes our immigrant communities, and I am proud to represent one of the most welcoming cities to those seeking a better life in America. That is why it is ridiculous to hear the President continue his bizarre bar-rage of attacks against our great city with his newest and most misguided claim yet, that elevated gun violence in Chicago stems from undocumented immigrants. Not only do his comments do nothing to address the gun violence problem in Chicago, but they are just plain wrong. Like most major cities, we struggle with violence and encourage construc-tive assistance. But studies have shown that immigration has no effect on crime rates. In fact, researchers have found immigrants generally have the strongest incentives to avoid activity that will put them in contact with the criminal justice system. The President should stop attacking the most vulnerable members of our so-ciety and, instead, look for pragmatic, commonsense policies to support com-prehensive immigration reform and gun violence prevention. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MIKE ILITCH (Mr. TROTT asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the passing of a great American, Mike Ilitch. Born to Macedonian immigrants on the west side of Detroit, Mike Ilitch be-came one of the most successful busi-nessmen in the history of our country. From humble beginnings, he built one of the largest food, sports, and enter-tainment empires of our time. He per-sonified the American Dream, a con-stant reminder that anyone from any-where who is willing to work hard and dream big can enjoy the opportunities in America. However, he was more than an icon. He was a pillar of our community. Dur-ing our city’s most challenging times, he never turned his back. When so many others gave up on Detroit, he never lost faith in the resilience of the city and the people he loved so much. All of us who have enjoyed ‘‘pizza- pizza,’’ or Redwings hockey, or Tiger baseball, or the Fox Theatre know of Mike Ilitch’s success. But what we will miss most is Mr. I’s kindness, gen-erosity, and compassion for others. f 
BIOMETRIC SCANNING AT THE NORTHERN BORDER (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express con-cern about the President’s executive order wherein he supports the use of bi-ometric scanning at all northern bor-der crossings, including the crossing between the United States and Canada at Buffalo. The President’s biometric scanning plan would effectively shut down the Peace Bridge, which is the busiest northern border crossing for passenger vehicles, and second for commercial ve-hicles, thus stopping the movement of traffic and trade, and creating a wall- like effect between the United States and Canadian relations. Canada is not our enemy. We are friends and trading partners. In my Buffalo district, we border Southern Ontario, the most populated province of all of Canada; and the Peace Bridge moves $30 billion in commerce, rep-resenting $230 billion in economic ac-tivity, and 1 million jobs. The biometric scan plan for the northern border is unworkable and an unnecessary barrier between friendship and trade. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ED MOORE (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Ed Moore, who was truly a pillar of our commu-nity in northern Indiana. In 1979, Ed founded the Christian radio station, WFRN, which has been a beacon of faith and joy to its family of listeners for nearly 4 decades. I have had the privilege of visiting the WFRN studio many times over the past 5, 6 years. Each time, I saw Ed’s passion for serving the Lord and helping listeners strengthen their faith. WFRN has had such a positive impact on so many lives, and Ed’s legacy is that it will continue to do so. In announcing Ed’s passing, his fam-ily noted they were saddened, yet re-joicing, because Ed is with the Lord. Mr. Speaker, I join Ed’s children, Doug, Steve, and Rachelle, his 11 grandchildren, and the entire WFRN family in mourning Ed’s passing, cele-brating his life, and rejoicing that today he is with the Lord. HOUSE REPUBLICANS REFUSE TO INVESTIGATE THE SWAMP (Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, the House of Representatives is a separate and coequal branch of government. And yet, House Republicans refuse to inves-tigate the swamp of corruption that is percolating at 1600 Pennsylvania Ave-nue. Michael Flynn has resigned in dis-grace. And yet, the Trump administra-tion has jeopardized our national secu-rity by continuing to play footsie with Vladimir Putin and the Russians. House Republicans have done nothing. It is impossible to figure out where the Trump family business ends and the White House begins, yet House Re-publicans have done nothing. Seventeen different intelligence agencies have concluded that the Rus-sians interfered in the election to help Donald Trump, yet House Republicans have done nothing. It is time for House Republicans to investigate this White House and stop acting like puppets of the Trump ad-ministration. The American people de-serve answers. What exactly did Donald Trump know, and when did he know it? f 
VOTE AGAINST EXECUTIVE OVERREACH (Mr. MARCHANT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, at the 11th hour, the Obama administration’s Labor Department issued a rule that stonewalled bipartisan changes to the unemployment insurance program. These changes were made so that tax dollars would be used in a more effi-cient and more effective manner. It has been 5 years since Congress passed legislation giving the States the discretion on drug-testing policy for unemployment applicants. Using delay tactics, the previous administration prevented that law from ever being im-plemented as designed. This kind of executive overreach im-pedes the ability of States to ensure that the unemployment insurance pro-gram accomplishes its intended pur-pose, and that is to promote reemploy-ment. In Texas, we take the job of fiscal re-sponsibility very seriously. This week, Congress is responding to that over-reach by the previous administration. We hope that Congress will take that responsibility very seriously. I urge my colleagues to vote against the execu-tive overreach and to vote for H.J. Res. 42. 
f 
INVESTING IN A WORKING GOVERNMENT (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.015 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1138 February 14, 2017 
House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, recent executive actions have re-sulted in confusion, demonstrations, and late-night court rulings. Many ex-ecutive orders have been announced with little notice, and the American people have had to wait hours after-wards to see the text. Federal agencies have also been blindsided by these orders. The Sec-retary of Homeland Security found out about the President’s immigration or-ders through cable news. In some cases, the President himself has been uncer-tain of what his executive orders con-tain. Sir, we need transparency today. Congress has a responsibility to elimi-nate this confusion and make sure that executive actions are clear and trans-parent to all Americans. That is why I am introducing the Ex-ecutive Order Transparency Act. This one-page bill requires that all execu-tive orders be posted on the White House website 72 hours before each is signed. This simple bill is an invest-ment in a working government, and I urge all my colleagues to join me. 
f 
THE MILITARY NEEDS MORE EN-LISTED MEN AND WOMEN NOT MORE OFFICERS (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, in Scott Berg’s biography on Woodrow Wilson, it says that, in World War I, we had one officer for ever 30 en-listed men. President Eisenhower once said we had too many officers when we had one officer for every nine enlisted. Now we have one officer for every 4
1⁄2to 5 en-listed. We are almost overrun with re-tired admirals and generals. This is very expensive. President Trump wants to greatly ex-pand the numbers in our Armed Forces. If we do, what we need is more enlisted men and women, not more officers. I started in the Army as enlisted and left as a captain, but we simply can’t afford as many officers as we have today. We now have 475,000 retired offi-cers drawing military pensions and 1,500,000 enlisted retirees. These two million military retirees, and those near retirement, should be demanding more fiscal conservatism by the Pen-tagon, or, in the very near future, we will not be able to pay our military pensions with money that will buy very much. 
f 
REAUTHORIZATION OF THE ELEC-TION ASSISTANCE COMMISSION (Mr. CLYBURN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to cosponsor H.R. 794, which will reauthorize the Election Assistance Commission until 2022, provide pay-ments to the States to upgrade the se-curity of voter registration databases, and require an assessment of each State’s voting systems. Foreign hackers targeted the voter registration databases in more than 20 States in 2016. Candidate Trump en-couraged hackers to target his oppo-nent. He won the election and con-tinues to cozy up to Russia. And now, House Republics are mov-ing to eliminate the EAC, a key force in combating foreign cybersecurity at-tacks against our democracy. ‘‘What do you have to lose?’’ can-didate Trump asked. Try free and fair elections, Mr. Speaker. I urge my Republic colleagues to put country before party and stand up for American democracy. Stop trying to suppress minority voters. Support an independent commission to investigate Russian meddling in our election. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 150TH BIRTH-DAY OF LITTLE RIVER COUNTY, ARKANSAS (Mr. WESTERMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a milestone for Little River County, Arkansas. On March 5, the county will celebrate its 150th birthday. According to the Encyclopedia of Ar-kansas, Little River County came into existence following an act of the Ar-kansas General Assembly, officially separating from Hempstead and Sevier Counties in 1867. During its century and a half, the citizens of Little River County have shown resilience and innovation as they weathered the Great Depression, sent its men to fight in World War II, and grew the local economy in the years since. In recent years, Little River County has withstood severe flooding, but they have come back strong and resilient. Little River County is blessed with natural resources, including forestry, agriculture, and minerals that all pro-vide the inputs for manufacturing jobs that play a big role in the local econ-omy, and will continue to do so in Lit-tle River’s next 150 years. I am proud to call Little River Coun-ty part of the Fourth Congressional District, and I congratulate its citizens on 150 years of progress. 
f 
b1215 RESIGNATION OF MICHAEL FLYNN (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, Michael Flynn’s resignation does not close the book on the administration’s coziness with Russia. It confirms the urgent need for a bipartisan investigation of Russia’s ties to the Trump administra-tion and its ongoing influence. It con-firms the urgent need for the President to release his tax returns so the Amer-ican people can see any business ties that the President has to Russia. We need a full, independent inquiry into not just the actions of Michael Flynn in one conversation with the Vice President, but the ongoing con-nections between the administration and Russia, because the one thing we know for sure is it doesn’t stop there. President Trump’s fawning praise of Putin and the previous resignation of other aides over their Russian ties made it clear that this is a problem that goes beyond General Flynn. What we have learned over the past 24 hours is that colluding with a for-eign government or lying to the Vice President and others is not what brought Flynn down. It seems that it was only the disclosure of those lies that made it untenable for Flynn to re-main. The White House was apparently okay with everything until the Amer-ican people found out. We need to find out what else the White House and President Trump doesn’t want us to know about their connection to the foreign power that interfered with our election, and we need to start today. f 
IT IS THE MEDIA’S CHOICE (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the liberal national media have two choices. First, they can continue their dis-like—some would call it hatred—of President Trump that results in se-verely slanted coverage. This is the road to self-destruction. The media’s credibility has hit a record low, and the American people soon will stop looking to them for news. Or, second, the liberal national media can start covering President Trump ob-jectively. This means not portraying his actions in the worst possible light but sometimes giving President Trump the benefit of the doubt. It means giv-ing his side of the story. It means, most of all, recognizing that President Trump represents the legitimate hopes and fears of millions of Americans. If the liberal national media con-tinue to treat President Trump unlike they would a Democrat, the public will grow tired of the double standard. The American people have an innate sense of fairness, which the media should not ignore. For their own sake and for the sake of our democracy, the media should change their ways. 
f 
REPEAL WITHOUT REPLACEMENT WOULD BE DEVASTATING (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.017 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1139 February 14, 2017 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, Repub-licans are moving ahead with the re-peal of ObamaCare—but years later, after all the talk, they still have no re-placement. Six weeks into control of this Congress and of this government— all branches—there is no plan. From today’s Politico, it reads: ‘‘House conservatives . . . are plotting a major push to repeal the law imme-diately without simultaneously ap-proving an alternative.’’ The consequences of Republican re-peal without replacement are dev-astating: 30 million Americans would lose health coverage. People could be kicked off their coverage. They would not be allowed coverage if they have a preexisting condition. Young people could be kicked off their parents’ plans. In recent weeks, Republicans have been bombarded with messages from their constituents sending a clear mes-sage that the Affordable Care Act re-peal would be devastating to their fam-ily. It would be devastating to real peo-ple like Jia Ireland, my constituent, who, before ACA, had no health insur-ance. Because of Medicaid expansion, she and 600,000 other Michiganders have coverage. We cannot lose access to health care in this country. We ought not do that. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP MUST RE-LEASE HIS INCOME TAX RE-TURNS (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I had a town hall in Memphis on Saturday. We had over 1,000 people there, and over 10,000 people live streamed on Facebook. Many were concerned about Russia’s influence with this adminis-tration. Something smells. It would be like a vegan going and talking about how much they were supporting the Beef and Dairy Council, or that Chick-fil-A cow going up and saying: Eat more chicken. There is something else to it. There is an ulterior motive. This President’s love affair with Rus-sia, his constant support for Russia and Putin—one of the most villainous lead-ers on the face of this Earth—spells a problem. We need to get to the bottom of it, and one way we will find out is through his taxes. Mr. Speaker, I urge the President to release his income taxes to the Amer-ican people. It is so important to us having confidence in his administra-tion and to our government’s ability to withstand an evil power, as Ronald Reagan called them. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 66, DISAPPROVING RULE SUBMITTED BY DEPART-MENT OF LABOR RELATING TO SAVINGS ARRANGEMENTS BY STATES FOR NON-GOVERN-MENTAL EMPLOYEES, AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 67, DISAPPROVING RULE SUBMITTED BY DEPART-MENT OF LABOR RELATING TO SAVINGS ARRANGEMENTS BY QUALIFIED STATE POLITICAL SUBDIVISIONS FOR NON-GOVERN-MENTAL EMPLOYEES Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 116 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: H. R ES. 116 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House any joint resolution specified in sec-tion 2 of this resolution. All points of order against consideration of each such joint res-olution are waived. Each such joint resolu-tion shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in each such joint resolution are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on each such joint resolution and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce; and (2) one motion to recommit. S
EC. 2. The joint resolutions referred to in the first section of this resolution are as fol-lows: (a) The joint resolution (H.J. Res. 66) dis-approving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of Labor relating to savings arrange-ments established by States for non-govern-mental employees. (b) The joint resolution (H.J. Res. 67) dis-approving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of Labor relating to savings arrange-ments established by qualified State polit-ical subdivisions for non-governmental em-ployees. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Res-olution 116 provides for consideration of two joint resolutions designed to protect working families by blocking harmful regulations through the Con-gressional Review Act process. In 1974, Congress passed and Presi-dent Gerald Ford signed the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, or ERISA. This legislation, which has broad and bipartisan support, sets standards for employer-provided retire-ment plans to protect the workers of the United States of America. This reg-ulatory framework for employer-pro-vided retirement plans has been largely successful at helping working families save for retirement over the last 40 years. Unfortunately, in the waning days of his administration, President Obama put forward regulations to uproot this system that has worked for decades. The Obama administration’s rules would pave the way for government- run IRAs—for bureaucrat-run IRAs— managed by States and certain munici-palities. Employees in several States would be forced to automatically en-roll in these government- and bureau-crat-run IRAs that are not subject to the important protections established by ERISA. In other words, in the waning days of the Obama administration, they sought to take back from workers the protec-tions that were given to them when ERISA was passed 40 years ago. Let me say that again. Workers’ ERISA pro-tections will be out the window for those people in these government- and bureaucrat-run plans. These regulations remove important protections for American workers as they relate to their retirement plans. American consumers would be directly hurt by this regulation were it to go forward. Just as bad, workers would have less control over their retirement savings. Withdrawals or roll-over investments to a private-sector account could be re-stricted and even penalized. These regulations would create dis-incentives for small businesses to offer their retirement plans and invest in their employees’ retirement, resulting in fewer options for workers. Instead, smaller employers will likely simply shift their employees on to these government- and bureaucrat-run plans. These regulations could also create a confusing patchwork of rules that vary State to State or, even worse, city to city. This confusion would directly hurt the consumer. Another concern with pushing people on to government- and bureaucrat-run retirement plans is that taxpayers would end up footing the bill. We have seen how poorly managed many State and city pension plans have been all over this country. If these government- run IRAs are also mismanaged, tax-payers may be asked to pay and to honor the government’s promises. Ultimately, these regulations are simply another attempt to exert con-trol over the American people with a ‘‘government knows best’’ policy. Mr. Speaker, the American people are not children that need direction from their parents. They should not be forced by the heavy hand of the govern-ment and faceless bureaucrats to ob-tain certain plans the government 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.018 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1140 February 14, 2017 
likes that they may not need or want. People are free today to decide whether they want their IRAs or not. This will put them in a position where they can be forced to have them whether they want them or not. We have seen the problems caused when the government tries to tell the American people what to do or what the government thinks is best for them. These types of heavy-handed policies simply do not work and they are counter to the principles our coun-try was founded on. So these two bills would use the Con-gressional Review Act process to block these anti-consumer regulations from taking effect. By passing these two bills, we will protect working families, we will support our Nation’s small businesses, and we will be shielding the taxpayers from potential liabilities. As I pointed out last week on this floor, just because we pass these bills using the CRA does not mean we can-not continue working toward solutions that improve our Nation’s retirement programs. Just as the CRA gives Con-gress power to block regulations, the legislative branch can also give agen-cies further instructions and directions if a regulation is needed at some point in the future. As a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, I look for-ward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to find solutions to help Americans save for their retire-ment. Attempting to use the regu-latory pen to skate around ERISA and its important protections is just not the right answer. So I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this rule and these pro- consumer bills and protect American families, workers, and their retirement plans. I reserve the balance of my time. b1230 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) for yielding me the cus-tomary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, we are less than 2 months into 2017, and today we have another closed rule, or as I call them, ‘‘Putin rules.’’ This is how they operate in Russia—no deliberation. It is simply astonishing that here in the people’s House we continue to have this closed process: no amendments, no debate, no nothing, completely shut down. I have very serious concerns about the road we are traveling down. The 115th Congress is only 6 weeks old, and we have already ushered in a process that is alarmingly restrictive. It should distress not just Democrats, but Republicans as well. This is now the norm and is very, very sad. Mr. Speaker, today’s rule would pave the way for the House to repeal two important consumer protections that help working families save for retire-ment. These protections went through a very lengthy process of review. We are repealing these protections without the committees of jurisdiction having any chance to weigh in and in a rushed process that is completely closed. These protections, as I said, were re-viewed by the relevant agencies; they were subjected to public commentary; and we are bringing them to the floor to repeal them without even giving the committees of jurisdiction an oppor-tunity to actually discuss these bills, to discuss whether this makes sense. Mr. Speaker, America is facing a re-tirement savings crisis, and rules like this—I should say, protections like this—are essential to helping workers plan for the future. As of today, 55 mil-lion Americans lack access to a way to save for retirement out of their regular paycheck. As a result, nearly half of all workers have no retirement assets. Yet we know that employees are 15 times more likely to save just by having ac-cess to a workplace retirement plan. These programs are a commonsense so-lution for working families and small businesses. Republicans should be working to strengthen programs like these, not rip them apart. If you have a problem and you want to make a tweak, maybe you ought to work with the agency to make that tweak, but not an outright repeal. Quite frankly, Mr. Speaker, pushing dangerous bills like this in a closed process with no debate is a lousy way to conduct the people’s business. But with the avalanche of alternative facts coming out of the Trump White House every day, it should be no surprise that the House Republican majority on Cap-itol Hill is carrying on in such a heavy- handed way. God forbid, in the people’s House, we should actually deliberate and have debate and have the kind of give-and-take that the American peo-ple expect. Mr. Speaker, as bad as this process is, as bad as dismantling the rules and regulations put in place to protect the savings of working families is, I would like to take a few minutes to talk about something that is very serious and troubling to the American people. Mr. Speaker, this administration reg-ularly goes on TV and appears before the press—and let me say this as plain-ly as I can—and consistently spouts falsehoods. Now, I am told, Mr. Speak-er, that under the rules and precedents of the House that there are certain things that cannot be said. Mr. Speak-er, as a member of the Rules Com-mittee and as somebody who respects the precedents of the House, I am going to be very polite in how I respond here today. I will speak plainly, but po-litely. I want people to understand that I would like to say things much strong-er based on what is happening in this country and based on what is hap-pening in this administration. Mr. Speaker, I certainly wouldn’t want to do anything to hurt anybody’s feelings, but it is troubling what is happening, the falsehoods and fabrica-tions that we hear each and every day. Some of it is trivial and some of it is silly, like saying that his inaugural crowd size was bigger than President Obama’s. Who cares? But some are more sinister and more dangerous, like the claim that 3 mil-lion to 5 million ‘‘illegal aliens’’ voted for his opponent in the 2016 Presi-dential election. Every fact checker, every Secretary of State, both Repub-licans and Democrats, say this is abso-lutely false. There is no basis for this falsehood. It undermines confidence in our political system. My fear is that the real purpose of this claim is to put in place policies to restrict voter rights in order to make it more difficult for people to vote in this country. Mr. Speaker, every day it feels like President Trump and his White House are trying to set a new record in terms of misinformation. There are so many falsehoods coming out of this White House, it makes me nostalgic for Nixon. President Trump, in a meeting with U.S. Senators last week, repeated an-other falsehood, that he only lost New Hampshire because thousands of Mas-sachusetts residents were bussed to the State to vote illegally. This is simply not true. There is no basis for this statement. This is similar to the Presi-dent’s fabrication that 3 million to 5 million votes were cast illegally in the 2016 election. Plain and simple, Presi-dent Trump and his White House staff continue to provide zero evidence to back up their claims of voter fraud. On Sunday, when top White House aide Stephen Miller was asked about the judiciary challenging President Trump’s unconstitutional Muslim ban, he aggressively attacked critics and said that ‘‘the powers of the President to protect our country are very sub-stantial and will not be questioned.’’ The powers of the President will not be questioned. I couldn’t believe my ears when I heard that. President Trump might talk a lot about his love for Vladimir Putin, but this is not Russia. This is the United States of America. We have checks and balances to stop authoritarianism. Kellyanne Conway, when she is not giv-ing free commercials for the Trump family business on the taxpayers’s dime, is making up stories about the Bowling Green massacre, a terrorist at-tack which never happened, and spout-ing alternative facts on a daily basis. The latest falsehood from the Trump White House is one of the most serious yet. In repeated interviews, both Vice President M
IKEPENCE and National Se-curity Adviser Michael Flynn—I should be saying now, former National Secu-rity Adviser Michael Flynn—said that Flynn did not speak with Russian offi-cials about U.S. sanctions before Presi-dent Trump took office. A new report shows that that is blatantly false. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.020 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1141 February 14, 2017 
After the U.S. intelligence commu-nity overwhelmingly agreed that Rus-sia had actively meddled in our 2016 Presidential election to tip the result in favor of Donald Trump, President Obama announced strong sanctions against Russia, including expelling 35 Russian diplomats or agents from U.S. soil. When Vladimir Putin responded by saying that they would not expel any U.S. officials in Russia—what many expected he would not do—a lot of red flags were raised. A new report now shows that, in the 24 hours that followed, Michael Flynn communicated with Russian Government officials about the sanctions and may have ac-tively undermined U.S. foreign policy weeks before Donald Trump even took the oath of office. And now we know that last month the Justice Depart-ment informed the White House of Flynn’s deception of the Vice President and of the American people in the days immediately following the inaugura-tion. Mr. Speaker, this is outrageous, and the fact that President Trump did not immediately fire Michael Flynn as soon as this came to light is stunning. I guess he was too concerned about crowd size rather than a deeply com-promised national security adviser. Mr. Speaker, getting rid of Flynn is not enough. President Trump must stop the blatant and dangerous false-hoods coming from his White House. We need a full and independent and bi-partisan investigation not only under the purview of the intelligence com-mittees; we need to have a full inves-tigation out in the open so the Amer-ican people actually know what hap-pened and know how many others were involved in Flynn’s undermining of our national security. Who knew what when? Was Donald Trump aware of these unauthorized talks with Russia while President Obama was enforcing sanc-tions? The American people deserve the truth. They deserve transparency. They deserve this Congress to actually do proper oversight. One of the most troubling parts of all this is that the American people would have been completely in the dark if it were not for the hardworking journal-ists and patriotic U.S. officials who helped bring this outrageous scandal to light. Now, more than ever, we need to support freedom of the press, to hold President Trump and his White House accountable. The Republicans in Congress need to start doing their job by exercising the strong oversight needed. President Trump needs to know that he answers to the American people and he and no President is above the law. Mr. Speaker, America’s hardworking families deserve a Congress that puts them first and a President and a White House that tells the truth instead of spreading falsehoods to stir up fear and advance a dangerous and extreme agen-da. We can have policy disagreements, but you have to tell the truth. You can’t just make stuff up. As we are seeing with this adminis-tration, alternative facts are con-tagious. The White House is rapidly losing the public’s trust, and every day that Congress fails to hold the Trump White House accountable, we are losing the public’s trust as well. Members of Congress, both Demo-crats and Republicans, have a responsi-bility to stand up for the truth and hold the President and his White House accountable. We are here to serve the American people, and they need to know that we are fighting for them, not serving as a rubber stamp for this administration. I urge my colleagues to vote against this rule, and I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I appreciate the gentleman from Massachusetts’ remarks. We are not here today to talk about Russia, but I do remember about a month ago when we were on this floor counting elec-toral college votes, my colleague from Massachusetts objected to the Elec-toral College votes from my home State of Alabama because of Russian interference. I want to put his mind at rest. As a Representative of Alabama, I think I can say with complete confidence that the Russians had no influence over the Presidential vote in the State of Ala-bama last November. We get our elec-toral information like most people in America do: from watching FOX News or something like that. But in the fall, in Alabama, we are also paying real close attention to col-lege football. So far from letting Rus-sian influence have anything to do with our vote in Alabama, we were doing what most people in America were doing and paying close attention to college football. We gave no more credence to what the Russians think about our political votes in Alabama than we do to what they think about our college football teams. But let’s get back to the substance of his remarks. He says that there is no debate. This rule provides for at least 2 hours of debate, perhaps more if we get into motions to recommit. And the truth of the matter is, under the Con-gressional Review Act, the actual form of these laws are prescribed by statute. We have no control over what can be in them. We can either vote for them or against them. And we are going to have clear debate—over 2 hours, maybe more—whether we are going to vote for or against it. There are people who are going to vote for them, and there are people who are going to vote against them, and people are going to have reasons for doing each. That is standard order here in the House. I think the Amer-ican people would agree, on these sorts of fundamental things when you know what is simply in them, that is plenty of debate. He calls these regulations that we seek to overturn ‘‘consumer protec-tions.’’ But remember what I said ear-lier: They take these employer plans, these IRA plans that are forced by the government, they take them out from the protections of ERISA. They take consumer protection away from the people that have these plans. So far from being consumer protection regu-lations, they are anticonsumer protec-tion regulations. They are antiworker. So what is really going on here is this is not some effort—or was some ef-fort by the Obama administration—to protect workers. It is an effort to try to get government more involved in people’s lives, and the people of Amer-ica don’t want the government more involved in their lives. The gentleman mentioned that there are 55 million people in America today who don’t have a retirement plan. Every one of those 55 million people have access, if they choose to get it, to an IRA. Anybody can set up an IRA. You don’t need your employer to set it up for you. You sure don’t need the government to set it up for you. There are plenty of people around the coun-try that will help you set it up, and it is pretty easy, pretty simple. Maybe some of these people, or a lot of these people that don’t have them, don’t want them. So why would the government come in and tell them you have got to have them unless your real interest here is in empowering govern-ment and not protecting consumers? I will leave it to you to make the deci-sion what the real motive was here. b1245 Now, the gentleman talked about the fact that these come to us without going through the committees of juris-diction; but, as I said earlier, because the form of these bills are prescribed by statute, there is really nothing for the committees of jurisdiction to do. But he will be glad to know that I am informed that, after we come back from the Presidents Day week break, there will be a number of bills coming to the floor that will have, in fact, gone through the committees of juris-diction, including bills, I predict, that will both repeal and replace the Afford-able Care Act. So there is going to be plenty of things coming through reg-ular order to this floor. But as we go through the Congres-sional Review Act process, we are pret-ty constrained in what we can say and not say in these bills, and we are sim-ply following that which is prescribed by statute. As I said earlier, we can all decide, based upon that statutorily pre-scribed form for what we do, whether we are for it or we are against it, whether we want to force workers in America to get some government- forced type IRA and take them out from the protections of ERISA, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.022 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1142 February 14, 2017 
whether we want to let them have their freedom and keep the protections of ERISA. We want to keep freedom for the American people. We want to keep freedom for the American workers, and we sure want them to keep the protec-tions they have had for over 40 years under ERISA and not take those pro-tections away from them so that we can force something down their throat from some government-bureaucrat-run plan. Getting back to what we are here to talk about today, we are here to re-verse ill-considered regulations in the waning days of the Obama administra-tion that hurt the American workers. By adopting this rule and by adopting these two pieces of legislation, we pro-tect the American workers. I hope all of us are here to do exactly that. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. The gentleman is correct, I did rise to object to certifying the electoral college vote. Part of it was because I was appalled by the unprecedented Russian interference in our election system. I would urge the gentleman to read—maybe he doesn’t want to read the classified version of the report—the unclassified version of the report. It is pretty outrageous. That is why so many of us have been calling for an independent bipartisan commission to investigate this. But the other reason why I objected was because of voter suppression. I would say to the gentleman that that is an equally serious issue, that there is still voter suppression in the United States of America, and it is something that we need to deal with. I worry very much under the Republican majority and under this White House that we are going to see more of an effort to re-strict people’s right to vote. Now, the gentleman is trying to paint a rosy picture about what we are doing here. I mean, we have had 13 closed rules, 6 structured rules, zero modified open rules, zero open rules. By the end of this week, we will be a third of the way to breaking the record for the Republicans’ most closed Con-gress in the history of the United States, and we are still in February. My friends have outdone themselves in terms of closing up this process, of shutting people out from participation. The fact of the matter is, as I men-tioned, these protections that the Re-publicans want to repeal went through a long process, lots of review within the agencies, lots of public com-mentary, a long time to develop these protections. Now, if the Republicans aren’t happy with it, one of the things they might do is they could bring up these rules in the form of legislation where we could have an open process, and people can amend and add and change and do whatever they want to do to make it better, if that is what they want to do. But that is not what they are inter-ested in. It is all about a press release. This is mindless legislating. When committees of jurisdiction do not do their job, do not hold hearings, do not do markups, and all of a sudden the Rules Committee just reports some-thing out and sends it to the floor under a closed rule, that is mindless legislating. By the way, I am on the Rules Committee. I don’t think that we have yet had a single bill come before the Rules Committee that went through committee. I am happy I am on the Rules Committee. At least you see a little action going on, but I feel bad if you are on any of these other committees. This is a lousy way to do business, and I am shocked that my Republican friends come to the floor and defend the indefensible. This is not the way this House should be run. This is the kind of process, as I said at the open-ing, you would expect to see in Russia, not here in the United States Congress. Different ideas should be debated. Peo-ple ought to have an opportunity to have their voices be heard. But yet here, in this House of Representa-tives—which will break records in terms of being the most restrictive Congress, I think, in history—the name of the game is to try to shut people out. I think that is wrong. I think my Republican friends should be ashamed of the way they are conducting them-selves in this Congress. This is not right. I just point that out because I think it is important for people to note that, by the end of this week, my Republican friends will be a third of the way to breaking their own record for the most restrictive Congress in history, with the most closed rules. That is some-thing that I don’t think anyone should be proud of. But it is the new norm here: shut everything down, shut ev-erybody out. I think that results in bad legislation and, again, mindless legis-lating like we are doing here today. Mr. Speaker, we are all deeply con-cerned, as I mentioned in my opening statement, with the reports from our intelligence community regarding po-tential foreign interference in our most recent election. Everybody should be. Mr. Speaker, I am going to ask people to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative S
WALWELL ’s and Representative C
UMMINGS ’ bill which would create a bipartisan com-mission to investigate foreign inter-ference in our 2016 election. With the revelations about General Flynn com-ing to light, and all that we know about his dealings with the Russians, this is extremely timely. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, to dis-cuss our proposal, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. S
WALWELL ). Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. M
CGOVERN for his work on this issue. I love my country, and I don’t doubt that every one of my colleagues in this Chamber also loves this country. I admire every man and woman who has so bravely fought to defend it. After all, this is a country, this is a democracy worth defending. That is actually what defeating this previous question would take us to, the question of is this democracy still worth defending. This past election, our democracy was attacked. The attack was elec-tronic, and it was nearly invisible. It came from a foreign adversary in Rus-sia, ordered by Vladimir Putin. It was intended to help Donald Trump. Most concerning, the public intelligence re-port about this attack, the last finding is, Russia intends to do this again. They are undertaking a lessons-learned campaign so they can attack the United States again and attack our al-lies, the best check against Russia through the NATO alliance. Yesterday, the President removed a rotten plank in what is a compromised platform, Michael Flynn. In 2015, he went to Russia and sat next to Vladi-mir Putin, was paid for it, and, The New York Times reported yesterday, did not disclose that in the proper way he is supposed to to the Department of Defense. Because Russia attacked us, President Obama issued sanctions against Russia on December 28. Mi-chael Flynn called Russia, its Ambas-sador, five times, at least five times, and discussed those sanctions, likely in violation of the Logan Act. He lied about it, lied to the Vice President about it, who went on national TV and defended Michael Flynn, saying it never happened. But here is what we also learned. We learned that 3 weeks ago the White House knew, because acting Attorney General Sally Yates told the White House, that Michael Flynn had lied and had put himself in a position where he could be compromised through black-mail by the Russian Government. Yet, despite knowing this, the White House allowed Michael Flynn to remain as the National Security Adviser, receive security briefings at the highest level, and advise our President on our secu-rity. All of the arrows continue to point to the Russian Government. We have more questions today than we did yes-terday about whether there were any personal, political, or financial connec-tions between President Trump, his family, his businesses, his campaign, and the Russian Government before the election and whether there are any ef-forts right now going on to pay back the Russian Government. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.024 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1143 February 14, 2017 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gen-tleman. Mr. SWALWELL of California. All of the arrows continue to point to Russia. It is not disputed that Russia carried out this attack. It is not disputed that it was ordered by President Putin. It is not disputed that they sought to help Donald Trump. It is not disputed that Donald Trump admires President Putin and can’t say a single bad thing about him. Despite disparaging our allies in Australia and Mexico, he can’t say a bad thing about Putin. In fact, he wants to ease some of the sanctions against Russia and wants to roll back the influence of NATO. Of course, while all of this is going on, the President will not show us his tax returns. With all of those arrows pointing to Russia, the American peo-ple deserve to know what was the polit-ical, personal, and financial relation-ship between the President and his team and Russia. The only way to get there is to have an independent, bipar-tisan-appointed commission. Defeating the previous question and bringing up the Protecting Our Democ-racy Act will get us one step closer. I believe that my Republican col-leagues—who love this great country as much as I do—can join us, and this can be a bipartisan quest to say that never again will we allow a foreign ad-versary to interfere in our elections. Mr. BYRNE. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, when I was a young lawyer, an old lawyer one time gave me a piece of advice that I was fortunate to never have to follow. He said: Son, when you are strong on the facts, pound on the facts. When you are strong on the law, pound on the law. If you are weak on the facts and the law, pound on the table. What we just heard is pounding on the table about Russia, and that has nothing to do with the two bills that are covered by this rule. Nothing in the bills that underlie this rule has any-thing to do with Russia. But because there is not a good argument against the rule, there is not a good argument against these bills, we are pulling up something else and pounding on the table. Let’s get back to the rule and the underlying legislation. This legislation will reverse two reg-ulations that hurt working people in America, period, end of sentence. Far from being a press release, as my col-league from Massachusetts talked about, this bill is going to pass not only this House, it is going to pass the Senate, and, yes, it is going to be signed by the President of the United States. Two of the Congressional Re-view Act bills that have already come through this House have passed the Senate and, I am told, are going to be signed by the President this week. These aren’t press releases. These aren’t messaging bills. These are pieces of legislation that are going to become law and protect American workers after an attempt by the Obama admin-istration, as it is going out the door, an attempt by them to take ERISA rights away from American workers through a regulation. I would think everybody in this body would be outraged, after 40 years of bipartisan support for ERISA, that we would think it is okay for any-body to take away workers’ ERISA rights. It is not. What we are doing today is the right thing to do, not if you are for Big Gov-ernment. But if you are for the Amer-ican worker, this is the right thing to do. Rather than pound on the table, let’s work together, pass this rule, pass this underlying legislation, and do the right thing for the American worker. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1300 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, there is one similarity with Russia and what we are doing here today, and that is the process. This is completely closed. This is totally un-democratic. There is no opportunity for amendment. There is no oppor-tunity for different opinions to be pre-sented here. So, again, this process is deeply flawed. Again, my friends on the other side of the aisle may want to defend it, but I will tell you this is unprecedented. With the number of closed rules that we have seen, you are going to break all records. My Republican friends also have the distinction of presiding over the most closed Congress in history. This will outdo that because they are moving in such a restrictive and closed way. This is not right. The idea that we are going to repeal protections with an up-or-down vote without having the committees of ju-risdiction even do a hearing, even to weigh the very points of view on this, to bring these bills to the floor like this in a way that would not allow peo-ple to improve these protections is out-rageous. But this is the new norm here. Everything is shut down. And the gentleman is right that the previous question maybe is a little bit off subject from the two underlying bills here, but as the gentleman knows, we are currently debating the rule. This is a tool used to set the House’s agenda and to prioritize consideration of legislation. For that very reason, this is, in fact, the appropriate time for us to explain to the American people what legisla-tion we would like to prioritize and what agenda we would like to pursue in this House. Because the fact of the matter is, if we offer amendments to the Rules Committee by a 9–4 vote, we are turned down. We are shut out all the time. So this is our only opportunity to be able to bring some of our priorities be-fore our fellow Members in the House and to be able to let the American peo-ple know that some of us in this House are horrified by Russian interference in our election. It is unprecedented what they did. Anybody who sat through any of the briefings or even read the un-classified report, I don’t know how you could not be horrified by the deliberate attempt to impact our elections. And yet, we can’t even get oversight in this House. The wagons have all cir-cled around the President. You can’t do anything that will make him uncom-fortable. Well, the fact of the matter is this is about more than making a President of the United States uncom-fortable. This is about defending our electoral system, defending our democ-racy. And the gentleman from California, in arguing in favor of voting ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so we can bring up a bill that would allow there to be an independent bipartisan investiga-tion of Russian interference on our election I think is even more impor-tant, given what we know about what happened with General Flynn. Many of us said, when he was being considered for the top national security spot in the White House, that this was a bad choice. Why? Well, because this is a guy who regularly peddled in con-spiracy theories, whacky conspiracy theories. Members of the intelligence commu-nity, members of our Defense Depart-ment regularly said, when he was being considered, that this was a bad choice. My Republican friends said nothing. Now we realize just how bad a choice this was and how bad the President’s judgment was in allowing a man like this to be elevated to such a high posi-tion in the White House. There are serious questions that need to be answered here. I would say to my colleagues, rather than trying to dodge and rather than trying to hide and rather than trying to frustrate at-tempts to get to the truth, there ought to be a bipartisan effort, similar to the 9/11 Commission, where people come to-gether and, in an open, transparent way so the American people know what is going on, are able to get to the truth. That is what we are trying to do here. We have no other means to be able to get our views heard—certainly not in the Rules Committee. Every amendment we offer is turned down. So I would say to my colleagues, vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. Let us be able to bring up the Swalwell-Cum-mings bill and have a vote on it. If you don’t want to do an investigation, then vote ‘‘no.’’ But this is important and, I would argue, more important than the underlying bills, given what we are faced with. This is serious business, and it is about time my friends on the other side of the aisle treated it as seri-ous business. I will just close, Mr. Speaker, by say-ing that I have served here now for 20 years, and I have gotten to know some of the finest people in this Chamber, both Democrats and Republicans. I know there are a lot of Republicans who believe, as we do on the Demo-cratic side, that we need to find out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.025 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1144 February 14, 2017 
what happened and we need to get to the truth. We don’t want to see more attempts to block investigations. I hope that those Republicans would join with us and vote ‘‘no’’ on the pre-vious question because, if you vote ‘‘no,’’ we get to bring this up, we get to vote on it, and we still get to vote on the underlying legislation. This doesn’t slow anything down; this doesn’t stop anything; but it allows us, at this very important moment, to be able to de-bate something that I know a lot of people in this country are very con-cerned about. Mr. Speaker, again, vote ‘no’ on the previous question, and vote ‘‘no’’ on this closed, restrictive Putin rule. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I agree with my colleague from Mas-sachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) that this is, indeed, serious business. Looking out for the workers of America is per-haps the most serious business that we do. We have heard a lot of speechifying about trying to do the right thing for the average person in America. On the way out the door, the Obama adminis-tration promulgated two regulations that attempt to force government- tight retirement on people when they don’t want it and take away their con-sumer protection rights under ERISA. That is very serious business. But instead of having a debate about that, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle tried to switch the subject to something else because they don’t want to have to defend the indefen-sible. These two regulations that these two CRA bills would reverse would take away protections for American workers. This debate is not closed. I com-pletely disagree with that assertion. We had a full debate on this yesterday afternoon in the Rules Committee. We devoted an hour of debate to it right now. Of course, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have chosen to chew up most of their time, instead of talking about this rule and the under-lying legislation, talking about some-thing else; but that is their right if that is what they want to do. If they had some serious debate that they wanted to have on this rule and the underlying legislation, we wouldn’t be talking about Russia. We would be talking about these bills. We would be talking about these regulations. If this rule is adopted, we will have at least 2 hours of debate here on the floor on the bills themselves, and per-haps more if there is a motion to re-commit. There is plenty of debate here. There is plenty of time to decide that you are for the American workers and protecting their consumer protection rights under ERISA or you are against American workers—either/or. It doesn’t have anything to do with Rus-sia. It has nothing to do with the Presi-dential election. It has everything to do with whether you stand with the workers of America or not. I stand with the workers of America. I think the vast majority of the people in this body want to stand with the workers of America. If they do, I hope that they will vote for this rule and vote for the underlying legislation so that we can reverse these two regula-tions. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 116 and the un-derlying joint resolutions. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 116 O FFERED BY  M
R. MCGOVERN  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 356) to establish the National Commission on Foreign Inter-ference in the 2016 Election. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 356. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. 
PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, a par-liamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman will state his parliamentary in-quiry. Mr. M
CGOVERN. My parliamentary inquiry is, are there any amendments that have been made in order under this rule? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will not interpret the measure while it is pending. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Can the Speaker re-spond to whether this is a closed rule, which means that no amendments are in order? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will not characterize the meas-ure. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Thank you, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.027 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1145 February 14, 2017 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 428, RED RIVER GRA-DIENT BOUNDARY SURVEY ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.J. RES. 42, DIS-APPROVING RULE SUBMITTED BY DEPARTMENT OF LABOR RE-LATING TO DRUG TESTING OF UNEMPLOYMENT COMPENSATION APPLICANTS Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 99 and ask for its im-mediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 99 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 428) to survey the gra-dient boundary along the Red River in the States of Oklahoma and Texas, and for other purposes. All points of order against consid-eration of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources; and (2) one motion to re-commit. S
EC. 2 Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 42) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to drug testing of unemploy-ment compensation applicants. All points of order against consideration of the joint reso-lution are waived. The joint resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the joint resolution are waived. The previous question shall be con-sidered as ordered on the joint resolution and on any amendment thereto to final pas-sage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and (2) one motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-pose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, last week, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for consideration of two impor-tant measures. First, the resolution provides for consideration of H.R. 428, the Red River Gradient Boundary Sur-vey Act. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Natural Resources Committee, and provides for a motion to recommit. In addition, the resolution provides for consideration of H.J. Res. 42, pro-viding for congressional disapproval of a rule issued by the Department of Labor with regard to drug testing. The rule provides 1 hour of debate, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee, and provides for a motion to recommit. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 428 is a product of months of negotiation between the States of Texas and Oklahoma and the Kiowa, Comanche, and Apache Tribes in my district. I am happy to have been able to work with my friend Mr. THORNBERRY to come up with a fair and equitable solution which all interested parties have agreed to. As you may know, the Red River serves as the State line separating Oklahoma and Texas. Over time, the river has moved, as much as a mile in some areas, causing landowners’ prop-erties to be affected. Instead of work-ing to resolve this, for nearly a cen-tury, the Bureau of Land Management, BLM, has been unwilling to survey a small portion of the Federal land along a 116-mile stretch of the Red River be-tween Oklahoma and Texas. H.R. 428 would direct the survey to be com-pleted, using the gradient boundary survey method that was mandated by the Supreme Court, so that ownership of the land, which has been under dis-pute, can be effectively resolved. b1315 In addition, Mr. Speaker, the rule provides for the consideration of an-other Congressional Review Act resolu-tion, which would overturn a Depart-ment of Labor rule related to drug testing for those applying for unem-ployment insurance. In 2012, the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act made a number of reforms to the unemployment insur-ance program, including overturning a 1960s-era Department of Labor ban on the screening or testing of unemploy-ment applicants for illegal drugs. The 2012 provision allowed, but did not re-quire, States to test unemployment in-surance applicants who either, one, lost their jobs due to drug use or, two, who were seeking new jobs that gen-erally required new employees to pass a drug test. Unfortunately, after 4 years and a now finalized rule, States are no closer to being able to imple-ment this sensible policy. Instead, be-cause of the Department of Labor’s overreach, three States which have en-acted necessary State law changes to implement this commonsense policy are actually now precluded from mov-ing forward with this sensible, bipar-tisan policy. Mr. Speaker, most States already limit unemployment insurance benefits or individuals who refuse to take or fail an employer drug test or who have previous employment issues with drugs. We should empower States, em-ployers, and prospective employees who are looking for work and overturn this onerous regulation. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the rule and the underlying legislation. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Okla-homa for yielding to me the customary 30 minutes for debate. I rise to debate the rule for consider-ation, which bundles together two com-pletely unrelated pieces of legislation. One is a joint resolution disapproving of a Department of Labor rule that re-lates to the drug testing of unemploy-ment compensation applicants. The other, as the gentleman just described, is the Red River Gradient Boundary Survey Act. There are many more important issues, in my opinion, that face this country at the moment, and for the life of me, I cannot figure out why my col-leagues across the aisle think that ceding Bureau of Land Management survey authority over federally owned land to the States and impugning the integrity of those who rightfully seek unemployment insurance are on the same list of important matters this body should be addressing. First, I would note the odd events that brought us here today as we oper-ate, once again, under a closed rule. I just heard the debate on the previous rule, and I was illuminated by the gen-tleman from Alabama, on the other side, who indicated that the rule wasn’t closed because we had a debate in the Rules Committee yesterday for 1 hour. A closed rule is a closed rule. It means that other Members of this body do not have an opportunity to have their amendments heard and/or made in order. We are now entering our 13th of these closed rules in a body that claimed that it was going to have open rules and regular order. On February 3, Congressman M
CCLIN-
TOCK wrote to Chairman Sessions, ask-ing that the Red River Gradient Boundary Survey Act be heard under a structured rule, which still isn’t an open rule. An amendment deadline was set, and two germane amendments with no budgetary issues were sub-mitted. Nevertheless, my Republican colleagues shut down the process and reported a closed rule. As of today, two-thirds of all of the rules issued this session by the Rules Committee have been closed rules. We should not be conducting the people’s business this way. I call on my Republican colleagues to put their unfounded fear aside and let this body operate under regular order, under open rules, or, at the very least, under structured rules. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.030 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1146 February 14, 2017 
I am dismayed to see, even when the Republican chairman of a sub-committee asks the Republican chair-man of the Rules Committee for a structured rule, that the Republican leadership sees fit to ignore that re-quest and continue this closed proc-ess—stifling ideas and debate before they can even get started. It is this kind of shifting decision-making that sows distrust and dis-appointment in the American people when they survey how business is con-ducted in their House. However, it is not just this kind of duplicitous behav-ior that undermines this institution, but, as I mentioned moments ago, a complete lack of an ability to get our priorities straight. We still have plenty of folks who are looking for jobs. We have plenty of peo-ple who are terrified that they will soon lose the health care that keeps them and their children living healthy and productive lives. We have plenty of people who are understandably con-cerned that our immigration policy has taken a deep dive into the shallow end. But we don’t come here to address these important issues. Instead, my Republican colleagues bring to the floor, week after week, legislation to undermine well-thought-out agency rules and make it increasingly difficult for our agencies to carry out their du-ties. The fact that we need to come here today and discuss the efficacy of hav-ing the Bureau of Land Management manage our Nation’s land is beyond me. For nearly 100 years, the Bureau of Land Management has conducted uncontested surveys, and now we are supposed to believe that, all of a sud-den, the agency is not following the ap-propriate standard. If folks don’t like the survey methods or think the wrong standard is being used, then one needs to go through the court system. One does not engage in the unprecedented measure of ceding to the States the Federal Government’s legitimate au-thority over Federal land. The second completely unrelated res-olution, H.J. Res. 42, overturns a De-partment of Labor rule regarding the drug testing of Americans who apply for unemployment compensation. Under the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012, States were given the authority to conduct drug tests on unemployment insurance ap-plicants under two circumstances: if the applicant were terminated from a previous job due to unlawful drug use or if the only available, suitable work were in an occupation that regularly conducts drug testing. The rule in question clarifies that oc-cupations that ‘‘regularly conduct drug testing’’ include occupations that are specifically identified in State or Fed-eral law as requiring an employee to be tested. Put another way, if a State thinks a job warrants a drug test, all it needs to do is add the job to a list. The rule strikes a balance, preserving def-erence to States while providing com-monsense clarity to the law. This is how things should be done—that is, the regulations that were in force until now, at least. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, common sense is not put to much use around here these days. Republicans want to repeal the rule because, one would have to assume, it does not go far enough in embarrassing those people who are simply trying to obtain unemployment insurance during a difficult time. Let us be crystal clear in that the only pur-pose this repeal can serve is to embar-rass folks, because there is no evidence linking those who seek unemployment insurance to increased rates of drug abuse. Be that as it may, Republicans still insist on expanding expensive and offensive drug screenings. Today, once again, we see the Repub-licans engaging in the Trumpian exer-cise of creating alternative facts. In to-day’s example, we have a resolution that is based on the blanket assump-tion that unemployed Americans use drugs. It further implies that Ameri-cans who apply for unemployment ben-efits are to blame for being unem-ployed. This implication is as un-founded as it is offensive to those hard-working Americans who find them-selves unemployed due to no fault of their own. And what do these hardworking Americans get for their troubles—a Congress dedicated to ensuring that new and well-paid jobs are there for them tomorrow? Not at all. Instead, they get a Repub-lican-led Congress that is bent on sub-jecting them to unconstitutional, of-fensive, and expensive drug tests. Like it or not, facts still matter. Here is one: a conservative estimate by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration puts the cost of drug testing at $25 to $75 per test. Because Federal law prohibits charging applicants for these tests, States would have to absorb the cost of testing thousands of unemployed work-ers. In the State of Texas, for instance, that would translate to, approxi-mately, $30 million for a single year of testing. A while back, we spent a lot of time around here talking about un-funded mandates, and somehow or an-other, this one, I guess, doesn’t fit in that category. Mr. Speaker, arbitrarily testing Americans who apply for unemploy-ment compensation runs contrary to our Constitution and is a solution in search of a problem. Being unemployed is not a sufficient reason to be sub-jected to a government-operated drug test. Proposals like this blame unem-ployed Americans for being unem-ployed. It is illegal and it is a huge waste of money. We have got some real problems that we need to address in this Congress. At some point, this Con-gress will need to get to work. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Obviously, the gentleman and I have some disagreement here, but let’s talk for a minute about the form of what we are doing. The gentleman is correct in that this rule covers two different pieces of leg-islation that don’t have anything sub-stantive in common. However, the leg-islation itself will be debated sepa-rately. We will have one debate on the Oklahoma-Texas issue, which involves the boundary between those two States and the tribal interests that are also intimately part of that. We will have a separate debate on the rule. That is the appropriate way to proceed. There is no reason to have a separate rule for each one of these debates, but it is appro-priate, as the gentleman suggested, to have two different debates because they are two different subjects. I am going to disagree with him—and I am probably being parochial in this sense—for, if you live in Oklahoma, we actually think the border between Oklahoma and Texas is pretty impor-tant. This is an issue that, frankly, was dealt with legislatively last year. This body did not vote out the bill. I actu-ally opposed it last year because it did not take care of the tribal interests in-volved and they had not been suitably dealt with. We amended the bill. Actu-ally, I should say it was brought up, but it was not taken up by the Senate. We changed it, but we kept working for many months. Chairman T
HORNBERRY  is the person who deserves most of the credit here of trying to bring the par-ties together. Also, just by way of explanation so everybody is clear, this does not settle the issue. This doesn’t force anything on the Federal Government or the two States or the tribes. It simply creates a common database. The two States have been asking for a complete survey of the contested area for many years. The BLM has refused to do that. You sim-ply can’t sort through this problem of a shifting border—set well over a cen-tury ago—with conflicting tribal inter-ests if you don’t have a common set of data here. So that is all that is being done here. I can assure you that, certainly, the tribes in question would not have con-sented to go forward if they had thought they were having a solution imposed on them. What they think they are getting is a database that will allow them to determine exactly what their interests and rights here are and, hopefully, negotiate that with the two States in question; but, if necessary, they will litigate the issue. b1330 So we see this as a reasonable effort to bring parties together where there is a great deal of confusion through no-body’s fault. And we think the BLM has been lax here and, frankly, may well be claiming things beyond its au-thority. But the survey, again, will hopefully take care of that. So I hope that eases the concerns that people have. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.032 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1147 February 14, 2017 
In terms of the drug rule, we see this as an issue where Congress made its in-tent in 2012 very clear, that is, we wanted States to have options to make these decisions for themselves. We think the Department of Labor rule made that more, rather than less, dif-ficult. We can argue over the merits of any individual treatment of people that have used illegal drugs or what the ap-propriate testing measure is or what-ever. I happen to think those decisions are best made at the State level where you have got interested parties that are more knowledgeable about local conditions than us dictating a one size fits all. So we just simply disagree on that. Finally, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ) mentioned some con-cerns about the speed with which we are acting and also the form with which we are acting. The form, frank-ly, is basically dictated by statute. The Congressional Review Act dic-tates the manner in which we can bring these items on rules to the floor, the timetable which we can operate under. If we alter that over here, then, frank-ly, we lose privilege status in the Sen-ate and the chances of succeeding actu-ally diminish pretty greatly. We think, in this case, the issues are pretty clear. These aren’t really things that need to be amended. We need to decide whether or not the regulation is appropriate or not. If you think it is, you should vote in favor of keeping the regulation as it is and against this ef-fort. If, on the other hand, you would like to see decisionmaking devolve down to the States and where we think better decisions will be made, then, you should vote in favor of the rule and the underlying legislation. So, again, I don’t think these issues are overly complex. I do think this is an important time to deal with them. Again, we have a limited period of time on the Congressional Review Act. We have a certain format. We think we are abiding within both that timeframe and that format. On the Oklahoma-Texas border issue, it is a knotty issue. It has been around for decades. There have been multiple efforts to deal with it. Most of them have faltered because we have not had the various parties arguing from a common database as to what their po-sitions are. We have asked the Bureau of Land Management repeatedly to sur-vey the affected area. They decided they didn’t want to do that. In this case, Congress says: Look, we have two sovereign States and three sovereign Indian tribes here that have a concern. We want them to be able to work it through. We want them to draw on a common set of data. So we are going to essentially make sure that that happens and hopefully we can avoid a protracted court case between the States and the Indian tribes and actually resolve an issue that needs to be had. There are literally thousands of peo-ple along this border that are not cer-tain whether or not they own the land that they have actually been farming, in some cases, for generations. There are three Indian tribes that have his-toric rights to this land that predate, frankly, the existence of Texas as a State and certainly the existence of Oklahoma as a State. They want to make sure their mineral rights issues and their land issues are appropriately handled, and they want to preserve their rights going forward if they want to litigate. Again, they need this kind of data to make those sorts of deter-minations. I commend the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ). I, again, look forward to working with my good friend from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ) on these issues. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. While we are discussing these mat-ters that my colleagues want to discuss that I don’t think are paramount or issues that are vital to America’s secu-rity, there are a plethora of issues that we could be discussing, and rightly should be. Toward that end, one of the things that the minority is given as an opportunity is to offer a previous ques-tion to the matter that is on the floor at this time. So I exercise that prerogative by as-serting that the National Security Council was established in 1947 to en-courage candid discussions between the Federal agencies charged with keeping America safe to ensure they would pro-vide the President with the best policy advice possible. For this very reason, security experts on both sides of the aisle agree that partisan politics have no place in the Council’s deliberations. With this in mind, it is deeply trou-bling that President Donald John Trump would promote Steve Bannon, his chief political adviser, to a full seat on the Council’s Principals Committee, while simultaneously relegating the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Director of National Intel-ligence to a lower status. At the very least, this sends the very dangerous signal that the Trump White House in-tends to let political calculations influ-ence its decisionmaking on the life- and-death matters of national security. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative S
TEPHANIE MURPHY ’s bill to prohibit political advisers from regularly attending National Security Council meetings. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, to dis-cuss our proposal, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY ). Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, 2 weeks ago, I introduced H.R. 804, legislation designed to ensure that the deliberations and decisions of the Na-tional Security Council are not unrea-sonably influenced by partisan politics. The bill has garnered nearly 130 co-sponsors, including the ranking mem-bers of the House Armed Services, For-eign Affairs, and Intelligence Commit-tees. It is my hope that the bill will ob-tain support from my colleagues across the aisle because the principle it seeks to vindicate has long enjoyed bipar-tisan backing. The motivation for my legislation was President Trump’s directive for-mally authorizing his chief political adviser, Stephen Bannon, to attend all meetings of the NSC and its main sub-group, the Principals Committee. This aspect of the President’s directive gen-erated concern from respected military and intelligence professionals across the ideological spectrum. For example, Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman J
OHN MCCAIN characterized Mr. Bannon’s appoint-ment as a radical departure from precedent. Former White House Chief of Staff, Defense Secretary, and CIA Director Leon Panetta observed that the last place you want to put someone who worries about politics is in a room where they are talking about national security. And the ex-chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Michael Mullen, asserted that every President has the right and responsibility to shape the National Security Council as he sees fit, but partisan politics has no place at that table. My bill would amend the 1947 law in which Congress created the NSC and established the statutory members of the Council. It would add simple lan-guage to provide that no individual whose primary or predominant respon-sibility is political in nature shall reg-ularly attend or participate in meet-ings of the NSC or the Principals Com-mittee. I want to emphasize that while I may disagree with President Trump and Mr. Bannon on a range of matters, this bill is not about any specific individual. The prohibition in my legislation would apply whether the President or political adviser in question is Repub-lican or Democrat and irrespective of their particular party views or per-sonal attributes. At its core, this bill is about fidelity to a deeply American principle: the principle that the servicemembers in our all-volunteer military, the quiet professionals in our intelligence com-munity, and the men and women who protect our homeland should never have their lives disrupted or placed at risk because of a national security pol-icymaking process that is contami-nated by partisan politics. The President is free to obtain polit-ical and policy advice from whomever 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.034 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1148 February 14, 2017 
he wishes. However, he should not be free to place a political adviser on the most vital national security policy-making body in our country. Congress created the NSC, and Congress can and should set reasonable parameters gov-erning its membership. I respectfully urge my colleagues to defeat the previous question and to support H.R. 804. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Actually, I listened with a great deal of interest to the debate from my friends on the other side. None of it had very much to do with the rule or with the underlying legislation that we are going to discuss shortly, so I don’t pretend to be an expert on the issues. I do point out, simply in passing, that it really is up to the President of the United States as to whose advice he or she wants to take. Frankly, you know, to say that there aren’t ‘‘polit-ical people on the National Security Agency,’’ with all due respect to a Chief of Staff that I admire profoundly, I think Leon Panetta is one of the great Chiefs of Staff to ever serve any President, but I would tell you that he is a pretty political guy. He was in this body, and one of his jobs was to help make sure the President of the United States was reelected. So there was a political dimension to what he did. I don’t know Mr. Bannon. I have never met him. I don’t pretend to be fa-miliar with him or his thinking. I do know that he is a valued adviser to the President of the United States. And if the President of the United States is going to seek advice from somebody— and it may be in these areas of na-tional security—frankly, personally, I would prefer them to be part of the Na-tional Security Council, simply to have the educated debate of some of the very best professionals that we have and so that their opinion, when they advise the President, is fully formed. Again, I see this as the President’s decision, not some enormous departure. On occasions, Mr. Axelrod, who was not a chief of staff who was primarily a political counsel, did sit in on na-tional security meetings at the request of the President. So, again, we can have this argument. I am not sure it is particularly relevant to the legisla-tion. But at the end of the day, I want anybody advising the President of the United States—and he gets to make that choice—to get the best informa-tion they can possibly receive so that that advice is well-informed. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ), who is here to offer some important thoughts about some of the issues that are involved in the underlying legisla-tion. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in support of the rule providing for consideration of H.J. Res. 42, which disapproves of the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Labor on drug testing of unemployment insur-ance applicants. In 2012, the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act was passed into law. This bipartisan reform allowed, but did not require, States to admin-ister drug tests to those applying for unemployment insurance benefits. Unemployment insurance applicants are required by law to be able and available for employment, and drug testing is one of the most effective ways to ensure applicants meet this re-quirement. This law was also intended to reassure employers and taxpayers who fund the unemployment insurance program that those claiming benefits were truly ready to be hired and work. In the years following the passage of this law, the Department of Labor failed to issue a rule to implement it. But in the final months of the Obama administration, the Department of Labor issued a final rule that severely limited States’ ability to drug test un-employment insurance applicants. In issuing this rule, the Department of Labor acted outside their authority and went against the clear intent of Congress. H.J. Res. 42 would provide for dis-approval of this rule through the Con-gressional Review Act. This is needed to remove this overreaching rule and allow for the original intent of the law to be fully implemented. States are in the best position to de-termine how to efficiently and effec-tively administer unemployment insur-ance programs, and should be allowed to drug test applicants if they choose to do so. Reform of the unemployment insur-ance program is of particular interest to me. Last Congress, I introduced the Ensuring Quality in the Unemploy-ment Insurance Program Act, which would allow States to choose how to implement drug testing on unemploy-ment insurance applicants. I thank Chairman BRADY and Chair-man C
OLE for their attention to this very important issue, and I look for-ward to working with them to enact meaningful reforms to the unemploy-ment insurance program. I urge my colleagues to support the rule and this resolution. b1345 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Con-necticut (Ms. D
ELAURO ), my good friend, who is the ranking member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies. Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule. Drug testing people who are simply applying for unemployment insurance is harass-ment. I am outraged on behalf of the work-ers across this country, workers in my congressional district, who could be subjected to insulting and unnecessary testing when they have earned the right to apply for unemployment insur-ance. This is a strategy to throw up bar-riers to collecting unemployment in-surance. It is an intimidation tactic with no basis in reality. States should not be allowed to impose additional ob-stacles to cut back on applications. These jobless workers are often un-employed through no fault of their own. Their jobs were taken away by corporations who have moved their jobs overseas in order to get a tax break. And in addition to that, we have a Tax Code today that supports them moving overseas. Or they may have lost their job be-cause of a flawed trade agreement which, as we have seen in the past, has lost jobs and depressed wages. We ought to be dealing with a tax code that penalizes companies that move their jobs overseas, not people who just want to do an honest day’s work or collect the unemployment in-surance that they are entitled to. People want to work in this country, and it is often tiresome to listen to the ways that some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle demean working people, people who struggle every day. We are all identified by the jobs that we have. We take pride in the work that we do. People don’t want to be on unem-ployment. What they want to do is to say to their kids: Be proud of me. This is my job. This is what I do. I want to be your role model. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. HASTINGS. I yield the gentle-woman an additional 1 minute. Ms. DELAURO. What we ought to do, again, let’s penalize those companies that send their jobs overseas. Let’s do something about those flawed trade agreements which have lost over 800,000 jobs or more. That is just from the NAFTA agreement. Let’s do something else for working people in this country. Or you know what? Perhaps we ought to be drug testing the CEOs of compa-nies who move their mailboxes over-seas, export jobs, and who are in the business of hurting American workers. And, by the way, they are getting mas-sive tax breaks at taxpayers’ expense. I strongly oppose this rule and this resolution. American workers deserve better. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I just want to point out for the record, Mr. Speaker, that actually this rule that we are trying to repeal, the measure we are trying to instate, doesn’t force drug testing on anybody; and that is not going to happen in any State, unless the people in the State decide that that is something they want to do. I am quite content to let people in any State make that deci-sion. I think in my State, I am pretty cer-tain that the people who I am privi-leged to represent would be very upset if they thought somebody was receiv-ing unemployment compensation while they were on drugs, because they think 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.035 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1149 February 14, 2017 
that is going to make it pretty hard for that person to ever get back into the workforce, and they want to be able to identify that. They don’t want to incentivize it. Other people may have a different opinion, and that is legitimate. It is a big country. That is why our Founding Fathers adopted a Federal system, so I wouldn’t begrudge another State that saw it differently. What we are trying to avoid here is a one-size-fits-all or this body and any administration dictating to every State what they ought to do. Frankly, I would suggest that my good friend’s remarks suggest that is the concern, that they actually want to decide in Oklahoma what we would do. We are not trying to decide in Con-necticut what our friends would do. We are just thinking this ought to be down to the States. That was the intent of Congress. When this was written, it was to em-power the States to allow them to pur-sue policies they thought were appro-priate. Frankly, if they do that and they pursue different policies, which they may well, we may actually learn something out of this. Again, that is part of the genius of our system, hav-ing 50 different laboratories out there. But let’s not have a bureaucracy de-cide that it will circumvent the will of the Congress of the United States and write a rule that is clearly meant to undo the intent of a legislation that was passed across this floor with bipar-tisan support. Again, we just disagree on the issue, but, for the record, we are not trying to impose our beliefs. We are trying to let every State do what that State thinks they ought to do. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, through you, I ask of my good friend from Oklahoma whether or not he has additional speakers. I do not, and I am prepared to close. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I am cer-tainly prepared to close if my friend is. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we are here debating one rule for two entirely unrelated and unnecessary bills. To make matters worse, in the process of doing so, my Republican colleagues have shut out my fellow Democrats and some of their Republicans, even after presenting two germane amendments, even having the opportunity to have those amendments debated on the floor of the House of Representatives, the people’s House. What are you afraid of? By not mak-ing in order germane amendments with no budgetary effect, even after the chairman of the pertinent committee asked that a structured rule be pro-vided that would have allowed for those two germane amendments to be offered, the majority is silencing the duly-elected representatives of mil-lions of Americans. We have more important things to address here in the people’s House. Continuing to undermine the dedicated work of our Federal agencies, con-tinuing to govern not based on the re-ality of the situation but on how you feel things are, and then shutting out the voices of millions of Americans through their representatives from the legislative process is shameful and no way to govern. The American people deserve better. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I just want to point out again that, while my friend is correct, we have two different pieces of legisla-tion under a single rule, and those leg-islations, as my friend points out, are not particularly related. As a matter of fact, they are not related to one an-other in any way. Each piece of legisla-tion will receive a separate debate and a separate vote on the House floor. There was simply no reason to have two rules when one would suffice for two bills that basically need to come into the same format, in our view. I also point out that, when we are talking about the vote under the Con-gressional Review Act, we are actually following a form prescribed in statute, and we are moving at a pace that the law dictates and that, frankly, is nec-essary in order to retain the privileged status of the legislation in the United States Senate. So nothing unusual here, other than we are actually being pretty productive and undoing a lot of rules that, frankly, we think were mis-guided and rushed into the final days of the last administration. My friends are free to disagree with that, but I think the issues are pretty clear, pretty easy to decide, and don’t require a great deal of amendments. On the Oklahoma-Texas issue, and that is something I know a little bit about since it affects my district, last year, when we considered this legisla-tion, we actually did have an amend-ment. It was my amendment, and my amendment that probably made it un-acceptable in the Senate. But I was in-dulged by my chairman of the Rules Committee, and for the very important reason that we actually make sure that the tribes have an opportunity to be at the table. In this case, they do. Mr. T
HORNBERRY has worked very hard, and so there is no dispute be-tween the delegations in Oklahoma, the delegations in Texas, the interests of the various Indian tribes. Everybody agrees that we need a common set of information, a common survey that we can all trust to, frankly, work out the differences here that have multiplied over a century as the border has lit-erally shifted. So that is the appro-priate thing to do. We don’t need a lot of amendments on that. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to en-courage all Members to support the rule. H.R. 428 is a fair and equitable so-lution which all interested parties have agreed upon and which can provide cer-tainty that many landowners have sought along the Oklahoma-Texas bor-der. In addition, H.J. Res. 42 undoes a reg-ulation that should have never been made in the first place. By preventing implementation of this regulation, we can ensure that those actively looking for work are provided with the support necessary to reach that goal. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to take a point of personal privilege. This is the last time my good friend and my staff member, Mr. Waskiewicz, will be on the floor with me. He has been with me for 61⁄2years. He has made a smart career move and is moving on to the Budget Committee, a more august posi-tion. But I have had the good fortune, as I know my friends have and we all have, to have very many wonderful staff members over the years. I have never had a better staff member than Steve Waskiewicz, never had a better friend, never had a harder worker, never had anybody who was more selfless in put-ting the interests of our office and the constituents whom we are privileged to represent ahead of all else. So I want to commend and thank him publicly and on the record for his wonderful service. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the rule and the under-lying bill. I strongly oppose this rule because it makes in order H.J. Res. 42, a bill disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor re-lating to drug testing of unemployment com-pensation applicants, an effort to impose drug testing as a condition of receiving unemploy-ment insurance and other forms of public as-sistance. I oppose this rule because it would repeal a Department of Labor rule intended to imple-ment a bipartisan agreement on implementing a provision, in the Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012, that allows states to drug test unemployment insurance (UI) appli-cants in certain circumstances. In 2012, Congress approved a bipartisan compromise on drug testing unemployment in-surance claimants. The agreement permitted states to drug test UI claimants in cases where: 1) an applicant has been discharged from their last job because of unlawful drug use; or 2) an applicant who ‘‘is an individual for whom suitable work (as defined under the State law) is only available in an occupation that regularly conducts drug testing (as deter-mined under regulations issued by the Sec-retary of Labor).’’ Congress therefore mandated the Depart-ment of Labor to define through regulation those occupations that regularly conduct drug testing. The final Department of Labor (DOL) rule, which would be repealed by H.J. Res. 42, de-fined ‘‘occupation’’ as a position or class of positions that are required, or may be required in the future, by state or federal law to be drug tested. Some members of Congress have criticized the regulations as being too narrowly drawn, but in fact, they track the bipartisan legislation very closely. It seems that what is really at issue is a de-sire to conduct broader drug testing of UI ap-plicants. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:05 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.037 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1150 February 14, 2017 
Any proposal that seeks to expand the abil-ity of states to drug test people for unemploy-ment insurance should be vigorously opposed. States already have the ability to administer drug testing and this change would needlessly shift employer costs to the states. State UI programs already penalize job-re-lated drug use. Virtually all states treat a drug-related dis-charge as disqualifying misconduct even if it is not explicitly referenced in their discharge stat-utes. Twenty states also explicitly deny benefits for any job loss connected to drug use or a failed drug test. In addition, six states (Arizona, Arkansas, Indiana, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Wis-consin) have passed legislation equating a failed or refused pre-employment drug screen with refusing suitable work. Employers already have testing as a tool to screen out people who use illicit drugs, at no cost to states. Proponents of drug testing argue that states want to be able to drug test UI applicants. However, only three states (Texas, Mis-sissippi and Wisconsin) have enacted laws permitting state drug testing of UI claimants, consistent with the federal regulation, with all three of these states delaying implementation until after the final DOL rule targeted by H.J. Res. 42 was issued. Suspicionless drug testing of government benefit recipients likely violates the Fourth Amendment. Generally, government-mandated drug test-ing not based on individualized suspicion is unconstitutional. Drug tests historically have been considered searches for the purposes of the Fourth Amendment. For searches to be reasonable, they gen-erally must be based on individualized sus-picion unless the government can show a spe-cial need warranting a deviation from the norm. However, social insurance or governmental benefit programs like UI, Temporary Assist-ance for Needy Families (TANF), Supple-mental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) and Housing Assistance do not naturally evoke the special needs that the Supreme Court has recognized in the past. Indeed, when states like Michigan and Flor-ida have tried to impose mandatory suspicionless drug testing on all TANF appli-cants or recipients, they have been stopped by federal courts that have found such testing to be unconstitutional under the Fourth Amendment. These court battles also imposed substantial legal costs for states. State-administered drug testing is a poor in-vestment of public funds. Claims that testing will save taxpayer money are built upon the assumption that the tests will return a high number of positive results. However, studies show that individuals who receive public benefits use drugs at rates simi-lar to the general population, and the vast ma-jority of such individuals do not use drugs. Most individuals, in fact, refrain from using drugs on a regular basis. Ten states have spent substantial amounts of money in recent years to set up and admin-ister drug testing systems for TANF recipients, but have identified only a few claimants testing positive. Drug testing is also costly and prone to re-turning false-positives. Drug tests that do come back as positive easily identify marijuana use but often miss other drugs that ordinarily clear out of the body within a few days. Tests do not indicate if a person is impaired, or whether they are using less than they have in the past. Working people paid for this insurance pol-icy, and jobless workers earned the right to access UI through their service to their em-ployer. Proposals to drug test UI beneficiaries needlessly stigmatize and punish jobless workers and their families who are trying to get back on their feet. If legislators have genuine concerns about drug use, there are far better ways to respond than targeting and stigmatizing the unem-ployed. I urge you to oppose H. Res. 99, the Rule governing debate for H.J. Res. 42 and any legislation that seeks to expand the ability of states to condition the receipt of unemploy-ment insurance and other forms of public as-sistance on a drug test. For these reasons and more, I oppose this rule and the underlying bill. I would also like to include the following list of organizations ac-tively opposed to H.J. Res. 42: 
9to5, National Association of Working Women; AFL-CIO; AME Church—Social Ac-tion Commission; American Civil Liberties Union; American Federation of State, Coun-ty and Municipal Employees (AFSCME); Bend the Arc Jewish Action; Bill of Rights Defense Committee/Defending Dissent Foun-dation; Center for Community Change Ac-tion; The Center for HIV Law and Policy; Center for Law and Social Policy (CLASP); Drug Policy Alliance Economic Policy Insti-tute Policy Center; Food Research & Action Center; Harm Reduction Coalition; Housing Works; Institute for Science and Human Val-ues; Interfaith Worker Justice; LatinoJustice; The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights; Legal Action Center; Legal Aid at Work. Life for Pot; The Los Angeles LGBT Cen-ter; Massachusetts Law Reform Institute MomsRising; NAACP; National Asian Pacific American Women’s Forum; National Asso-ciation of Social Workers; National Center for Transgender Equality; National Council of Churches; National Employment Law Project; National Employment Lawyers As-sociation National LGBTQ Task Force Ac-tion Fund; National Women’s Law Center; NCADD–MD; Public Justice Center; Sargent Shriver National Center on Poverty Law; StopTheDrugWar.org; Students for Sensible Drug Policy (SSDP); The Sugar Law Center for Economic & Social Justice; Union for Re-form Judaism; The United Methodist Church—General Board of Church and Soci-ety; Witness to Mass Incarceration; Work-place Fairness. 
The material previously referred to by Mr. H
ASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 99 O FFERED BY  M
R. HASTINGS  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 3. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 804) to amend the Na-tional Security Act of 1947 to protect the Na-tional Security Council from political inter-ference, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equal-ly divided among and controlled by the re-spective chairs and ranking minority mem-bers of the Committees on Armed Services, Foreign Affairs, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. After general de-bate the bill shall be considered for amend-ment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or with-out instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Com-mittee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 4. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 804. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.017 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1151 February 14, 2017 
then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 56 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1415 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky) at 2 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 99; Adoption of House Resolution 99, if ordered; Ordering the previous question on House Resolution 116; and Adoption of House Resolution 116, if ordered. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 428, RED RIVER GRA-DIENT BOUNDARY SURVEY ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.J. RES. 42, DIS-APPROVING RULE SUBMITTED BY DEPARTMENT OF LABOR RE-LATING TO DRUG TESTING OF UNEMPLOYMENT COMPENSATION APPLICANTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 99) providing for consid-eration of the bill (H.R. 428) to survey the gradient boundary along the Red River in the States of Oklahoma and Texas, and for other purposes, and pro-viding for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 42) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to drug testing of un-employment compensation applicants, on which the yeas and nays were or-dered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 225, nays 189, not voting 17, as follows: [Roll No. 88] YEAS—225 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—17 
Beatty Duffy Emmer Hartzler Hensarling Huizenga King (NY) LaMalfa Love McCaul Mulvaney Payne Rush Shuster Simpson Visclosky Zinke 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.005 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1152 February 14, 2017 
b1440 Messrs. GONZALEZ of Texas and LARSON of Connecticut changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. BARTON changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 88. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 88. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 225, noes 187, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 89] AYES—225 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—19 
Beatty Brat Duffy Hartzler Hensarling Huizenga King (NY) Love McCaul Mulvaney Payne Roe (TN) Rosen Rush Shuster Visclosky Walz Woodall Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1446 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 89. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 66, DISAPPROVING RULE SUBMITTED BY DEPART-MENT OF LABOR RELATING TO SAVINGS ARRANGEMENTS BY STATES FOR NON-GOVERN-MENTAL EMPLOYEES, AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 67, DISAPPROVING RULE SUBMITTED BY DEPART-MENT OF LABOR RELATING TO SAVINGS ARRANGEMENTS BY QUALIFIED STATE POLITICAL SUBDIVISIONS FOR NON-GOVERN-MENTAL EMPLOYEES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on order-ing the previous question on the reso-lution (H. Res. 116) providing for con-sideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 66) disapproving the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Labor re-lating to savings arrangements estab-lished by States for non-governmental employees, and providing for consider-ation of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 67) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by qualified State political subdivisions for non-governmental employees, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 227, nays 188, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 90] YEAS—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:26 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.042 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1153 February 14, 2017 
Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—188 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—16 
Beatty Duffy Hartzler Hensarling Huizenga King (NY) Love McCaul Mulvaney Payne Roe (TN) Rush Visclosky Walz Woodall Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1453 So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 227, noes 188, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 91] AYES—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—188 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.010 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1154 February 14, 2017 
Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—16 
Beatty Bost Duffy Hartzler Hensarling Huizenga Loudermilk Love McCaul Mulvaney Roe (TN) Rush Suozzi Visclosky Walz Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1501 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RED RIVER GRADIENT BOUNDARY SURVEY ACT Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 99, I call up the bill (H.R. 428) to survey the gra-dient boundary along the Red River in the States of Oklahoma and Texas, and for other purposes, and ask for its im-mediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 428 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Red River Gradient Boundary Survey Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
FFECTED AREA .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘affected area’’ means land along the approximately 116-mile stretch of the Red River, from its confluence with the north fork of the Red River on the West to the 98th meridian on the east. (B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘‘affected area’’ does not include the portion of the Red River within the boundary depicted on the survey prepared by the Bureau of Land Management entitled ‘‘Township 5 South, Range 14 West, of the Indian Meridian, Oklahoma, Depend-ent Resurvey and Survey’’ and dated Feb-ruary 28, 2006. (2) G
RADIENT BOUNDARY SURVEY METHOD .— The term ‘‘gradient boundary survey meth-od’’ means the measurement technique used to locate the South Bank boundary line in accordance with the methodology estab-lished in Oklahoma v. Texas, 261 U.S. 340 (1923) (recognizing that the boundary line along the Red River is subject to change due to erosion and accretion). (3) L
ANDOWNER .—The term ‘‘landowner’’ means any individual, group, association, corporation, federally recognized Indian tribe or member of such an Indian tribe, or other private or governmental legal entity that owns an interest in land in the affected area. (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the Bureau of Land Management. (5) S
OUTH BANK .—The term ‘‘South Bank’’ means the water-washed and relatively per-manent elevation or acclivity (commonly known as a ‘‘cut bank’’) along the southerly or right side of the Red River that— (A) separates the bed of that river from the adjacent upland, whether valley or hill; and (B) usually serves, as specified in the fifth paragraph of Oklahoma v. Texas, 261 U.S. 340 (1923)— (i) to confine the waters within the bed; and (ii) to preserve the course of the river. (6) SOUTH BANK BOUNDARY LINE .—The term ‘‘South Bank boundary line’’ means the boundary, with respect to title and owner-ship, between the States of Oklahoma and Texas identified through the gradient bound-ary survey method that does not impact or alter the permanent political boundary line between the States along the Red River, as outlined under article II, section B of the Red River Boundary Compact enacted by the States and consented to by Congress pursu-ant to Public Law 106–288 (114 Stat. 919). 
SEC. 3. SURVEY OF SOUTH BANK BOUNDARY LINE. 
(a) S URVEY REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall com-mission a survey to identify the South Bank boundary line in the affected area. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The survey shall— (A) adhere to the gradient boundary survey method; (B) span the length of the affected area; (C) be conducted by surveyors that are— (i) licensed and qualified to conduct offi-cial gradient boundary surveys; and (ii) selected jointly by and operating under the direction of— (I) the Texas General Land Office, in con-sultation with each affected federally recog-nized Indian tribe; and (II) the Oklahoma Commissioners of the Land Office, in consultation with the attor-ney general of the State of Oklahoma and each affected federally recognized Indian tribe; and (D) be completed not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) A
PPROVAL .— (1) S
TATE APPROVAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the survey under subsection (a)(1) is completed, the Secretary shall submit the survey for approval to— (i) the Texas General Land Office, in con-sultation with each affected federally recog-nized Indian tribe; and (ii) the Oklahoma Commissioners of the Land Office, in consultation with the attor-ney general of the State of Oklahoma and each affected federally recognized Indian tribe. (B) T
IMING OF APPROVAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of receipt of the survey under subparagraph (A), the Texas General Land Office, in consultation with each af-fected federally recognized Indian tribe, and the Oklahoma Commissioners of the Land Office, in consultation with the attorney general of the State of Oklahoma and each affected federally recognized Indian tribe, shall determine whether to approve the sur-vey. (C) S
URVEYS OF INDIVIDUAL PARCELS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Surveys of individual par-cels in the affected area shall be conducted in accordance with this section. (ii) A
PPROVAL OR DISAPPROVAL .—A survey of an individual parcel conducted under clause (i) shall be approved or disapproved, on an individual basis, by the Texas General Land Office, in consultation with each af-fected federally recognized Indian tribe, and the Oklahoma Commissioners of the Land Office, in consultation with the attorney general of the State of Oklahoma and each affected federally recognized Indian tribe, by not later than 60 days after the date of re-ceipt of the survey. (2) N
O FEDERAL APPROVAL REQUIRED .—The survey conducted under subsection (a)(1), and any survey of an individual parcel de-scribed in paragraph (1)(C), shall not be sub-mitted to the Secretary for approval. (c) NOTICES .— (1) S
ECRETARY .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which a survey for an indi-vidual parcel is approved by the Texas Gen-eral Land Office and the Oklahoma Commis-sioners of the Land Office, in consultation with the attorney general of the State of Oklahoma, under subsection (b)(1)(C), the heads of those offices shall submit to the Secretary— (A) a notice of the approval of the survey; and (B) a copy of— (i) the survey; and (ii) any field notes relating to the indi-vidual parcel. (2) A
DJACENT LANDOWNERS .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a notice relating to an individual parcel under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide to each landowner of land adja-cent to the individual parcel— (A) a notice of the approval of the survey; and (B) a copy of— (i) the survey; and (ii) any field notes relating to the indi-vidual parcel. 
SEC. 4. EFFECT OF ACT. 
Nothing in this Act— (1) modifies any interest of the State of Oklahoma or Texas, or the sovereignty, property, or trust rights of any federally rec-ognized Indian tribe, relating to land located north of the South Bank boundary line, as established by the survey; (2) modifies any land patented under the Act of December 22, 1928 (45 Stat. 1069, chap-ter 47; 43 U.S.C. 1068) (commonly known as the ‘‘Color of Title Act’’), before the date of enactment of this Act; (3) modifies or supersedes the Red River Boundary Compact enacted by the States of Oklahoma and Texas and consented to by Congress pursuant to Public Law 106–288 (114 Stat. 919); (4) creates or reinstates any Indian res-ervation or any portion of such a reserva-tion; or (5) alters any valid right of the State of Oklahoma or the Kiowa, Comanche, or Apache Indian tribes to the mineral interest trust fund established under the Act of June 12, 1926 (44 Stat. 740, chapter 572). 
SEC. 5. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this Act $1,000,000. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 99, the gen-tleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. H
ANABUSA ) each will control 30 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Utah. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and insert extra-neous material on H.R. 428. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. T
HORNBERRY ), the sponsor of this piece of legislation. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, first, let me thank Chairman B
ISHOP  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.011 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1155 February 14, 2017 
for not only yielding me the time, but for his patience and diligence and un-derstanding this issue, and I also want to thank Subcommittee Chairman M
CCLINTOCK for the work that he has put into it. The Natural Resources Committee has conducted hearings on this issue. They have reported out bills related to this issue in the last two Congresses, and last Congress, the whole House voted for a bill that deals with this issue. I am grateful to Chairman B
ISHOP and Subcommittee Chair M
CCLINTOCK for all of that effort. Mr. Speaker, this bill is just a small sliver of what this House has passed be-fore. This bill requires the Federal Government to do what the Federal Government should have done long ago, and that is to conduct a survey along the Red River following the in-structions of the United States Su-preme Court. That is all this bill does. It does not dispose of any land; it does not alter the rights or claims of any State, any tribe, any individual. It just says the Federal Government has a responsibility to know what the Fed-eral Government is supposed to be con-trolling. They have never, ever con-ducted a survey of this area, and so this bill says: You will have a survey conducted using the method that the United States Supreme Court has re-peatedly held is a method you ought to use. I am a little taken aback, Mr. Speak-er, on why that should be controver-sial. We could go on at some length about how this came to be. It is inter-esting, historically, and we could go into a variety of details and so forth; but, again, the bottom line is the Fed-eral law currently says the Federal Government has a responsibility to in-ventory and ascertain where Federal land is. Yet the Bureau of Land Man-agement not only has never done it in close to 100 years after the Supreme Court decision, the Bureau of Land Management has said they never in-tend to. They will never conduct a sur-vey of this 116-mile area. So this bill, as I say, is very simple. It says the Bureau of Land Manage-ment shall commission a survey, joint-ly agreed upon by Texas and Okla-homa, tribal and other interests a full part of that, but there will, once and for all, be a survey to determine where the Federal claim is and where the Federal claim is not. Now, part of the reason that is so im-portant is because the Bureau of Land Management has, especially in 2013, come out and made a variety of claims that has thrown in doubt the proper title and ownership of land that has been in families for generations, that people have paid taxes on for genera-tions. That has put a cloud on title of private landowners, and it does not help that cloud when the Bureau of Land Management says: We will never conduct a survey to determine exactly where the claim is. So everyone, Mr. Speaker, every State, every tribe, every local govern-ment, every individual—even the Fed-eral Government and the BLM itself— deserves to know where the claims rightfully are and where the claims are rightfully not. First step is information. That is all this bill does. I think it is pretty clear that we should at least take this step. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Federal ownership of the land along the Red River dates back to the Louisiana Purchase. Over time, gradual changes in the course of the river have created uncertainty re-garding Federal interests in the area as well as confusion about the exact boundary between Texas and Okla-homa. Further complicating the mat-ter, Native American Tribes have min-eral and other interests in the area im-pacted by the precise ownership of the land in question. In fact, as noted in the Supreme Court case of Oklahoma v. Texas, a 1923 case, the decision was the boundaries were changed due to accretion and ero-sion. It is important to note that the gentleman from Texas does not dispute the criteria set forth by the Supreme Court in Oklahoma v. Texas. Moreover, in 2000, Congress passed the Red River Boundary Compact, which shifted the boundary line between the States, but the location and status of lands in the public domain remain unchanged. Along the 116-mile stretch, a portion of the land in the Red River area is still under Federal ownership because it has never been disposed of under the au-thority of Congress. In 2013, the Bureau of Land Manage-ment set out to revise the Federal re-source management plan for Federal lands—not private lands, Federal lands—in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Texas. As part of that process, the BLM began to survey the lands to de-termine the extent of all ownership claims. According to the 2014 testi-mony from the Deputy Director of the BLM, Steve Ellis, the survey process the BLM intends ‘‘to identify, with cer-tainty, and propose management alter-natives for lands which fall within the public domain but have never been pat-ented, reserved, or disposed.’’ According to that same testimony, the BLM estimates that approximately 30,000 acres of public land exist along the Red River between the north fork of the river and the 98th meridian. They also estimate that as many as 23,000 of those acres may be overlaid by private ownership interests. One of the most significant and ad-vantageous parts about the process for updating land use plans is that it in-cludes steps along the way that allow for public input, analysis, and informed decisionmaking. Once the survey is complete, the BLM has a variety of statutory au-thorities the agency can use to resolve conflicting claims, including the Fed-eral Land Policy and Management Act and the Color of Title Act. H.R. 428, the bill before us today, has a troubled history. Flaws in the bill have prevented it from becoming law for several years. Some of those short-comings have been addressed, but oth-ers remain. H.R. 428 would halt the planning and survey process in its tracks. The bill would strip the Bureau of Land Man-agement of its survey authority along the 116-mile stretch of the Red River, and it would force the Federal Govern-ment to accept the survey completed by the States of Texas and Oklahoma. Prohibiting the Federal Government from surveying its own land is unprece-dented and unwarranted. What is also troubling is that, in stark violation of Republican policy against authoriza-tions without an offset, this legislation authorizes the expenditure of $1 mil-lion in Federal funding to pay the States to complete the survey. It is important to note that allowing State governments to dictate the out-come of this process is a terrible prece-dent, and forcing the American tax-payers to pay the States for those sur-veys adds insult to injury. b1515 Parts of this case are currently in the Federal court of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas. The parties include the State of Texas, BLM, and plaintiff landowners; and they are in mediation working to resolve these very complicated issues. The nature of that lawsuit is a quiet title action. I include in the R
ECORD a minute order dated Tuesday, January 10, 2017. At the bottom of the order it reads, in relevant part: ‘‘Case did not settle but parties are continuing to work on set-tlement. Court will continue to mon-itor and assist mediation efforts.’’ 
[Case 7:15–cv–00162–O Document 130 Filed 01/19/17 PageID 1449] U
NITED STATES DISTRICT COURT  N
ORTHERN DISTRICT OF TEXAS  F
ORTWORTH DIVISION  
MINUTE ORDER —MEDIATION  (with parties and counsel) JUDGE: Jeffrey L. Cureton LAW CLERK: K. Verna LOCATION: United States District Court, Wichita Falls, Texas Case No.: 7:15–CV–162–O Case Style: Aderholt, et al. v. Bureau of Land Management, et al. Date Held: Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Time: 7:45 a.m–6:00 p.m. Persons Present at Mediation: Plaintiffs: (1) Kenneth Aderholt, (2) Pat-rick Canan, (3) Kevin Hunter, (4) Ronald Jackson, (5) William Lalk, (6) Kenneth Pat-ton, (7) Barbara Patton, (8) Jimmy Smith, (9) Kenneth Lemons, Jr. in his capacity of Sher-iff of Clay County, Texas, (10) Honorable Lee Harvey and Meredith Kennedy as representa-tives of Plaintiff Wichita County, Texas, (11) Honorable Kenneth Liggett as Representa-tive of Plaintiff Clay County, Texas, (12) Honorable Greg Tyra and Cory Curtis as Representatives of Plaintiff Wilbarger Coun-ty, Texas Counsel for Plaintiffs: Robert Henneke, Bradley Caldwell, J. Austin Curry, and John Summers Counsel for Intervenor Plaintiff State of Texas: Megan Neal and Amy Davis 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.050 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1156 February 14, 2017 
Representatives for Intervenor Plaintiff George P. Bush as Commissioner of the Texas General Land Office: Mark Havens, General Counsel and Mark Neugebauer, Chief Surveyor Counsel for Intervenor Plaintiff George P. Bush: Ken Slavin and Deborah Trejo Defendants: Robert Casias as Representa-tive of Defendant Bureau of Land Manage-ment Counsel for Defendants: Romney Philpott, Jason Hill, and Charles Babst Mediation conducted with the parties and attorneys. Case did not settle but parties are continuing to work on settlement. Court will continue to monitor and assist mediation ef-forts. 
Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, this bill would undermine the progress of the judicial branch and instead pro-hibit the Federal Government from surveying its own land. It also would force the American taxpayers to pay the States for these surveys. Shifting this authority, as we said earlier, is un-precedented and would cause more con-fusion. We should allow the parties to re-solve this conflict, and Congress should stay out of it. What is troubling is that the bill is being proposed as something that brings the parties together. This medi-ation is doing that. More importantly, when you look at the bill itself, the question has to be asked: Where is the Department of the Interior? Where is the BLM? Let us not forget, it is the Department of the In-terior that has the fiduciary duty to the tribes. The question really is: Can or should Congress abdicate its fiduciary obliga-tion that is owed to the tribes by doing this survey? H.R. 428 does not warrant consider-ation by this body. We clearly have more important issues facing this Na-tion. Congress should get out of the way and allow the current BLM process to play out. This bill is a waste of our valuable time and taxpayers’ dollars. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ), chairman of the Committee on Natural Re-sources’ Subcommittee on Federal Lands that deals with this area. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman T
HORNBERRY for working through three congressional sessions to do justice to the property owners along the Red River. The injustice that this bill corrects is galling. In 1923, the U.S. Supreme Court established rules for determining the boundary between Texas and Okla-homa, which established property rights over this land. For nearly a century, the Federal Government recognized and respected the property lines established by this ruling. Property owners purchased and sold this land and, in some cases, passed it down from generation to gen-eration. These property owners, in good faith, dutifully paid taxes on their lands year after year, invested in these lands, maintained them, cultivated them, and improved them. Nearly 100 years later, in 2013, the Bureau of Land Management an-nounced that it was arbitrarily chang-ing these long-established and settled boundaries and claiming ownership of 90,000 acres of land. This outrageous claim clouds property rights along this vast territory. It is based on the flimsiest of pre-texts: a 2009 survey of some 6,000 acres out of the total 90,000 in dispute. This survey ignored the 1923 Supreme Court decree that originally established the boundary lines, and it then extrapo-lated the results of this limited survey to justify this land grab over the entire region. In other words, BLM laid claim to these lands with a guess based upon a fraud. The BLM has since scaled back its claim to 30,000 acres, a testament to the flimsy process with which it has upended the lives of every property owner in the region. The Red River Private Property Pro-tection Act tells the BLM to back off. It authorizes a comprehensive survey of all of the disputed acreage to be con-ducted jointly by the two States di-rectly affected and in consultation with the tribal governments involved. It requires that the survey be con-ducted on the longstanding criteria es-tablished by the Supreme Court, rather than the recent and illegal invention of the BLM. Upon the completion of the survey, the States of Texas and Oklahoma, in coordination with federally recognized Indian tribes, will review and approve the survey to ensure its accuracy and impartiality. Without this act, title to the farms and homes will be clouded for decades while the matter drags on through the courts. That is the course that the gen-tlewoman suggests we should follow: drag this on for years, if not decades, while these property owners languish in uncertainty. Meanwhile, the BLM’s assertion of regulatory jurisdiction would have dev-astating impacts on local homeowners and businesses and make it much more difficult to encourage economic devel-opment in the region. This measure is a scaled-down version of the bill passed by this House in 2015, in order to address concerns ex-pressed by the American Indian Na-tions involved. Mr. Speaker, government exists to protect our natural rights, including our property rights, and this bill re-aligns our government with its stated purpose and its stated promise. I urge its speedy adoption. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I think it is very impor-tant for us—though they have made light of the fact that this has a history, beginning with the Louisiana Pur-chase—that this is not a new issue. There are a series of subsequent trea-ties with foreign governments in 1819, 1828, and 1838, which set the south bank of the river as the southern border of the United States and the northern border of what is now the State of Texas. In 1867, when a portion of this public domain was reserved for the Kiowa-Co-manche-Apache (KCA) Reservation, the middle of the main channel of the river between the 98th meridian and the north fork of the river was established as the reservation’s southern boundary. The remaining land between what is now called the medial line and the southern bank retained its status as public land, which continues through the present. In a series of decisions in the 1920s, the U.S. Supreme Court adopted a method known as the gradient bound-ary method for determining the loca-tion of the boundary between Texas and Oklahoma along the southern bank of the river. In giving certainty to the boundary’s location and the extent of tribal holdings, the Court’s decision also provided a basis for clarifying pri-vate land ownership on each side of the river. In 1981 and 1984, two separate Okla-homa landowners argued in the United States District Court that, under ripar-ian law, changes in the river’s location had expanded their private holdings while reducing the acreage of the Texas landowners whose properties faced them across the river. In both cases, the district court followed the Supreme Court’s established principle con-cerning the location of public and pri-vate lands. Private property in Oklahoma ex-tended to the center of the river while private property in Texas stopped at the ordinary high-water mark on the southern bank, with the remaining land being part of the original public domain located in Oklahoma. In 2000, the State legislatures of Oklahoma and Texas, along with tribal leaders from the neighboring KCA Tribes and Chickasaw and Choctaw Na-tions, attempted to resolve these re-maining issues by agreeing to the Red River Boundary Compact. Congress later consented to the compact, and, in so doing, agreed to move the jurisdic-tional boundary between the States from the south bank gradient line to the south bank vegetation line. The BLM began updating its resource management plan for public lands in Kansas, Oklahoma, and Texas, which includes the area along the Red River, in 2013. The BLM doesn’t full know the extent of public domain, and that is why they are trying to do the survey. The resource management planning process would update the current RMPs covering this area, which were developed in 1994 and 1996, and estab-lish a long-term plan articulating the BLM’s objectives and strategies for maintaining the health and produc-tivity of public lands in the region. As we discussed earlier, in 1923, the United States Supreme Court also interjected into this and set the cri-teria. We can disagree on some of these issues, but we can at least agree to get 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.013 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1157 February 14, 2017 
our facts straight. We do know, Mr. Speaker, that this has been an ongoing process and this has gone back for dif-ferent administrations. I think the question becomes: Why is it necessary to do this now? What is it that is happening now? They are in court. They have been in court. They have availed themselves of the court process. No one disagrees with the United States Supreme Court decision. So the question we should all ask ourselves is: Why now? Why take out, in this bill, my amendment that was rejected by the Rules Committee which would have eliminated that portion which says basically the Federal Gov-ernment has no say in the survey? So why would we abdicate that major re-sponsibility? We not only have responsibility to the tribes listed, but there are also dif-ferent kinds of tribal lands, which we must take into account. So the ques-tion is: Why abdicate it? If as was stated earlier that what we are talking about is just a bill that says to the BLM to do the survey, then why does it contain within it a state-ment that says it has no right to con-cur or to approve? I think that it would be a different situation if this was a bill that said: hurry up and do your survey. But that is not what this bill says. This bill says the States of Texas and Oklahoma will do it—actually, Texas will do it in consultation with Okla-homa and specific tribes. Why doesn’t it say, if what we want is a survey, that BLM do the survey? I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ), chairman of the Committee on Natural Resources’ Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, you know when we swear to uphold an oath to our country and to our States, a lot goes with that responsibility. We have a very sacred covenant in protecting private property rights, the corner-stone of the founding of this Nation. So to see that after many decades or even centuries of people feeling secure in their property, in their land, how can one government agency come along and defy two entire States in a process they have used, the gradient boundary survey method, in this case, along the Red River between Texas and Oklahoma? How can you have one rogue Federal agency coming in and saying we supersede what these two States and decades and decades of tra-dition and security that these families have had along here is completely wrong? That is why H.R. 428 would send the right signal and give certainty back to these families. We are talking about a court process. Well, for private parties to have to go to a court, it is not the same as the government with its end-less resources, endless time to slog through court in this case after 8 years. This is a lot of wear and tear on fami-lies when their property and their long-time traditions are in question here. I go back to a case some years ago, the Kilo v. New London decision, where it was deemed that government can just take property if it was deemed beneficial to the government or to the tax base, indeed, trampling on property rights. At least, in that case, you can count on that there might be some compensation for having that land taken. Will that even happen here? They are over a mile off in some of their surveys where the BLM believes the land line is. So the true border needs to be made certain and needs to be respectful of Texas and Oklahoma in their process in this property right discussion. Indeed, an 8-year-long nightmare, imagine what this does to families. It happens in my district as well when regulators come in and decide they are going to change the water rights. It is not even good for their health. People, when they are going through this legal process, it is painful for them. So H.R. 428 is a very important meth-od of doing, through the gradient boundary survey, a fair way—one that is recognized by Texas and Oklahoma for many decades as the correct way— to survey and finally put this issue to rest after many, many more years than what it should have been. Indeed, private property rights are the cornerstone of part of why this country was even founded. Why do we continue to do this to the families who have, in good faith, paid taxes, made their land payments, and been part of the fiber of Texas and Oklahoma around the Red River for so many, many years? b1530 Instead of confusion, let’s give them certainty. I urge us to all support H.R. 428 and go to a survey method that is fair and recognized by two States, not by one Federal agency that wishes to override that process. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. It is very interesting because we seem to be confusing what is at issue here. If what is at issue here is a survey process, then there is no question. The survey process is set up in the United States Supreme Court decision of Okla-homa v. Texas. No one disputes that that should be it. Neither is it disputed that BLM can-not illegally claim private property and, in fact, it does have a process by which it can sell that private property. First, under Section 203 of FLPMA, the BLM may sell public lands for pri-vate fair market value if, through the planning process, the public land has been determined to be difficult and un-economic to manage; the land was ac-quired for a specific purpose but no longer fulfills the Federal purpose; or disposal may serve important public objectives which cannot be achieved prudently on land other than public land. Under Section 206 of the FLPMA, the Secretary of the Interior can also con-duct land exchanges of equal value with the same State so long as the pub-lic interest is well served. Mr. Speaker, the reason why there is a compact of 2000 on this specific issue is because the States can’t do it with-out the concurrence of Congress. What is being proposed here, in terms of the survey, is really using a Federal stand-ard. Again, the question is: Why? More importantly, Mr. Speaker, there are tribal lands involved; not only the tribes noted, but also different types of tribal lands, private tribal lands different from that which is held in trust by the Secretary of the Inte-rior, and we are abdicating that re-sponsibility. We have a fiduciary duty to these tribal lands, and it should not be treat-ed basically with, well, if we don’t agree, maybe we can come forward and say we don’t agree. That is not what this is about. They are beginning the process. They are in mediation. The courts have been the mechanism by which landowners have views, and there is one going on. So why not let the process go? It just seems to be out of Congress’ authority to simply abdicate the re-sponsibilities that we have and say: The States can do it. And then we pay for it. Now, that makes no sense. We need to be able to say to those that we have a fiduciary obligation to, and others, that we have done our job; that the Federal Government has done its job. They are in the process. So the ques-tion I have again is, why now? Why now? This has been going on since way—I read through all the different treaties and the different types of cases that came up since 1923, Oklahoma v. Texas. So why now? Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ), who understands this, who is coming from that State, and who also serves as the vice chairman of the entire Re-sources Committee. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to the chairman of our com-mittee. I appreciate the question asked by my colleague across the aisle: Why now? The answer to the question, why now, is that this Federal Government has not done its job. This Congress has not done its job in complying with the as-pirations of the Constitution. When you have disagreement be-tween documents, as we did between the Louisiana Purchase on the south border of the Red River, and Oklahoma going to the middle of the Red River— and, of course, the Red River changes as time goes on—then the Federal Gov-ernment should have long since stepped in and said: Here is the land we are talking about. Here is where the bor-ders will actually go. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.054 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1158 February 14, 2017 
I am amazed at times, we talk in terms of agencies, of bureaus, of de-partments, as if they are some inde-pendent country that deserves a place at the United Nations making policies and making executive decisions all their own. These people work for us. The Bureau of Land Management does have some folks that don’t understand that. They think they are an entity unto them-selves, and they make policy. Well, that is not what the Constitution set up. In fact, the Constitution, in the pre-amble, as my friends know, says: ‘‘We the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, es-tablish Justice, insure domestic Tran-quility. . . .’’ This is what this bill is trying to do. Now, last Congress, my friend, M
AC T
HORNBERRY , had a bill that went ahead and took care of the issue, once and for all, and it was going to sell the land, and this dispute could be over. But since friends in the Senate were not able to come to a conclusion and they still just could not figure out what an appropriate disposition was, then my friend, Mr. T
HORNBERRY , has come back with this bill. It is consistent with what every good parent will tell the child: Before you make a decision, gather all the evi-dence and information you can, then make a more educated, informed deci-sion. That is all this bill does, Mr. Speak-er. It says, we are going to do a survey now. We are going to figure out what land we are talking about. And since the BLM has said we are not even going to even survey that land, we are going to leave it in dispute. We are not going to establish justice. We are going to worry about ‘‘just us’’ at the BLM. We are not going to ensure domestic tranquility. We are going to create chaos, because when we create chaos, then we benefit. We get more land, we put people in jail. Well, this is a simple bill, for heav-en’s sake. It says we are going to do a survey. We are going to see what we have got. That is all the bill does. Why now? Exactly. That is a great question. This should have been done 100 years ago or more than 100 years ago. It wasn’t, so it is time to do it now and ensure domestic tranquility. So all of the parties involved—not the BLM; they are not a party—the Federal Government, the Government of Oklahoma, the Government of Texas, and all the owners involved can, once and for all, have domestic tran-quility. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I respectfully disagree. In the year 2000, when the Red River Compact was approved by Congress, and because of the nature of a compact and because of the requirements of our United States Constitution, which I know my col-leagues abide by, it is a different situa-tion. This could have been addressed if they wanted it addressed, but that is not what was done. It is not over 100 years. We have in-tervening facts, like the compact of 2000, which afforded Congress the op-portunity to look at this and, more im-portantly, the States the opportunity to decide. Now, what did they do? They disagreed on the high-water mark. They did not go into these spe-cific issues. I am sure it is not some-thing that occurred within the last 17 years. This is something that existed all along. So I call everyone’s attention to the compact of 2000. Last year’s bill, H.R. 2130, contained in there the following statements: The Secretary disclaims any right, title, and interest to the land located south of the south bank boundary line in the affected area. It also said that surveys conducted by the Bureau of Land Management be-fore the date of enactment of this act shall have no force or effect in deter-mining the south bank boundary line. So to say that they didn’t do any-thing—or it was being done—the law that was attempted to be passed, it passed out of the House. The bill that passed out of the House contains in it specific language that they are saying they don’t want any of that to apply. So, Mr. Speaker, we come back to, I guess, why? Why? The authority to sur-vey and approve or disapprove the sale or transfer of public lands belongs to the Federal Government acting on be-half of the American people. The Bureau of Land Management has held the authority to examine the ac-curacy of these surveys and make revi-sions, when necessary and, in this in-stance, an ongoing process to make changes began in 2013. It is not like nothing has happened. It has been on-going. The BLM has the tools and au-thority to resolve this survey problem, and Congress should just get out of the way and allow the process to play out. Instead, my colleagues across the aisle want to use the situation as an excuse to make progress on their larger goal, alienating public land. Just last week, they voted to repeal the BLM’s efforts to update their re-source management planning process. BLM’s new rule increased the opportu-nities for the public to engage in the management of public lands and help the agency respond more efficiently to changes taking place in the environ-ment and across the landscape. By repealing BLM’s planning rule, Republicans are ensuring that more disputes like Red River will develop, more public land will be lost or de-stroyed, and more litigation will ensue, all costing taxpayers more money. So, Mr. Speaker, when we talk about H.R. 428, it is just the latest step in a very unpopular, anti-public lands cam-paign. Americans across the country have equal ownership and right to ac-cess and to enjoy all the resources. Whether it is a national park in Mon-tana, a national park in Hawaii that has a volcano, forest lands in Pennsyl-vania, or wetlands in Colorado, the op-portunities afforded through these re-sources belong to us all, regardless of hometown, education, means, or expe-rience. Despite the fact that we are talking about a 160-mile stretch of the Red River, by cutting away at the author-ity and management tools Federal agencies have at their disposal, this bill furthers my colleagues across the aisle’s national public lands agenda and threatens the multiple-use prin-ciple that governs all BLM lands, all while costing the taxpayers the money. It is like adding insult to injury. Not only do we pass a law, but we are also paying the States to do the survey. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Hawaii has 111⁄2min-utes remaining. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I want to conclude by acknowledging that I have read all of the various statements and the cases about the property owners along the Red River. I do understand that providing them with certainty and assurance that their property rights are not threat-ened is a goal that many share. However, it would be unprecedented and would only further complicate matters to transfer the Federal survey authority over public domain to the States. This is not the way our public lands should be managed. There is a transparent, objective process to determine ownership along the Red River. This bill subverts that process and sends $1 million in Federal taxpayers’ money for a State purpose. This is neither fair nor just outcome. With the long, complicated history and various ownership claims along the Red River, BLM has to be allowed to complete its planning process and land survey. It also needs the right to have a say, which this bill, H.R. 428, elimi-nates that right. Congress should not determine the outcome of what essentially amounts to a three-way property dispute by con-ceding Federal authority to a State. BLM has its tools it needs. We just need to get out of the way and let them do their work, which they have been trying to do over the years; and we do know 2013 has begun the process. I urge my colleagues to reject the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1545 Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Now, in summary of what we have heard today, this situation is a result 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.055 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1159 February 14, 2017 
of a silly and suspect survey that has slapped the citizens with uncertainty and soured them for the security be-cause seizing citizen sites has taken place. The question was asked: Where is BLM? That is a good question. Where is BLM? They started this problem 8 years ago and have yet to do anything to try and solve the problem. That is why this bill is here before us because BLM has not done their job. Using a poor survey process, they have simply put people who have done nothing wrong in doubt of their ownership of their property which they have had for generations and have been paying taxes on for years. Yet, in 8 long years, BLM has done nothing to solve the situation to give them the certainty so they know where they stand. That is why the private citizens went to court. The only reason it is in court is because these private citizens were so frustrated with BLM taking so long to do something that could have been done within a matter of weeks, and yet it is now 8 years into a process simply because BLM used a flawed survey. In-stead of using the gradient boundary survey method that the Supreme Court suggests, they did something else which brought them to the unusual conclusion that BLM actually owned 90,000 acres of land on this riverbank that they have never had in their his-tory. Later, they realized that was an un-usual claim, so they lowered it down to: I own 30,000 acres of land—but 30,000 acres of land that has been in private property for years, for generations, they have been paying taxes on it, and now their land is in limbo. They can’t do anything simply because BLM has refused to do its job. It is not just here in Texas. Go across the State boundary to Louisiana where Lake Bistineau has the exact same problem with the exact same survey problems from the same agency, BLM. Go all the way to Colorado with Elk-horn Ranch. Once again, survey prob-lems done by BLM which placed claims on private property that are exorbitant and yet moves at a snail’s pace to try and solve the problem. One of the first issues I dealt with when I came to Congress was Hyde Park, and, once again, the Federal Government—this time it was the For-est Service—taking claim on lands that had been, for generations, in private property and refusing to try and work with the property owners to solve the problem. That is what has been going on for 8 long years with the boundary line between Texas and Oklahoma. Why are we coming here with a bill? Simply because you have got to solve the problem. You have got to fix the problem for people. I have to also say something. The misrepresentation of the BLM planning rule that was presented is a total mis-representation. In fact, when we re-moved that rule, the 2.0 planning rule, we did it because people want to have their voices heard and are eliminated if that planning rule goes into effect. That is why it has to stop, so this type of situation does not happen again. Some people have said this may be an unprecedented concept. Actually, our realization that somebody has to han-dle the situation by actually allowing Oklahoma and Texas to pick qualified surveyors, do the survey—and do the survey—and then coordinate with the tribes so they come up with a process, that is exactly what should have hap-pened in 2009. Because BLM didn’t do it, we are going to bring a bill to make sure they actually get something done. This has been supported by the Texas and Oklahoma Farm Bureaus, the Texas General Land Office, Texas Southwest Cattle Raisers Association, and the people who live in this area who want to have some kind of conclu-sion so they can have their property rights respected. Now, it has been said what we are doing is unprecedented—perhaps. What we are doing is trying to solve the problem to help people; and if it takes an unprecedented action by Congress to solve people’s problem and let them move on with their lives, then that is the responsibility of Congress. We are the ones who establish what the poli-cies should be, not some executive branch agency of government. It is our responsibility. We are doing exactly what the people expect us to do by saying 8 years of un-expected and unanswered questions is far too long. Solve the problem and help people so they know what is their private property and what is not their private property and they can move on with their lives. If that is unprece-dented, then it is about time we did something that is unprecedented. That is important. That is why this bill is here, and that is why this bill is here now. It is com-ing at the beginning of the session be-cause we cannot wait longer for the BLM to actually do what they should have done in 2009. Now, Mr. Speaker, I want you to re-alize we are here on Valentine’s Day. There is nothing special about that, but this is an issue where there has been no love lost. In fact, the land-owners along this river have been sim-ply soaked. But deep in the heart of Texas—all right, I know it is a bound-ary line, but I have got to get the heart in there some way. Deep in the heart of Texas, we are coming forth with a bill that is showing that the love for people who have paid their taxes and lived on this land for generations is not forgot-ten and that BLM has committed a crime of the heart with this land grab. Indeed, Chairman T
HORNBERRY has passionately defended the interests of his constituents who just want to know the government loves them. That is why this bill is here. That is why it needs to be supported, and that is why I urge you to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 99, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 52 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1615 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ) at 4 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m. 
f 
RED RIVER GRADIENT BOUNDARY SURVEY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfin-ished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 428) to survey the gra-dient boundary along the Red River in the States of Oklahoma and Texas, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 250, nays 171, not voting 10, as follows: 
[Roll No. 92] YEAS—250 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.057 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1160 February 14, 2017 
Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—171 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Vela´zquez Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—10 
Beatty Demings Engel Gallego McCaul Mulvaney Rice (NY) Rush Visclosky Zinke 
b1638 Ms. M
CCOLLUM, Messrs. JEFFRIES, and KILDEE changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. PETERS and DOGGETT changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, on February 14, 2017, I missed both voting sessions. If present, I would have voted as follows: ‘‘Yes’’—Previous Question on H. Res. 99. ‘‘Yes’’—H. Res. 99—The combined rule pro-viding for consideration of the bill H.R. 428— Red River Gradient Boundary Survey Act and of the bill H.J. Res. 42—Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to drug testing of unemployment compensa-tion applicants. ‘‘Yes’’—Previous Question on H. Res. 116. ‘‘Yes’’—H. Res. 116—The combined rule providing for consideration of the bill H.J. Res. 66—Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings ar-rangements established by States for non-gov-ernmental employees and of the bill H.J. Res. 67—Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings ar-rangements established by qualified State po-litical subdivisions for non-governmental em-ployees. ‘‘Yes’’—H.R. 428—Red River Gradient Boundary Survey Act. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 43, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF FINAL RULE BY SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERV-ICES; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDER-ATION OF H.J. RES. 69, PRO-VIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF FINAL RULE OF DEPARTMENT OF THE INTE-RIOR; AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 17, 2017, THROUGH FEBRUARY 24, 2017 Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–12) on the resolution (H. Res. 123) providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 43) pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by Secretary of Health and Human Services relating to compliance with title X requirements by project recipi-ents in selecting subrecipients; pro-viding for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 69) providing for congressional disapproval under chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of the Interior relating to ‘‘Non-Subsistence Take of Wildlife, and Public Participa-tion and Closure Procedures, on Na-tional Wildlife Refuges in Alaska’’; and providing for proceedings during the period from February 17, 2017, through February 24, 2017, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
PROVIDING FOR A JOINT SESSION OF CONGRESS TO RECEIVE A MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I send to the desk a privileged concurrent res-olution and ask for its immediate con-sideration. The Clerk read the concurrent reso-lution, as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 23 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That the two Houses of Congress assemble in the Hall of the House of Representatives on Tuesday, February 28, 2017, at 9 p.m., for the purpose of receiving such communication as the President of the United States shall be pleased to make to them. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
AMERICAN HEART MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today, there will be a lot of focus on hearts, and I would like to talk about heart health. February marks American Heart Month, which is an annual awareness 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.015 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1161 February 14, 2017 
campaign for the number one killer in the United States—heart disease. The first American Heart Month was declared in 1964 by President Lyndon B. Johnson. While the death rate from heart disease has dropped considerably since the 1960s, we still have much work to do. More than 17 million deaths a year are attributed to heart disease and stroke. But studies show that 80 per-cent of cardiac events and strokes are preventable. What is truly important for Ameri-cans to know is that heart disease is within their control if they have a fam-ily history where a loved one has suf-fered, or even died, from heart disease. The good news is that the risk of heart disease can be lowered through a healthy lifestyle and regular checkups. It is my hope that all Americans will take their heart health seriously and educate themselves on how to lead a healthy life in the spirit of American Heart Month. 
f 
PROVIDENCE COLLEGE CENTENNIAL (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, on February 14, 1917, the Diocese of Provi-dence, the Dominican Friars of the Providence of St. Joseph, and the State of Rhode Island established Providence College. Like our great Nation, Providence College was founded on principles of tolerance and acceptance. Its charter states that no student shall be denied admission or honors due to religious opinion. One hundred years later, Americans would do well to follow this example. Led by Reverend Brian Shanley, the president of this outstanding academic institution, Providence College con-tinues to enrich the lives of its stu-dents and the State of Rhode Island. It is a leader in research and academic excellence, and its scholars encourage young people to question the world around them and serve their commu-nities. The Ocean State is fortunate to be home to such a venerable institution. As a lifelong Rhode Islander, I am so proud to celebrate its centennial and recognize its continued success today. Happy 100th anniversary, Providence College. 
f 
b1645 NORTH KOREA IS A TERRORISM STATE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, when I met with Admiral Harris of Pacific Command last year, I asked him which nation’s threats concerned him the most. He quickly replied: North Korea. Proving Admiral Harris correct, North Korea illegally launched yet an-other menacing ballistic missile. This was a high-tech, pre-fueled rocket that can be launched quickly. This type of rocket has a range of about 1,800 miles—thus, making it an immediate threat to South Korea and Japan as well as our troops that are stationed there. North Korea has even bigger plans. Kim Jong-un reportedly plans to de-velop submarines from which to launch the missiles, which could threaten the United States. The last administration pursued an ignorant strategy called strategic patience. That policy clearly failed. North Korea’s program is now stronger than ever. Kim Jong-un’s threats continue to grow bolder and bolder with no repercussions. Once upon a time, the United States had North Korea on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. It is time to put lit-tle Kim back on that list because he is a world terrorist and a threat to world peace, and he has earned that distinc-tion. And that is just the way it is. f 
ACCESS TO COUNSEL ACT (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, yester-day I introduced my first bill, H.R. 1006, the Access to Counsel Act; and it was a great pleasure to work with my colleague in the Senate, Senator K
AMALA HARRIS , who introduced that companion version. The legislation is a direct response to the President’s mis-guided Muslim ban. In the chaos following the release of the executive order, people across the country were detained at airports and denied opportunities to consult with hundreds of attorneys who were there ready to provide legal support. Some of these people were deported without any access to due process. Even now, we are getting reports of people who are lit-erally relinquishing their legal perma-nent resident status without con-sulting with anybody because they don’t understand what they are sign-ing. Detention and deportation without due process happens far too often, even though due process is a right that we hold so dear as Americans. For years, we have heard these cases of people being denied the right to counsel, and my bill, the Access to Counsel Act, en-sures that anyone who is detained by CBP or held in ICE custody will get ac-cess to counsel. This is a commonsense measure, and I know that there are many who are fearful of what will come next. I want them to know that we will continue to fight for their rights and for their ac-cess to due process. CELEBRATING THE ELIZABETH TAYLOR AIDS FOUNDATION (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate The Elizabeth TAYLOR AIDS Foundation for its ef-forts and commitment to transform the lives for those living with HIV/ AIDS. Since its creation in 1991, this foun-dation has advanced Elizabeth Taylor’s dream to create a future free of HIV/ AIDS by supporting organizations de-livering care and services for people living with this disease. Today, the Foundation remains a leading player in the fight to end the HIV/AIDS epidemic by providing grants to global programs that seek to fund education, to raise awareness, and to create innovative treatments for pa-tients. As the co-chair of the Congressional HIV/AIDS Caucus, I have had the op-portunity to work with this foundation over the years to help improve the lives of patients and advance research efforts that can lead to a cure for this terrible disease. I celebrate The Elizabeth Taylor AIDS Foundation, and I look forward to continuing to work with it to realize our common dream of an AIDS-free generation in the U.S. and, indeed, throughout the world. 
f 
CONGRATULATIONS UCONN WOMEN’S BASKETBALL TEAM (Mr. COURTNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, at 11 p.m. last night, the UConn women’s basketball team once again stunned the sporting world and, really, the Na-tion by winning their 100th straight win against a very good team, the Uni-versity of South Carolina. Again, Mr. Speaker, the UConn women just continue to defy the laws of gravity. They have won 11 NCAA ti-tles, again, shattering all records be-fore them, and the 100th win was ex-ceeding the last record which the UConn women set a number of years ago in terms of consecutive wins. Coach Geno Auriemma has an ex-traordinary program, which has almost a perfect record of graduation. These are true student athletes. Last night, Gabby Williams, Napheesa Collier, Kia Nurse, and Crystal Dangerfield once again made us proud in the State of Connecticut to be the home of real champions. Again, congratulations. You are in unchartered waters now at 100 wins and counting, and we look forward to more success in the future. Go Huskies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.062 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1162 February 14, 2017 
UPDATE ON OROVILLE DAM (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, well, it has been national news, the situation going on in northern California, where the Oroville Dam is. Obviously, there has been some damage and destruction to the main concrete spillway, as well as the situation with the lake rising and finally going for the first time in 48 years over the emergency spillway. The dam itself, the earthen struc-ture, 770 feet tall is solid. The emer-gency spillway is being evaluated, but so far it looks stable itself. It is the issue of the soil in front of it that needs to be stabilized during these days where there is dry weather, where it can be stabilized with rock and con-crete. So what we need to know is: Why did this happen? This would be what we do later on. First, we need to take care of the emer-gency situation, the State resources and Federal resources pulling together to make sure people are safe and that the dam remains sound and that we don’t lose the structure. It looks good. I think things are sta-ble for right now. We also need prayer for no more rain for a while, or at least not overwhelming amounts of rain. So it looks good. We just need patience also from the people that are in the flood plain that have been evacuated to listen to their emergency personnel and follow with that so that they are kept safe during this time of the emergency. So I think good efforts are underway, and we will investigate later on what went wrong. 
f 
COMMITMENT TO CIVILITY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. GALLAGHER). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. J
OHNSON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Louisiana? There was no objection. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, today a bipartisan group of 46 freshman Members of this 115th U.S. Congress, representing red and blue States from coast to coast, released a document that we have entitled the ‘‘Commitment to Civility.’’ This evening, I am grateful to be joined on the floor by 21 different lead-ers of our class, representing diverse districts in 15 different States across our great Nation to speak to this im-portant and very timely issue. This commitment document was cre-ated in early January following our initial meetings together as a class. We discussed our mutual intent to serve the best interest of the country, and to return to statesmanship that was re-vered and modeled by the great leaders of our history. I drafted this document to memori-alize our Members’ agreement to, among other things, work towards re-storing collegiality and civility in the Congress; encouraging more productive dialogue; and building consensus and strengthening the public’s trust in America’s institutions. This document is not intended in any way as a criticism of anyone else in any other Chamber or branch of the government. Rather, it represents the mutual commitments of the Members of our class that we have made among and between ourselves. As we teach our own children, we often have no control over what others may do, but we are ultimately respon-sible for our own actions. Personally, I want to say how encouraging it is to work with others from across the polit-ical spectrum who want to lead by ex-ample and work to restore civility in our public discourse. There may never have been a more important time for that very important effort. I am one who is regarded as probably being among the most conservative Members of the Congress, and I will never deviate from my core principles. However, I am mindful to always re-member that while some of my col-leagues and I may have very different ideas and core political philosophies, at the end of the day, we are all Ameri-cans and we are all made in the image of God; thus, we believe we should act accordingly. Before my esteemed colleagues come to share their thoughts on this impor-tant subject, I would like to introduce and read into the CONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD , the document we refer to as the ‘‘Commitment to Civility.’’ It reads as follows: ‘‘As new Members of the United States House of Representatives and as individual citizens we recognize the gravity of the responsibility we have been given and the significance of this moment in the history of our extraor-dinary country. ‘‘America remains the most free, most powerful and most prosperous na-tion in all the world, and yet we face significant challenges. Among these challenges has been an increasing divi-sion in and coarsening of our culture fueled too often by the vitriol in our politics and public discourse. One re-sult has been a loss of trust in our in-stitutions and elected officials. ‘‘We believe there is a better alter-native. ‘‘Although we represent both polit-ical parties and a wide range of indi-vidual views across the political spec-trum, our common and sincere aims are to serve the needs and interests of the American people, to work with one another and the leaders of our respec-tive parties to encourage greater con-fidence in our institutions, and to set an example of statesmanship for the younger generation of Americans that will follow. ‘‘To this end, we are dedicated to showing proper respect to one another and all others, encouraging productive dialogue, and modeling civility in our public and private actions. While we may vehemently disagree on matters of law and policy, we will strive at all times to maintain collegiality and the honor of our office. ‘‘We believe that a leader can be co-operative and conciliatory without compromising his or her core prin-ciples, and we will remember that our political rivals in Congress are not our enemies—but rather our colleagues and fellow Americans. We also believe that maintaining a spirit of mutual under-standing and cooperation will help make government work more effi-ciently and effectively, help build con-sensus and restore the public trust, and, ultimately, serve as a positive in-fluence on society at large. ‘‘For all of these reasons, we hereby pledge our names to this Commitment to Civility on this 10th day of January, 2017, in Washington, D.C.’’ The document is signed by 46 incom-ing Members of the 115th Congress. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I am de-lighted to yield to 21 different leaders of our class, representing both political parties and 15 different States across our great land. Each will express their own thoughts on this important sub-ject. I begin by yielding to the gentle-woman from California (Ms. BARRAGA ´N). Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Congressman M
IKE JOHNSON from Louisiana, for helping coordinate this effort. When I got here to Washington for orientation, I will never forget very early on, one of my colleagues, Con-gressman J
ODEY ARRINGTON from Texas, came up to me and said: I want to introduce myself. And he did. He was the first Republican that came up to me and said: I want to get to know you on a personal level. I want to be your friend because we are going to be working together. I have to tell you how impressed I was that somebody was reaching out across the aisle because they wanted to develop a personal relationship, know-ing that we would be able to work to-gether. Later on, I got to meet the rest of my colleagues at Harvard, where they have a bipartisan program that is a wonder-ful program and gives you an oppor-tunity to help build these relation-ships, which I think is so important, especially today in our time. We just got off one of the ugliest elections in history where it really felt as if civility disappeared. Today it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:02 May 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\FEBRUARY\H14FE7.REC H14FE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1163 February 14, 2017 
sometimes still feels that way, which is why I think this is such an important effort. As Members of Congress, we need to set an example of statesmanship for younger generations of Americans to follow. We must remember that every person should be respected. Somebody yesterday said something that really struck a chord. It is not that we need to agree on everything or that we need to agree all the time, but we need to learn to disagree better. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ). b1700 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of the fresh-man class’s commitment to civility. Before the Revolutionary War, a 16- year-old George Washington copied 110 rules for civil behavior out of his school book. The last of Washington’s rules of civility, as they are now called, is this: ‘‘Labor to keep alive in your breast that little spark of celestial fire called conscience.’’ Conscience: That should be our guide in everything we do, both here in Con-gress and back home—for me, in Michi-gan’s First District. Conscience is why, as a Member of the freshman class of the 115th Congress, I have made a com-mitment to open and civil debate. We are facing many challenges in our country. And the folks here and back in Michigan, all across the land, on both sides of the aisle, have many dif-ferent ideas about where we need to be and what we need to do to get there. That is democracy at work. Being civil means that the best and most effective ideas have a real chance to be heard. If we truly desire to move forward as a country, we have to do it together. We must treat each other with dignity and respect. We must be civil. This freshman class has dedicated itself across party lines to setting the example for ourselves and for our col-leagues here in Congress and for all of our constituents. Mr. Speaker, I will uphold these standards, and I trust that my col-leagues will also do the same. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank the general for his service to our country. I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. S
UOZZI ). Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the freshman class’s effort to encourage civility in this Chamber and in our political dis-course generally. Americans are divided. Hate speech and hate crimes are spiking. Fake news is increasing. Terrorism threatens the world, and 60 million refugees are dis-placed across the globe. The public is convinced that elected officials don’t seem to get much done regarding the shrinking middle class, immigration reform, climate change, gun violence, and a whole bunch more. What should we do? Love thy neighbor: That may seem like a simplistic public policy prescrip-tion, but love thy neighbor is a concept that can be found across many tradi-tions. If we are going to get Republicans and Democrats to actually come to-gether as people of goodwill in search of the common good, it is going to re-quire us to rely on some shared prin-ciples. Faith and religious beliefs are the most effective, existing sources of com-monality that may be relied upon. If people of different political philoso-phies actually believed that their oppo-nents were similarly motivated by a common set of values to love thy neighbor, I believe we would get a lot more talking and problem-solving and, yes, less yelling and screaming. Even nonreligious Americans have a fundamental belief in the religion- based concept of love thy neighbor. Discussing issues civilly and rooted in shared faith and values will result in more good work being accomplished. The good news is that, during the first 6 weeks, I found that many of my colleagues seemed genuinely inspired by their faith and their values. Maybe if we all agree to be civil and recognize that many of us here are motivated by the same command to love thy neigh-bor, we might be a little more effec-tive. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GALLAGHER ). Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I come from a place called Wisconsin. Besides having the world’s best cheese and football franchise, we are known for being good neighbors. You may have heard of the phrase ‘‘Wisconsin nice.’’ Well, that is a real thing, as any Bears or Lions or Vikings fans who have come to Lambeau Field and been greeted, not with jeers, but with a, wel-come, it is good to have you have found out. The disparity between how we do business in Wisconsin and how business gets done or doesn’t in Washington, D.C., couldn’t be wider. Well, I am of the humble opinion that the world needs more of what we do in Wisconsin and less of how Washington, D.C., tra-ditionally operates. At a time when politics seems more deeply divided than ever, further de-based by an endless media cycle that rewards vitriol and scandal, at a time when faith in our basic institutions is diminishing, I think the overwhelming majority of the American people are looking for something better. They sent us here to fight for our ideas, not to demonize the other side in a cynical attempt to get on TV or fundraise. The American people voted against the pol-itics of the past, which only seeks to divide us and stir up controversy. We can do better. We must do better. That is why I salute all of my col-leagues for joining in this effort. I be-lieve we, the freshmen Members of the 115th Congress, can be different. I be-lieve that, through working together, we can break through the politics of the past and offer something better for the American people. I believe we can prove there is still room for civil, seri-ous discourse in our political system. Now, a commitment to civility doesn’t mean we are going to agree on everything. I suspect there will be le-gitimate battles ahead, but let it be a battle of ideas not political theater. I intend to come armed to that fight with all the weapons I have at my dis-posal, foremost among them, my fer-vent belief in my conservative ideas. And I don’t expect to convert my Democratic friends, but I expect them to come armed with their ideas, and I intend to listen. In that process of seri-ous debate, maybe—just maybe—we will learn something from one another and find ways to fix our Nation’s prob-lems together. Imagine if we were able to do that. Well, I am looking forward to trying. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. MARSHALL ). Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I too am honored to be part of the 115th Con-gress, the freshman class, a group of people who want to work together. I think back to my campaign the last two years, and one of the most com-mon concerns I had from people were: Why can’t people in Congress get along? Why can’t you respect each other? What I saw day after day was the left and the right yelling at each other and the press throwing gasoline on top of that fire. I remember, growing up, my dad had a saying: If you don’t have something good to say about somebody, then don’t say it. That is always something that I have taken to heart. I think back to my sixth grade teach-er, Mrs. Tyner. Her word for the entire year was ‘‘respect.’’ She taught us to respect ourselves and respect each other, and that is what I would like to bring to the 115th Congress, is respect for each other, for each other’s points of views, and never question someone’s intentions or motivations. I believe in iron sharpening iron and coming up with better ideas together. I believe in defining problems together, to talk about the problem, and then discuss solutions together. The hope is that you and I, my friends across the aisle and down the aisle, together we can come up with better solutions for this country. I be-lieve that national defense is not a Re-publican or a Democrat issue. I believe the economy is not a conservative or a liberal issue. I think these are Amer-ican issues that we need to fight to make better. I certainly don’t think that health care is a Republican or Democrat issue. My pledge is to work with civility, to work with respect toward my col-leagues across the aisle and down the aisle. I look forward to making Amer-ica a better place to live. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.065 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1164 February 14, 2017 
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ). Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recommit myself to work first and foremost for the interest of the American public, regardless of political ideology. I am under no illusion about the overwhelming partisanship that per-meates this Congress. But I believe that, as vigorously as we debate our policy differences, we should also com-mit to upholding the principles of civil-ity and respect to encourage produc-tive discourse. To this end, we must work together, when at all possible, to advance the policy that serves our con-stituents and our country. In this effort, I reflect on my service in the United States Marine Corps. We did not first stop to question whether our fellow marine was a Democrat or a Republican. We counted on each other to protect and defend our country. That is the approach to service we should aspire to in this distinguished legislative body. On the issues of national security and to provide for the needs of the American people, there is no doubt in my mind that there is more that unites us than divides us. I look forward to working with my colleagues here today to do just that. In the infamous words of President Kennedy: ‘‘Let us not seek the Repub-lican answer or the Democratic answer, but the right answer.’’ Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ). Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with my fellow freshmen of the 115th Congress and commit to civility. The 435 of us represent 320 million Americans. With a population that large and that diverse, we are going to have our differences. We are going to disagree which direction the Nation needs to go. With a free and open de-mocracy, we all have that right. Vig-orous discussion makes us stronger. However, despite our differences, we are all still Americans, we want what is best for our country, and we must keep our debates respectful. We are all Americans first before we are Repub-licans, Democrats, Independents; and we can’t forget this. As Americans, we do have major issues facing us; and the world is look-ing to us to be leaders and find solu-tions. We must remain civil to each other to achieve this goal. Let’s not forget that ISIS will never ask if we are Republicans or Democrats. The un-employment line doesn’t ask if we are Republicans or Democrats either. The Federal deficit doesn’t care if we are Republicans or Democrats. These are shared issues, and we are all in this to-gether. Politics is a contact sport, or so I am told. It has been that way since George Washington was President and Thomas Jefferson funded an opposition paper against him, all the while serving in his Cabinet. Still, today, character as-sassinations are a common occurrence in our political landscape, and it is wrong. Americans are at our finest when we work toward our common goals respectfully. I spent nearly 30 years in the Air Force, and, during that time, I was for-tunate to hold five commands. It didn’t matter to me or our mission if a subor-dinate or a teammate was a Republican or Democrat. We fought in Iraq, stood up missile defenses in Israel, and con-ducted missions worldwide as Ameri-cans, not as Republicans or Democrats. In the Air Force, we were all Ameri-cans, we are all airmen, and we all had one common goal. We need more of that on Capitol Hill. We are all Ameri-cans, we are all Members of Congress, and we all care about the future of our country. One day, like all of us, I will meet our Creator. And when I do, I believe He will not care about what political party I associated myself with, but He will care how I treated my brothers and sisters. Let us agree to be a bright light on how to treat each other while we debate the issues we care about. Let us, in the 115th Congress, all agree to work together, be civil to each other, be respectful with each other, and remember we are Americans before we are Republicans or Democrats. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. PANETTA ). Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. J
OHNSON ) for this opportunity. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to discuss our commitment to civility, a promise that I have made to my constituents at home and a promise that I have made to my colleagues here in Washington, D.C. Prior to my being sworn in, during my campaign of 2016, the number one question I heard and I received from the people in my district on the Cen-tral Coast of California was: Why would you want to go to Washington, D.C., right now? I heard that over and over and over. I heard that people were dissatisfied with the dysfunction in Congress. I heard that they were disgusted with the partisanship of Congress. I heard that they were disheartened with our system of government. And I believe that it is that sentiment that lent to the denouement of November 8. I admit I was disappointed by the Presidential election, and I believe that partisanship that was displayed during that election continued in Washington, D.C. It started when I got here for new Member orientation. When we got here as freshmen, Re-publicans and Democrats, we were automatically split up. I did not get to know my fellow freshmen Republican colleagues here in D.C. It wasn’t until we went on to Boston and Virginia that we actually took time to get to know each other, where they are from, and what they were about. What I can tell you—the thing that I say that gives hope to so many peo-ple—is that my freshman class heard the exact same things during this past election: That it is time that we get things done and that we do it together. Now, I believe that once we get past these turbulent times at this point, I do hope we can work together on issues that affect our country, be it immigra-tion reform, investment in our infra-structure, and ensuring that our health care is not just accessible but afford-able. b1715 But I also realize, as many of you, that that is easier said than done. Yet I believe that to get things done in Congress, you have to treat it like a marathon and not a sprint, and I be-lieve that we begin this race by build-ing relationships. My predecessor, Congressman Sam Farr, spent 23 years representing the place I call home on the central coast of California. He will tell you that for most of that time he was in the minor-ity, yet he was able to get numerous things done; and he will tell you that the way he was able to do it is by rela-tionships, with Democrats and Repub-licans. I can tell you that Sam’s predecessor would say the exact same thing; and I can tell you that Sam’s predecessor and his three roommates, whom I was able to live with back in the eighties, would all say the same thing, that it is the personal chemistry amongst people here in Washington, D.C., that will lead to our ability to compromise profes-sionally. That is what we must de-velop. That is why I am honored and pleased to enter into this commitment of civility, for that is the first ingre-dient to that chemistry that we must strive for. And I believe that this com-mitment that we have all taken to each other, to our communities, and to our country, that will lead to our con-stituents’ confidence, not just in Con-gress, but in our democracy. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. L
EWIS). Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to join in this commit-ment to civility. First off, I want to thank all of my freshmen colleagues on both sides of the aisle for participating today and going through the orientation and get-ting to know one another. It was a wonderful experience. I had the pleas-ure of talking with many of them over the last few weeks, and they share many of the same goals as I do, as this entire body does. I agree with many of my colleagues on many issues. I can safely say I also disagree with some of them on a few issues. But while we may disagree, we do not assume that they are acting in bad faith. Rather than dismiss those who disagree with us, we must use that disagreement to challenge ourselves to be better. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.067 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1165 February 14, 2017 
You see, this process isn’t easy, and addressing the issues our Nation is fac-ing isn’t easy either. In fact, I would argue, our ability to get things done, why we were sent here, rests on the ability to participate in productive po-litical dialogue and discourse. So substituting sincere communica-tion, honest debate with grandstanding or a political ambush or shouting loud-er than somebody else is too clever by half, and it will not get the things done that we need to get done. Shouting louder than your neighbor doesn’t ac-complish anything other than silencing your neighbor. In fact, that is not progress; that is an affront to free speech and the ability to listen to all of those around us. It doesn’t help, when we shout over each other, help you un-derstand your neighbor’s beliefs, and it doesn’t help your neighbor understand your beliefs. Now, I am reminded of this quote that gets used all too often these days: While I disapprove or might disapprove of what you say, I will defend to the death your right to say it. So we may disagree with each other, we may even disapprove of what some-body else says, but it is important to know, it is always important to let each other say it. Freedom of speech is not limited to the loudest among us; it is a right afforded to all of us. Of course, this commitment to civil-ity doesn’t mean we don’t believe in the essence of free speech or the right and necessity to disagree with one an-other. We will. It simply means that we will do it in way that respects the rights of everyone. We believe, and so should those who oppose our policies, that the right to speak also entails the right to be heard. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ). Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address our commitment to civility. Let me quote: ‘‘Civility is not a tac-tic or a sentiment. It is the determined choice of trust over cynicism, of com-munity over chaos.’’ President George W. Bush spoke these words at his first inaugural address in 2001. It was a time for new beginnings then, and it is a time for new beginnings now. I cannot think of a more well-inten-tioned way to begin the 115th Congress than to join my awesome freshman class, from both sides, in committing to work together civilly to unify and further strengthen our great Nation. Through this commitment, we promise to put people before politics, to thoughtfully advocate for the needs of our communities, and to renew con-fidence and trust in our political sys-tem. Although we may disagree on a number of issues, this commitment we make to each other today ensures that we will work together to always pro-mote a positive and constructive dis-course in our critically important work as representatives of the American peo-ple. This job is not about any one of us individually, but about the hundreds of thousands of people we represent throughout our districts. As a Rep-resentative of the people’s House, we are expected to provide positive leader-ship, a strong voice, and to set the ex-ample for the American people. The ability to agree to disagree and to voice our differences is a critical part of the unique freedoms we cherish as Americans, but we must always do so respectfully. Malicious discourse is a disservice to those who risked their lives to fight for our freedoms and ev-erything that our great Nation stands for. It is truly unfortunate that the tone of political discourse throughout our Nation has become so contentious and hostile. It is detrimental to fostering an open and productive dialogue and the unity of our Nation. The commit-ment our class makes today solidifies this promise to work together peace-fully to provide leadership and inspira-tion to the American people, while fur-ther promoting the freedoms and indi-vidual rights that make our Nation the greatest in the world. We must look at 2017 positively, as a time for new beginnings. In the wake of new leadership, we are provided with a new opportunity for a fresh start and the chance to advance our shared mis-sion of putting the American people first. It is my hope that the efforts of our great freshman class today, which, I argue, could be one of the greatest of this august body’s history, will inspire people throughout the Nation to turn toward civility and to always treat each other with respect, despite our differences. I thank my freshman colleagues who have all accepted—almost all have ac-cepted—this particular commitment, and I especially would like to thank the gentleman from Louisiana for lead-ing us on this very important issue. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Delaware (Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER ). Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to add my voice to the chorus of new Members of the 115th Congress. It is fitting that we make this com-mitment on Valentine’s Day. It is a holiday to show appreciation and also love, and I think that is what this is really about. It is about our love for our country and our love for our friends and families and neighbors. It is also about civility, and to me, civility is not about the what. We can all disagree on the what. Civility is about the how. It is about our tone. It is about our tenor. It is about the words that we choose to use, and it is about respect. As freshmen, our class is special. I feel we are special. Just like Claudia said, we are actually awesome. And it was really telling that, at one of our retreats, orientations, we came to-gether and we asked if we could just be alone, no staff, no one else in the room—just us. We actually said: Let’s try to find common ground. Who here has a port? Who here has served in pub-lic life? Again, our goal wasn’t to find ways to divide, but to find ways to come together. If we expect civility from others, in-cluding our children, then we need to model it. Our signatures on this docu-ment show our commitment to civility, to caring, and, most of all, to getting things done. That is what America wants, and that is what America de-serves. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SMUCKER ). Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to represent the people of Penn-sylvania’s 16th Congressional District and to serve the community in which I grew up. I was very pleased a few months ago to come to Washington and join the new Member orientation. It was a great opportunity for all of us to meet our new colleagues on both sides of the aisle; and I must say, as has already been mentioned, I was impressed. As we got to know one another and talk about our vision for this upcoming Congress, we all agreed we wanted to work together as much as possible. We decided we wanted to work to find com-mon ground. Today, across Pennsylvania and across America, finding common ground between Republicans and Democrats looks and sounds nearly im-possible. We here in Congress may dis-agree on the issues, we may disagree on the solutions, but that is good. That is good because the purpose of this Cham-ber is to be a deliberative body. It is good because, collectively, we rep-resent a wide range of issues across the political spectrum—we are supposed to—and, in fact, we are even expected to disagree, but we must always do so in a civil and respectful manner. We must understand that, while we may disagree on the issues and solu-tions, we share, all of us, the common goal of serving our constituents and of improving their lives. We must under-stand that just because we may dis-agree with one another, that doesn’t mean the other side is un-American or out to get us. Arthur Brooks, President of the American Enterprise Institute, calls this ‘‘political motive asymmetry.’’ Brooks says: ‘‘A majority of people in our country today who are politically active believe that they are motivated by love but the other side is motivated by hate.’’ Now, I know I might disagree with some of my colleagues, but I can tell you, they are not motivated by hate. If we are to be successful in this Chamber and in discussions in our communities across the country, we must rid our discourse of this political motive asymmetry. Then we will be able, to-gether, to find solutions more easily to the problems that we face. I am hopeful that our freshman class, along with the rest of our colleagues on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.069 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1166 February 14, 2017 
both sides of the aisle, will be able to do what is stated in our commitment to civility: ‘‘make the government work more efficiently and more effec-tively, help build consensus and restore public trust, and, ultimately, serve as a positive influence on society at large.’’ We here in Congress are charged with an enormous task. In today’s divisive and heated public discourse, we must be an example to our constituents by showing respect for one another at all times. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. K
HANNA ). Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the freshman initiative on ci-vility. I thank Congressman J
OHNSON  for his leadership. I want to echo the remarks of Con-gressman S
UOZZI and Congresswoman B
LUNT ROCHESTER about getting things done. We have disagreements on many issues. I don’t think I voted with the Republicans on almost any issue since I have been in this body. On economic issues, I come from a perspective of economic populism and a very different perspective than Members on the other side. But we also have areas of common agreement. Congressman G
ALLAGHER  and Congressman A
RRINGTON have talked about term limits, and that is an area of potential agreement. Con-gressman R
OONEY has talked about get-ting PAC money out of politics. Con-gressman W
ILLHURDhas talked about cybersecurity and tech jobs. So my view is that, in areas where we disagree, we should disagree with spirit and conviction, but that doesn’t mean that there won’t be areas where we can agree. And on a personal note, Congressman F
ITZPATRICK represents the district where I was born and where my parents are, so I have to be civil, certainly, to him and the other side. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
RIST). Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support this important document as well. Friends, we may have vastly dif-ferent views on how best to create a more perfect Union, along with dif-ferent styles and different temperaments, but we all share a com-mitment and, frankly, a responsibility to bring the voice of the people to Washington, D.C. I am honored to represent much of Pinellas County and my hometown of St. Petersburg, Florida, and I promise to fight for the needs of my home. But I pledge to do so in keeping with what is known as the Golden Rule: Do unto others as you would have done unto you. This is a rule that I strive to live by every single day. Poll after poll shows that Floridians and, frankly, all Americans are fed up with the divisiveness and rancor of Washington. As we move forward de-bating the issues of the day, let us be mindful of the words of President Abra-ham Lincoln: ‘‘Though passions may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection.’’ b1730 I am proud that our freshman class— yes, this awesome freshman class—has put forward its commitment to civil-ity. It states that, despite our political differences, at the end of the day we must work together to move our coun-try forward, putting people over poli-tics and treating one another with mu-tual respect and much more grace even when we may disagree. I thank, again, the gentleman from Louisiana and the gentlewoman from California for their leadership and for their friendship, putting people over politics. God bless you all, and God bless America. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ). Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank all the members of the freshman class—members of both political parties and of every political background—who have joined us to-night in signing the commitment to ci-vility pledge: love thy neighbor, no ex-ceptions. Seeing 46 Republicans and Democrats make this public commit-ment is encouraging for this Chamber and for the constituents that we serve. We can all agree that our Nation is facing some serious challenges. From increasing opportunity in an evolving economy to keeping our families safe from threats at home and abroad, the list in front of this body is heavy enough, and the last thing we need is to make that problem-solving even tougher. A statement made on the Sen-ate floor last week offered a stark mes-sage: it is simply not possible to exist as a nation when half of its citizens hate the other half. If we are willing to end friendships or block our family members because of Facebook posts, we are not heading in the right direc-tion. Despite the incredible responsibility entrusted to each of us by those whom we represent, this Congress has not been immune to the hardening of polit-ical division. However, we must not ac-cept our current discourse as the new normal. Yet there is hope. There is hope be-cause the Members standing with me tonight and those who have joined our pledge are willing to say, first and fore-most, we are Americans, and the per-son I may disagree with—even vehe-mently—is still an American. Just be-cause someone has different viewpoints or policy priorities or a different letter next to their name does not make them our enemy. This Congress can and must play a part in restoring the civility and re-spect that makes productive dialogue possible. I am not saying we’ll agree on everything, but a spirit of mutual un-derstanding, mutual respect, and mu-tual cooperation is the bedrock for making our government and our com-munities work. Whether we are elected officials, moms, dads, neighbors, community leaders, students—or anyone—we must remember that there is more that unites us than divides us. That is a commitment I am willing to make my colleagues and constituents this evening. Again, I want to thank my col-leagues, the gentleman from Louisiana and the gentlewoman from California, for all their work. I look forward to working with our awesome freshman class going forward. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank all these colleagues. We were anticipating remarks from Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. C OMER of Kentucky, Mr. R
ASKIN of Maryland, and Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, but their schedules have suddenly taken them away this evening. Mr. Speaker, I will close. As you can see, our commitment to civility is sincere and important to each of us and, we believe, to the Con-gress and to our country. As we said at the outset here, there may never have been a more important time for a com-mitment like this. Perhaps it is appro-priate that our hour happened to be as-signed here on this Valentine’s Day. I am reminded, as I close, of the bib-lical admonition given to us in Philippians, Chapter 2, Verses 3 through 4. It reads as follows: ‘‘Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit. Rather, in humility, value oth-ers above yourselves, not looking to your own interests but each of you to the interests of the others.’’ Mr. Speaker, if we can do these things, we will do well by our excep-tional Nation. I thank all of my esteemed col-leagues for participating tonight and all those who signed this commitment. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RESIGNATION OF MICHAEL FLYNN AND RUSSIAN INFLUENCE (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, the res-ignation of President Trump’s national security adviser, Michael Flynn, is the third Trump senior adviser to resign amid allegation of ties to Russia and the Kremlin. Two others were attached to the Trump campaign: his manager, Paul Manafort, and Russian energy ad-viser, Carter Page. Meanwhile, Russia’s Putin is the same KGB thug he always has been, continuing to invade countries in east-ern and central Europe and propa-gating a war in Syria as well as a bloody war against Ukraine. The American people deserve to know the full extent of Russia’s finan-cial, personal, and political grip on the Trump administration, and Congress 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.070 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1167 February 14, 2017 
should meet its constitutional respon-sibilities to protect our national secu-rity and to protect our Nation against all enemies, foreign and domestic. The American people need to know whether Russian creditors or their intermediaries are helping prop up the Trump commercial empire. This Con-gress needs to do its job, conduct hear-ings, subpoena witnesses, and bring truth to the American people about the Trump administration’s ties to Russia. 
f 
HONORING DR. THOMAS FREEMAN OF TEXAS SOUTHERN UNIVERSITY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, this is a commemoration of African American History Month. It is a vital month. It is a month that tells Amer-ica’s history. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to salute a distinguished American, Dr. Thomas Freeman, who has been a faculty mem-ber at Texas Southern University now for more than half a century. Dr. Free-man is the leading orator of the univer-sity, the leading storyteller. He is the instructor of the Honorable Barbara Jordan, my predecessor. He taught her the skills to be able to sit before the Judiciary Committee during the impeachment of Richard Milhous Nixon and say, ‘‘We, the people.’’ He is the individual that has taught and tutored decades of students—tens upon tens—from a school that is a his-torically Black school and called and taught his students to be successful in debates around the world. He is a history maker. He is now close to 100 years old. He is deserving of honor and tradition. I close, Mr. Speaker, by saying, in our community, he is the tiller and the holder of the values of the Constitu-tion. I know that he deserves honor on this floor. Dr. Freeman, I salute you. You de-serve the honor and recognition as a great American. 
f 
CALIFORNIA WATER INFRASTRUCTURE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
ALLAGHER ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 min-utes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I see a couple of my colleagues have arrived and would like to speak, so I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ). 
COMMITMENT TO CIVILITY  
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) for the exemplary act of civility in allowing me and another late-arriving colleague to be part of the freshman class presentation about our collective commitment to pro-moting and practicing civility both within our class and within the Con-gress of the United States as long as we are here. It is a great honor to be part of the freshman class of the 115th Congress. I am thrilled to make this commitment to civility—and even friendship—across the aisle with whatever Republican col-leagues are willing to hang out with a liberal constitutional law professor. Despite my great passions as a lib-eral and a progressive, I dedicate my-self to civility for three reasons, and I think they are all consistent with my political values and beliefs: First, I am a middle child, and so it is in my nature to try to bring people together. If you study the theory of birth order advanced by Frank Sulloway in his great book ‘‘Born to Rebel,’’ you will find an exemplary middle child in Reverend Martin Lu-ther King who believed in the power of love for reconciling different views in society, and you will find a theory of the effectiveness of nonviolent struggle for progress and change, a theory that doesn’t try to wish away or blink away real conflict that people have but em-braces conflict as the possibility for uplifting everyone in the process. Second, I am from the great State of Maryland, one of the original middle States tucked between New England and the South. In Maryland, we have a habit of working across party lines for the common good. Many of the big bills that I introduced in the Maryland Sen-ate I introduced with Republican friends, like my friend Senator David Brinkley. We did the medical mari-juana program together. He is a fellow cancer survivor and felt very strongly about that. I did a number of criminal justice re-form measures, including abolishing mandatory minimum drug sentences, with a Republican colleague named Mi-chael Hough in Frederick County, who lives within my congressional district. I even introduced a bill which suc-ceeded for fiscal transparency in gov-ernment, putting up all government ex-penditures over $10,000 online within 48 hours, with Congressman ALEXMOONEY  from West Virginia, although then he was a State senator in Maryland who served with me in Annapolis. Third, as a law professor, I believe that all of our ideas, passions, and feel-ings about politics are refined, per-fected, and improved through the proc-ess of political dialogue, testing, and questioning. So I know that our Republican col-leagues make us stronger on the Demo-cratic side of the aisle, and I hope that we make them stronger, too, that we all grow together and that we are able to improve each other’s ideas, change each other’s minds sometimes, and work on issues of common concern like infrastructure, which I think is a press-ing problem that we can gather con-sensus around in this body, like the en-vironment and the perils of climate change. Our greatest Presidents have always called us to civility. George Wash-ington invited Americans to place our patriotic love of liberty first above par-tisan and sectional feeling. Thomas Jefferson said that we are all Repub-licans, we are all federalists at a time of great division in the country. In his first inaugural address, President Lin-coln said: ‘‘We are not enemies, but friends. We must not be enemies. Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection.’’ So the bonds of affection might seem like a romantic dream given the divi-sions and polarization in the country today, but I do think that, if at least we start with civility and respect, maybe we will be able to attain the level of recovering the bonds of affec-tion that should unify all of us as Americans. The word ‘‘party’’ comes from the French word ‘‘partie,’’ a part, and we have got to remember—each of us, all of us—that our party is just one small part of the whole, and we are all here to try to advance the common good. With that, again, I want to thank the Congressman for his very gracious offer of the time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Those are wonder-ful comments, and I am sure they are going to last through the entire 115th Congress because our colleague from Kentucky would like to echo many of those. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from the State of Kentucky (Mr. COMER ). Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I will be brief. Mr. Speaker, I am so glad to join with 55 other of my freshman col-leagues to pledge the commitment to civility. We all took different paths to get here. We are all from different parts of the United States. We all have different backgrounds and different stories. But one thing we all did to get here in this freshman class is we cam-paigned hard, and we listened to our constituents. Whether our constituents were conservative or liberal, whether they lived in the city or in small towns, they all shared a frustration about Congress. b1745 They shared the frustration that Congress was at gridlock and both par-ties fought. Many times, people filed bills, knowing they would fail, just so they could get before a TV camera and grandstand and blame the other party. When I got to Congress, I didn’t know what to expect. The first thing that we did was attend a retreat. We got to know each other. I left that retreat in-spired because, Mr. Speaker, I believe that this freshman class is committed to trying to work together to accom-plish things that we agree on. There are issues that we will never agree on, but there are issues we do agree on. We do agree that we need to create an environment where every American has access to a good-paying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.073 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1168 February 14, 2017 
job. We do agree that we need to have a military that protects its citizens. There are so many issues that we agree on. I pledge to work with this freshman class in the future to try to create a working environment in which we can put every American first and try to ac-complish things to work together. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I welcome Mr. R
ASKIN and others who spoke before me as they consumed their Special Order hour in a very unique way, which is not often seen here on the floor, and that is a col-loquy between our Republican fresh-men and Democratic freshmen. I want to take up issues that I know were covered by many of the freshmen as they discussed their hopes and dreams about what we might actually be able to accomplish in Congress. Let me start with a photo. This is the largest waterfall in California, and I dare say the largest waterfall in the entire United States. It is not a nat-ural waterfall. It is actually a man-made waterfall. With all of this turbu-lence and enormous churning of water below, it is a failure of a manmade spillway in California. This is the Oroville Dam that has been much in the news over the last several days. As many probably know, California suffered through a 5-year drought. As a Representative of the great Sac-ramento Valley of California, my Sac-ramento Valley and my State of Cali-fornia suffered mightily. That drought tore apart communities, seriously in-jured the economy of California, and the health of many businesses. So we went from famine to feast, and we are suffering serious indigestion as a result of the feast of water that we presently have. Oroville Dam was built in the 1960s and completed in 1968. This is the spill-way presumably capable of carrying well over 150,000 cubic feet of water. What you see here is the result of a failure right here in the concrete in that spillway, resulting in a massive hole in the spillway and this extraor-dinary churning and erosion over here on this side. This went on for some time. The operators of the dam, the De-partment of Water Resources in Cali-fornia, said: Well, we are going to have to shut this down and take a look at the problem. They did. And the problem was, while they were expelling 100,000-acre-feet of water, there was 200,000-acre-feet of water coming into Lake Oroville. I am going to take a few moments to explain this and then explain how Cali-fornia has successfully dealt with what could have been a serious tragedy. Oroville Dam is the highest dam in California, some 770 feet high. The con-crete spillway that I just showed you the picture of the largest waterfall in the Nation—not as high as Yosemite Falls, which is over 1,200 feet—is 700 feet down here to the river. It is 770 feet, actually. Right here is where the damage occurred. This is the emer-gency spillway, which was never to be used. When this dam was built in the 1960s, they said: Well, we will build the reg-ular spillway, but we will put this emergency spillway in here. This is a 30-foot-high concrete wall. Below it is the natural Earth and dirt of the Si-erra Nevada mountains and foothills. They shut down the spillway and 200,000 cubic feet of water comes into the reservoir. The reservoir rapidly rose to the point of where it was going over the top of the emergency spillway. Lo and behold, when you run 12,000, 15,000 cubic feet of water per second over the top of that spillway, you hit the dirt on this side and it drives down the river with incredible erosion. This entire area was eroded. But most importantly, the erosion moved back towards the base of that 30-foot- high concrete wall, jeopardizing the in-tegrity of that 30-foot-high barrier against millions upon millions of gal-lons of water stored in the reservoir. All of this occurred on Sunday, 3 days ago. The call went out from the Department of Water Resources, Oh, my, we have a potential problem, as they observed the potential erosion against the foundation of that 30-foot- high wall. They said it is possible that that erosion could cause a catastrophic failure of the 30-foot-high wall, sending down into the river channel a 30-foot tsunami, the result of which would be a catastrophe downstream. This might be a little hard to ob-serve, but I am going to give it a try. Here is the dam right here. Adjacent to the dam is the town of Oroville, just downstream from the dam. Then, the Feather River continues down through my district, Marysville and Yuba City. This is all farm county up here with some significant towns like Gridley in this area, and Live Oak further down, which I represent. This area is rep-resented by my colleague, D
OUG L
AMALFA , who represents the northern San Joaquin Valley. The reservoir is here. The spillway is here. There is a 30-foot wall of water cascading down the emergency spill-way, hitting the river and spreading out 30 miles across the Sacramento Valley, all the way to the west side of the valley where the Sacramento River is. This red area is 100 feet deep in 1 hour. The city of Oroville faces a cata-strophic event: 100 feet of water above the community within 1 hour of the breaking of that 30-foot wall on the emergency spillway. It spreads out. Over here it is still 10 feet deep, 30 miles away. Of course, the water is going to flow down the river also. Two communities down here of 150,000 people, within 7 hours, would be facing water that would be 10 feet deep. That is why they called for an emer-gency evacuation Sunday afternoon around 6 o’clock. Nearly 200,000 people left this area, all the way over to the west and all the way down some 30 miles down river, moving out to high ground up north to Chico, up into the Sierra foothills, and down towards Sac-ramento. The water continued to spill over the emergency spillway. The Department of Water Resources, seeing the erosion, reopened the gates on the main spill-way and sent 100,000 cubic feet of water down the spillway, creating an incred-ible but not lovely waterfall. Fortunately, the water flowing into the reservoir very quickly diminished, from a couple hundred thousand acre- feet on Saturday and early Sunday to around 40,000 acre-feet toward Sunday evening and on into Monday. So the mathematics began to work in favor of the communities and in favor of the en-tire region. Slowly, the level of the lake began to recede and eventually the water no longer flowed over the top of that emergency spillway. Nonetheless, you still had 30 feet of water behind that spillway and you had the integrity of the spillway in question. They continued to reduce the water level in the lake and, marshalling re-sources up here, began to find a solu-tion to the problem. When the sun came up Monday morning, the engi-neers went out and said: Oh, my. There were four specific areas of seri-ous erosion against the base and the foundation of that 30-foot wall with 30 feet of water still behind it. They de-cided to take emergency action to bring in by helicopter 100,000-pound bags of rock to stack in those four eroded areas. Downstream, the communities of Marysville, Yuba City, Gridley, Live Oak, and other small communities were literally ghost towns. People were sheltering in various churches, fair-grounds to the north, fairgrounds to the west, east, and south. Nearly 200,000 people had moved out. As this water receded and the emer-gency response began to take hold, peo-ple looked at this situation and said: Maybe this was the great would have, could have, and should have—would have, could have, should have. Maybe when the dam was built, a concrete apron should have been built on the downside of that emergency spillway. Maybe in 2005, when this entire project went back for re-licensing by the Federal Energy Regulatory Com-mission, the call by the environmental community to concrete the down slope should have been taken into account and should have been done in 2006, 2007, but they decided it wasn’t necessary or it was too expensive or whatever rea-sons, and so it was not done. It will be done now. The cost of re-pair to the main spillway and to the emergency spillway will probably be over $200 million. So the question arises for all of us: Do we want to wait until there is a dis-aster to take cautionary steps to put it back together, or do we want to get ahead of these potential disasters? It is a question for all of us here. It is a question for the Congress and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.075 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1169 February 14, 2017 
Senate and the President. It is called infrastructure. You heard some of our colleagues earlier on from the freshman class talk about their desire for infrastructure improvements. Here is a prime exam-ple. Unfortunately, not the only exam-ple, but I want to share with you what actually is happening down river by the communities of Marysville and Sutter County. There are 70 miles of river down-stream from this point that has been in the process of significant levee im-provement. Some $700 million has been spent over the last 5 to 6 years by the community, by the State of California, and by the Federal Government to bring the levee on the west side of the Feather River to a 200-year status. It is nearly completed, but not completely completed. There is another piece to be done even as this flood event takes place. But a community stepped forward. It is called SBFCA. The Sutter Butte Flood Control Agency has undertaken that work—good for them—in the city of Marysville, which is a community surrounded on all sides by 20-, 30-foot- high levees. The Feather River and the Yuba River come together at that point at Marysville, a community that has seen catastrophic flooding in the past. b1800 That community, too, together with the State of California and the Federal Government, Army Corps of Engineers, and the Yuba County Water Agency have been in the process of rebuilding and enhancing the levees around that community. These are positive exam-ples. Further down, the State of California has put together a flood control pro-gram for the entire Central Valley, from Mt. Shasta on the north all the way to the Tehachapi Mountains on the south, an extraordinary 600-, al-most 700-mile stretch of the most fer-tile land in the world and major com-munities like Sacramento, with mil-lions of people at risk of flooding. Dif-ferent communities putting together their own flood control programs, reaching out to the Federal Govern-ment over the years, providing Federal assistance together with the State as-sistance to control the flooding that has been historic in California. We need to continue this. We are not nearly finished yet in California. We are going to spend the $200 million here, and this will be concrete in the years ahead, and this main flood con-trol system will be rebuilt. But this problem is not just floods. We have seen the flood of Katrina in Mississippi where we discovered that, oh, my, the levees really could not han-dle a major hurricane. I will share a story of my own. When I was deputy secretary at the Department of the In-terior, we were studying major storms, what would happen in a period of cli-mate change, would we see stronger hurricanes. This was in the mid-1990s when I was there as number two in the Department of the Interior. We antici-pated a major hurricane coming across from Cuba into the Gulf area and hit-ting New Orleans. We were so con-cerned about this that Secretary Bab-bitt said: John, I want you to go down to New Orleans. I want you to talk to the local officials down there. I remember sitting in the editorial office of the newspaper, The Times-Pic-ayune, sitting there telling them, showing them the map and saying: Here is what we believe could happen, and we, the Federal Government, to-gether with the community, need to enhance your levees. A decade or so later, I was sitting in California. I looked at the television set, and I said: Oh, my God, it is pre-cisely what we predicted in the mid- 1990s, and it came to pass. These are the lessons of history. Here is another lesson of history. This is the Interstate 5 Bridge, the last bridge before you get from the United States to Canada. Interstate 5 goes from the Mexican border all the way through California, through Oregon, Washington, and then into Vancouver, British Columbia. This is a bridge that collapsed. How many other bridges have we seen collapse? We have seen the bridge collapse in Minnesota, and people died. We have seen rail bridges collapse. In California this last week, the main Union Pacific Railroad going north and south between Sacramento—well, all of northern California—way down to southern California over the Tehachapis, the Union Pacific Railroad Bridge just south of Sacramento col-lapsed. The rail cars, at least a day ago, were still sitting there in the water as they were busily trying to re-pair that rail bridge. A good third of all the bridges in the United States do not meet safety standards and are subject to collapse, and in some cases deadly collapse. As we go through all of this, we need to be aware of the extraordinary need that our Nation has for infrastructure improvements. I think some of us re-member the comments of our former Vice President Biden when he landed in LaGuardia, New York, and made a comment about that facility. I won’t repeat it here because I am sure my New York friends might find that to be somewhat degrading. But it was a com-ment that was well deserved about the quality of that airport. The unfortu-nate part is that that is repeated in airport after airport around the United States: inadequate, old, not up to standards, and very poor in providing the efficient transportation that we re-quire. We can go on and on. We can talk about the highway system. The Depart-ment of Transportation estimates that we need over $836 billion just to main-tain and bring up to standards the American highway system, both high-ways and bridges. The public transportation system has a $90 billion backlog for public transit for the state of good repair. This isn’t expansion. This is just to have good re-pair for what we need in our transit systems. We can go on and on. Bridges, $20 bil-lion. As I said, one in three of the bridges in the Nation—it is actually one in four—are structurally deficient and functionally obsolete. Sixty-five percent of our Nation’s roads are in less than good condition. Our rail and bus transit systems face a $90 billion backlog, as I just said. The 59 busiest ports in the United States only operate at 35 percent of ca-pacity because the channels are filled with silt, and modern ships are unable to enter those ports. The FAA, the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration, has identified a need for $32 billion for improvement of our air-ports. It goes on and on and on. America does not want to face this kind of devastation, with the failure of dams. I don’t have the exact number of dams in the United States—I think there are some 83,000—but a good per-centage of those dams are structurally deficient from many different ways. Obviously, Oroville Dam was one of them. It didn’t have a sufficient spill-way to handle the extraordinary flows of the river. Another one central to California’s water system is the San Luis Res-ervoir, a 2-million-acre-foot reservoir south of Sacramento, east of San Jose, that is central to the water supply of California, both for southern Cali-fornia, for the San Joaquin Valley, the farmers there, as well as for Los Ange-les. The Oroville Dam is the key dam for the California water system, which supplies water to Silicon Valley, to the San Joaquin Valley, as well as to Los Angeles. We have work to do all across this Nation, and we can do it. There is a lot of talk going on about the infrastruc-ture program. Our new President has suggested a trillion dollar infrastruc-ture program, somehow financed with private investment. Now, I don’t know how that would work in repairing a dam such as Oroville or San Luis. I am not sure how a private investor would fit into that, but undoubtedly there are models in which there can be public- private partnerships. But that will not suffice. There are programs that have been suggested by my colleague here in the House, by Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. D EFAZIO has what he calls ‘‘a penny for progress.’’ It is a program that would provide nearly a trillion dollars of in-frastructure investment for highways over a 10-year period. We would borrow the money, and then pay it off with a one-penny increase in the excise tax for gasoline and fuel as it would keep pace with inflation. A novel idea, one that probably would work if we could find the votes for it. Over on the Senate side, the Senate minority leader, Mr. S
CHUMER , has in-troduced a $1 trillion package of all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.076 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1170 February 14, 2017 
types of investment in infrastructure, and it is a project that deserves our at-tention. It is a project that would pro-vide significant money for highways. In his proposal, he would create 15 million jobs over the next 10 years for invest-ment in many different kinds of infra-structure. He has something that I have talked about here on the floor now for 7 years. We call it Make It In America, Buy America, use our tax money to buy American-made products, bring our manufacturing back. If you are going to use rebar to rebuild that spillway, then use American steel. If you are going to put a pump in this dam to drain some facility, buy an American pump. After all, it is our taxpayers’ money. It is my money. It is your money. Use the Buy America principle. He has a couple of other principles that I think are very important. He wants protections for American work-ers, and this is both life and health and safety protections but also wage pro-tection, the Davis-Bacon and the pre-vailing wage programs, all of which I think pull up the bottom with good working wages for men and women in the construction industry. Also, make sure that there is an opportunity for minority- and women-owned busi-nesses, and of course the environ-mental protection. These are kind of the principles of his program, which I happen to think are appropriate. So what would he spend the money on? He would suggest that we spend $210 billion repairing the roads and bridges. Now, remember, that is about one-quarter of what the Department of Transportation said is needed for the backlog, but, nonetheless, that is a good start. For roads and bridges, $210 billion over the 10-year period. That is 1.3 million new jobs. He would also want to spend $110 bil-lion for new water and sewer systems. Not bad when you talk about places like Flint, Michigan, and the contami-nated water in their water supply. In our own Central Valley of California, we have numerous communities that have inadequate water and, in many cases, water that is contaminated with various chemicals, both natural and from the business environment. Senator S
CHUMER suggests that we spend $180 billion to expand and replace our rail and bus systems. That is more than just the transit programs. I sup-pose that is to make sure that the Union Pacific bridges don’t collapse. He would also have $200 billion for vital infrastructure projects. These would be the most critical, the high- priority projects across the Nation. I would suggest to the Senator, Mr. Speaker, that the Senator might con-sider rebuilding the spillways on the Oroville Dam. He would also invest $75 billion on American schools so that our schools are new and modern and meet the needs of our students, another $70 bil-lion on the ports. Remember, I was talking about this earlier, about the ports that are inadequate. This feeds back to what Mr. DEFAZIO has sug-gested, that we have the harbor main-tenance fund. These are fees that are collected on every good that arrives or every container that arrives at our ports, and that money be spent on the ports, both in the water as well as on the dock. That money, unfortunately, is not spent just there. It winds up in the Treasury for who knows what purpose. So we would bring that money back to spend on our ports, modernizing them. Keep in mind that Panama, the new Panama Canal, has been expanded, big-ger ships, deeper draft, so we need to dredge these ports, we need to build the wharves, the docks that can handle them. Senator S
CHUMER would also rec-ommend that $100 billion be spent in energy infrastructure to meet the needs of a modern energy system that is not dependent upon coal and oil but, rather, renewable sources of all kinds. And broadband, which is exceedingly important. In my district, which stretches 200 miles up the Sacramento Valley, broadband is not available. So these are infrastructure investments that I would think all of us should agree on, that we need to build a mod-ern infrastructure for a modern econ-omy and a growing economy, and along the way create as many as 13 million jobs to do that, a project that would go forward over the 10-year period ahead of us. So we have got the President sug-gesting a trillion dollar program, pub-lic-private partnerships, of which I sus-pect there are some right there, we have got Mr. D
EFAZIO with a financing program for highways and transit sys-tems and ports, and we have Senator S
CHUMER on the other side with a tril-lion dollar program that would deal with virtually every part of the infra-structure, from broadband communica-tions to ports, highways, bridges, and the like. So we have, I think, an opportunity here in this Congress to address a crit-ical need for America’s future, not only for the safety of Americans so that all Americans can avoid the kind of catas-trophe that California came very, very close to having on Sunday, with the collapse of a 30-foot dam on Lake Oroville, creating not this, but some-thing that would be several times big-ger than this cascading down the river and inundating communities to the depth of 100 feet or more. It doesn’t have to happen. We should never be penny-wise and pound-foolish. We should never delay these infrastruc-ture investments because we know that bridges will collapse, and along with it the transportation system. b1815 We know that dams are in jeopardy. We know that our highways are filled with potholes. We know that many of our airports are ancient and, in many cases, decrepit and certainly not up to modern safety standards and certainly passenger convenience. We know that our ports need to be dredged and new wharfs and docks built. We know that we need to have intermodal systems so that we can efficiently move cargo from the ports to the trucks, to the trains, and across the country. We know the needs. The question for all of us is: Are we ready to meet those needs? I would suggest to you that we can. We can do creative financing, as Mr. DEFAZIO has suggested. There is a role for public-private partnerships in all of this, as the President has suggested. There is also a place in all of this for us to make choices about how we spend the taxpayers’ money. This is one that I want to bring to the attention of Americans. We are in the process of making a choice to spend $1 trillion over the next 20 years or so to rebuild our entire nuclear arsenal. All of it. All of our nuclear bombs, all of the ICBMs in the silos in the upper Midwest, new submarines with new intercontinental missiles with new bombs on top of those missiles, new stealth bombers such as the new B–21, new cruise missiles with new bombs. All of these things. New, fast, stealthy, unobservable, extraordinarily dan-gerous because the rules of the old Cold War or the old nuclear standoff don’t apply. One trillion dollars for what purpose? We need to ask that question and we need to make choices. There are many other choices that we will be making here. Choices about building a $30 bil-lion wall rather than repairing the bridges, in this case to Canada. Choices about nuclear weapons. Our job—your representatives here in Congress—is to make choices that are wise, choices that protect you, choices that give all of us an opportunity to have good, well-paying jobs, a modern infrastructure on which the private sector can then grow and prosper, and men and women can earn a good middle class living. Or we can make choices on things that really do not provide any of those benefits. It is about choices. It is about being prepared for tomorrow. It is about avoiding collapsed bridges and reservoirs that might fail and send a cascade of water down upon the com-munities. So I ask my colleagues to consider, to ponder the needs of your commu-nities, and to make choices that are wise, that look to the future, and build a solid foundation that won’t fail when that 30 feet of water presses up against that foundation. Choices. I hope and I pray we make wise choices. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.078 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1171 February 14, 2017 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, we had a resignation now that seems to be the big news of the day of a Cabinet mem-ber of the Trump administration. It is interesting to have seen this In-divisible movement arise. The Daily Signal points out: ‘‘ . . . Ties to George Soros, Sows Division Against Trump, GOP Lawmakers.’’ ‘‘Democrats who used to work on Capitol Hill are helping to disrupt Re-publican lawmakers’ town hall meet-ings across the country through a na-tionwide effort to oppose and ‘resist’ President Donald Trump’s agenda.’’ And it goes on to talk about some of the leftists who are trying to do that. And another article that says that the Indivisible team is trying to mimic strategies of the Tea Party. But it was quite a difference. The Taxed Enough Already Party was grabbing hold of American principles, constitutional principles, principles that brought about the revolution and served the country well for over 200 years; and that we are supposed to have a govern-ment that works for us, not works us; takes away our religious freedom, tries to take away Second Amendment free-dom, tries to take away freedom of re-ligion; tells us we can’t say anything negative about anything they care about or they will try to destroy us, our business. And there were people that were shocked. And then on top of it all, add a lot more tax. And as the President told Joe the Plumber, in es-sence: We need to take your income and spread it around the country. I had some friends here during the in-auguration. I took them to the Lincoln Memorial. And, of course, on the south inside wall is the Gettysburg Address. On the inside of the north wall is the second inaugural that is so profound. Mark Levin’s father has a terrific book about it. What an amazing speech. Lincoln is talking just shortly before his assassination. But the second inau-gural, the war is winding down, it is about over, and there is so much hope abounding. He was not bitter. He was an amazing man, our first Republican President. He talked about the Nation and about how both the north and south both read the same Bible and both pray to the same God. He points out that the prayers of both could not be answered, the prayers of neither have been fully answered. But he points out that it might seem strange that a group of people would invoke God’s name to wrench their bread out of the sweat of other people’s brow. But I heard enough from people in the Taxed Enough Already Party, this group that arose that—wait a minute— basically are saying when the Presi-dent says, I am going to take your money that you made and spread it around, he is basically saying, Look, I am going to be the most powerful man in the world, and certainly in this country, and my principles dictate; I need to take what you work for and spread it around to other people. Is that a way of wrenching your bread from the sweat of others? It is interesting. But anyway, this group had 17 show up at an office. Obvi-ously, they were more interested in publicity than a meeting, because all they had to do is call and we make sure they have a meeting and somebody is there to meet them, even though I am here in Washington when they demand to meet. Apparently groups all over the coun-try are following this Soros-funded ef-fort to try to destroy the country, dis-rupt the country, and create anarchy and mayhem wherever they can. Fortu-nately, in east Texas, people realize we can’t quite go as far as some groups do because nobody would accept it. I have got some constituents that are asking legitimate questions. But what we go back to is what real-ly gave strength to this movement, ob-jecting to what was being done in the Obama administration, was when we had a President and a Speaker who were saying: We know that a majority of Americans don’t want this ObamaCare, Affordable Care Act. It is hard to call it affordable care because it is such a misnomer. But we see the polls. A majority of the American peo-ple don’t want it, but we are going to stick you with it anyway because it is part of our agenda. That is what was really bothering people. The thing is that this so-called Indivisible and groups like this are ter-rific at coming up with names that are anathema to what they really are. So you have a group called Indivisible, and their goal is completely dividing and destroying the constitutional prin-ciples of America. But the thing is, a majority didn’t want ObamaCare passed. It was shoved down their throats, even though most of the people in this body here had not even read it. I read it. It scared me. I am still asking for answers. Why did President Obama need a commissioned and noncommissioned Presidential officer corps that he could call up. Initially, it sounded like a medical emergency group, but then it said they would be trained. It didn’t say with weapons or with what. And it said the President would be able to call them up for any international emer-gency, and it didn’t mention the word ‘‘health’’ or ‘‘medical’’ on that. So, anyway, there is just so much in there that we didn’t need. Most of Americans didn’t want it and didn’t like it. And it took away people’s health insurance from them. I was talking with thousands of peo-ple in my district. I love to do tele-phone townhalls with my district. This was one segment. About a third of the district last night was represented in this group, and I will have others com-ing up in the future. But it is very helpful to me because I can talk to peo-ple that you wouldn’t see, you wouldn’t hear, wouldn’t see or hear you if you had 40 people come to a townhall, like sometimes do. And since we know that there are groups out there that have instructions to create mayhem, disrupt, accuse them of racism—it is in the documents that we are seeing—whatever they bring up, charge racism, corruption, and something else, we can have a tele-phone townhall and I can find out what people are thinking that I otherwise wouldn’t hear from. I thought about doing a mailer to mail to as many in my district that I could, but the costs were just so dra-matic. I could do it, but why spend $100,000-plus of taxpayer dollars just to find out what my district is thinking? I think the best indication of what people in each congressional district in the country are thinking is what hap-pened in the November election. That is the ultimate poll that anybody could ever take. And I have having been talk-ing about for 6 years that ObamaCare needed to be repealed, that it takes away choice, that it is costing more money. You don’t get to keep your doc-tor, you don’t get to keep your insur-ance policy; and so many thousands in my district did not. b1830 And so it was very helpful to hear from people, for example, how many believe the government needs to be more involved in health insurance, and I think that was at like 97 percent. There were thousands of people that had been called. But anyway, it gives me feedback. It was interesting to note that this group, this indivisible group, the websites had gotten some information about the messages going back and forth, and one of them is, when we de-mand that they have a townhall that we can disrupt and they say we are going to have a telephone townhall be-cause we can reach a lot more people, people that are invalids or homebound, seniors that couldn’t get out to a per-sonal townhall meeting can participate in the telephone townhall. They are saying how do we respond to that when there are so many more people they can reach and hear from and it helps the disabled to do these telephone townhalls, how do we respond to that? And they really didn’t get a good an-swer, last I saw. But it is important for every Rep-resentative to know where their dis-trict stands, where their people stand, and I continue to believe that I am the most fortunate Member of this 435-seat body because of whom I get to rep-resent. I had an opponent last year raising Cain about I was on national media so much, and I mean, when I think about it, why would national media want me to be on? It is certainly not my looks, certainly not because I have such an incredible voice. You know, I would love to have a voice like James Earl Jones, or I was just so moved at the Senate Chaplain speaking at the National Prayer Breakfast a couple of weeks ago. I would love to have a voice like I think maybe God’s voice may sound like 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.079 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1172 February 14, 2017 
some day when I get to hear it, but I don’t. I don’t have a voice like that. This is what I have got. I don’t put on any airs. Why would any national media want to have me on? And I think it would have to have something to do with the fact that I represent extraordinary peo-ple in Texas where sense is very com-mon, just so much common sense, and I think a lot of the country likes hear-ing about the way three-fourths of my district thinks. I think I reflect that district, and that is why, basically, three-fourths of the district voted for me. It is not because of the way I look or sound. Even people that can’t stand me in that 25 or 26 percent, they know I am going to stand up and do what I told people I am going to do. It is just that some people don’t like it. Some years back, one guy wrote that I was a moron and misspelled ‘‘moron.’’ If he is listen-ing, Mr. Speaker, he needs to know there is no E in moron. But in any event, it is interesting to see how frantic things have gotten and how destructive some of the forces in this country have gotten in trying to bring down the principles that made us great, and it is quite disconcerting. That leads me to a point I want to discuss, which we had the news, the tragic failing of the dam in California. We will continue, those of us who be-lieve in the power of prayer, to pray that there will be no loss of life, de-spite the negligence of the California government in refusing for over 12 years—apparently, at least 12 years—to heed the warnings that this dam was going to be failing at some point. They needed to do something. We just need to pray that the negligence that oc-curred in the New Orleans area in di-verting money away from shoring up the levee would not end up having the mass cost of loss of life in California. But as we continue to have people try to disrupt our congressional dis-tricts, continue to try to make so much noise, create so much anarchy that it creates an inability to govern properly—despite the fact it isn’t going to work—this President, this adminis-tration, and this Congress is not going to be diverted from what needs to be done. This article came out today from the Free Beacon, by Adam Kredo: ‘‘Former Obama Officials, Loyalists Waged Se-cret Campaign to Oust Flynn.’’ Now, I hadn’t known Flynn before. I don’t believe I had met him before maybe last September. I might have, but I don’t believe I have before that. But I had a chance to visit with him at that point with, at that time, Donald Trump, now our President. He is an in-teresting man. He has served his coun-try well. But there are issues that are coming out now about discussions with Rus-sians. It would seem to me, if President Trump had an intelligence community and had people in the government serv-ice around him, the career people that were really wanting to help the coun-try—rather than the Democrats or President Obama as he went out—that were really interested in helping the best interests of the United States of America, they would want the Presi-dent to have all of the information that anyone in any of the upper eche-lons or anywhere in the departments that work for President Trump— wouldn’t they want their boss to know or have the most accurate informa-tion? Apparently, there was information out there that didn’t come to light until President Trump had selected his National Security Adviser. He had been sworn in as the National Security Ad-viser, and they were on a roll. And of course, one of the things General Flynn was concerned about, something that is a deep concern of so many of ours in this body, was the outrageous Iran treaty that got treated like it wasn’t a treaty. It was, indeed, a treaty. It never got ratified by the Senate, but it was, indeed, a treaty. It had all of the things in it that treaties would have. But this article goes on: ‘‘The abrupt resignation Monday evening of White House national security adviser Mi-chael Flynn is the culmination of a se-cret, months-long campaign by former Obama administration confidantes to handicap President Donald Trump’s na-tional security apparatus and preserve the nuclear deal with Iran, according to multiple sources both in and out of the White House who described to the Washington Free Beacon a behind-the- scenes effort by these officials to plant a series of damaging stories about Flynn in the national media. ‘‘The effort, said to include former Obama administration adviser Ben Rhodes—the architect of a separate White House effort to create what he described as a pro-Iran echo chamber— included a small task force of Obama loyalists who deluged media outlets with stories aimed at eroding Flynn’s credibility, multiple sources revealed. ‘‘The operation primarily focused on discrediting Flynn, an opponent of the Iran nuclear deal, in order to handicap the Trump administration’s efforts to disclose secret details of the nuclear deal with Iran that had been long hid-den by the Obama administration.’’ Mr. Speaker, I want to insert here, some of us went down to the classified area of the SCIF where we can review classified information and we reviewed what was available about the Iran deal, but we found out there was a lot of se-cret stuff that the administration would not allow us to know: what he had given away, what he had done, po-tential bad judgment in going so far out of the Obama administration’s way to placate and assist the largest sup-porters of terrorism in the world. Obviously, what this article is talk-ing about, some secret parts of the agreement, those are things that we were certainly not allowed to read no matter who you were in Congress at the time. But this says: ‘‘Insiders familiar with the anti-Flynn campaign told the Free Beacon that these Obama loyalists plotted in the months before Trump’s inauguration to establish a set of road-blocks before Trump’s national secu-rity team, which includes several prominent opponents of diplomacy with Iran. The Free Beacon first re-ported on this effort in January. ‘‘Sources who spoke to the Free Bea-con requested anonymity in order to speak freely about the situation and avoid interfering with the White House’s official narrative about Flynn, which centers on his failure to ade-quately inform the president about a series of phone calls with Russian offi-cials. ‘‘Flynn took credit for his missteps regarding these phone calls in a brief statement released late Monday evening. Trump administration offi-cials subsequently stated that Flynn’s efforts to mislead the president and vice president about his contacts with Russia could not be tolerated. ‘‘However, multiple sources closely involved in the situation pointed to a larger, more secretive campaign aimed at discrediting Flynn and undermining the Trump White House. ‘‘’It’s undeniable that the campaign to discredit Flynn was well underway before Inauguration Day, with a very troublesome and politicized series of leaks designed to undermine him,’ said one veteran national security adviser with close ties to the White House team. ‘This pattern reminds me of the lead up to the Iran deal, and probably features the same cast of characters.’’’ And we know from news that has come out since the Iran deal was made by this administration, we know that some of the same placaters that en-abled North Korea to develop nuclear weapons in the Clinton administration were involved in negotiating this deal with Iran. The deal with North Korea was to stop them from getting nuclear weapons, and so my interpretation of the deal was basically this: They promised them: We will give you everything you need to develop nu-clear weapons in North Korea if you will just sign a piece of paper that says you won’t do that. The Clinton administration, some of the same people that ran to do a deal with Iran, they jumped on that. And so what happens, North Korea uses what we provided them to help create nu-clear weapons. Big shock. So it is a big shock that the Obama administration would send at least one of those original people to be the top negotiator with Secretary of State John Kerry, who never saw a Genghis Khan that he couldn’t work with, and they work out a deal. We still haven’t found out all of the arrangements, all of the things that were done; but we know that there is, apparently, some-thing so sinister about what this coun-try has done, bent over backwards to provide for Iran or allow Iran to do, that the Obama administration could 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.081 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1173 February 14, 2017 
not allow right-thinking American peo-ple to know what it had done for Iran and against Israel and the United States’ best interests. But if you believe the best interests of the United States are to weaken the United States, if you believe that the United States has been the biggest problem in the world for the last 100 years, then you would think, well, then if we make a deal with Iran that weak-ens the United States, may even lead to our demise, the world is a better place. So it is ultimately for the good of the world because the United States is certainly weaker than it has been in decades, going back to pre-World War II military strength. The Chinese economy, it was an-nounced at one point, may have ex-ceeded ours. I am not sure that is true. b1845 Anyway, countries around the world that are threats to world peace have gotten stronger. ISIS has gotten stronger during this President’s term, in fact, came into being under Presi-dent Obama and got quite strong, thou-sands upon thousands of lives lost. In Afghanistan, he took a war that he told people—the voters in 2008—was the important war. And what should have been just a housekeeping operation under his leadership and with his rules of engagement, it cost about four times more American military lives than were lost in the height of the Afghan war for 7
1⁄2years under President Bush. It must be something in the leadership there when one President loses four times more military members than the prior President in the same length of time and the latter President being when the war was supposed to be basi-cally over. This article points out that: ‘‘Flynn had been preparing to pub-licize many of the details about the nu-clear deal that had been intentionally hidden by the Obama administration as part of its effort to garner support for the deal, these sources said. ‘‘Flynn is now ‘gone before anybody can see what happened’ with these se-cret agreements, said the second in-sider close to Flynn and the White House. ‘‘Sources in and out of the White House are concerned that the campaign against Flynn will be extended to other prominent figures in the Trump admin-istration.’’ Well, Mr. Speaker, I can inject here: Whoever these sources are that are concerned the campaign against Flynn be extended to other prominent figures, I can guarantee them that people in and outside the United States Govern-ment right now, as I speak, will do ev-erything within their power—some of these characters will—to prevent Presi-dent Trump from getting us back on track to making the world a safer place, to getting Iran back in the little box that President Carter let them out of. They are going to go after lots of people. It is not going to be limited. This apparently is a campaign that is going to be ongoing. Apparently, General Flynn messed up and wasn’t completely honest when he should have been. A President has got to be able to trust his security adviser. That kind of goes without saying. The President has to be able to trust those people. It takes me back to September when I was talking—it was right before Gen-eral Flynn walked up, actually iron-ically. But I was telling: Look, I like President George W. Bush. He is a good man. He is a smart guy. He is a lot smarter than people give him credit. He is one of the wittiest people you can ever have a conversation with, but something that hurt him—and I want-ed Donald Trump to understand this— something that hurt him was that he was such a nice guy. After the election was over, he made it known, in essence, that everything that happened in the past is bygones. What is happening now, from now on, we are going for-ward. The trouble is he had people doing bad acts, even crimes like having FBI files at the White House. Chuck Colson went to prison a year and a half for having one. The Clinton administra-tion had nearly a thousand; nobody did a day. I said, you have got to clean out these departments, these agencies where Bush didn’t clean them out. You have got to or they are going to under-mine you the whole time you are Presi-dent. And it looks like we are seeing that right now. So, Mr. Speaker, I just encourage all my colleagues to let’s give the Trump administration the chance to help get this country safer, freer, and just a bet-ter place to live. It is not going to hap-pen while people are undermining the President from within his own adminis-tration and a little cabal that has those ties in this administration. It is time to clean house, and General Flynn is not who I am talking about. I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
FROM DESEGREGATION TO RESEGREGATION The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
ARRETT ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 30 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, on May 17, 1954, Chief Justice Earl Warren delivered the shock that was felt across the Nation. This was done when, on behalf of a unanimous Supreme Court, he an-nounced: ‘‘We conclude that in the field of pub-lic education the doctrine of ‘separate but equal’ has no place. Separate edu-cational facilities are inherently un-equal.’’ These 24 words, Mr. Speaker, had a far-reaching impact upon our Nation. These words ushered in an era of de jure desegregation that has changed the course of history that has created a new sense of destiny, and literally these 24 words opened doors that were closed to many persons and created new opportunities. Mr. Speaker, before I go on, let me thank the many cosponsors of H. Res. 79, which recognizes the significance of Black History Month, and H. Res. 17, which honors the National Association for the Advancement of Colored Peo-ple, the NAACP, on its 108th anniver-sary. I thank the many cosponsors and the many persons who have worked on these issues. I have a staff that has worked tire-lessly to make sure that we have these resolutions prepared, such that they could be filed timely. I am grateful to my staff. One such staff member is with me tonight. My legislative direc-tor, Ms. Amena Ross, is in the Chamber with me. I am appreciative that on Valentine’s Day she has chosen to be here as opposed to where she probably could be and will probably be going shortly. Mr. Speaker, given that in this month, the month of February, we cel-ebrate Black history as well as the founding of the NAACP, I think that it is appropriate for me to speak on the topic from desegregation to resegrega-tion. Mr. Speaker, it can happen. Mr. Speaker, while Brown v. Board of Education has not produced the uto-pian society many hoped for—it has not ended the de facto segregation that many prayed for. It has not engendered the quality education for all children and has not transformed public schools into perfect schools or equal schools— I still contend and firmly believe that we are a much better nation with Brown v. Board of Education than without it. Mr. Speaker, I think that it is impor-tant for us to give empirical evidence of these words that I have just spoken, my positions, if you will. I would like to do so by allowing the words of a Southern judge. I would like to allow his words to speak for themselves. This is a message that was delivered by a Southern judge on October 4 of 1957. Mr. Speaker, I shall not call his name. I do not want to embarrass his family. But he was the vice president of a bar association. He was a circuit court judge. He received his BA from a prestigious institution, and he taught sociology. Mr. Speaker, please hear now his words so that people may understand why Brown v. Board of Education was so important to so many in this coun-try. These are his words: ‘‘Segregation in the South is a way of life. It is the means whereby we live in social peace, order and security.’’ Mr. Speaker, I trust that many peo-ple can understand why persons of my generation are concerned when we hear the terms ‘‘law’’ and ‘‘order,’’ terms that indicate law enforcement will take law into its own hands by some standards. In fact, there was law and order at the Edmond Pettus Bridge on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.082 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1174 February 14, 2017 
Bloody Sunday, but there was not jus-tice at the Edmond Pettus Bridge. Many people seek justice when they look for law enforcement to enforce and maintain order. They look for jus-tice as well. He goes on to say: ‘‘Ninety-eight per-cent of both races prefer segregation.’’ He is now speaking for people that we now call African Americans. At that time, they were called Negroes. ‘‘Integration is urged by the NAACP, a few Southern mulattoes’’—this is a means by which light-skinned African Americans were separated from the darker African Americans. He says that ‘‘ . . . a few Southern mulattoes, Northern Communist-front organizations and left-wing labor groups who would use the unsuspecting Negro as their tool.’’ It is remarkable that someone would think that people yearning to be free would see those who are lending a hand as persons who are using them as tools. He goes on to say: ‘‘It does not work any economic hardship nor deprive the Negro of any of his constitutional rights.’’ He is talking about segregation. Then he goes on to say: ‘‘The Negro has made great strides and the South-ern white man is largely responsible for these advancements.’’ This is a judge. One can only imagine what it must have been like to appear before him if you were Black. He goes on to say: ‘‘If in the South the Negro was permitted, as he is in some Northern States, to obtain the ballot by simply reaching 21 years of age, it would mean that no qualified white man in many counties through-out the South could ever hold public office. It would also mean that in the halls of Congress, seats now held by competent white representatives would be held by ignorant, incompetent Ne-groes.’’ These are the words of a judge short-ly after the Brown decision. He explains: ‘‘An exhaustive study of the program and results of integration in the schools of Washington, D.C., which the NAACP and other left wing groups’’—thank God for the NAACP and leftwing groups—‘‘fostering inte-gration said would be a model for the rest of the United States to follow, clearly reveals that the average white student who was integrated in the class room with the Negro has been retarded two to three years in his educational progress. Therefore, it is not to the best interest of America that the white children, particularly in certain con-gested sections, be retarded three years in their educational advancement.’’ He then states later on in his speech that ‘‘ . . . we have already, by con-stitutional amendment, authorized our legislature as other Southern States will do, to abolish the public schools if the Negro and white children are ever integrated therein. Make no mistake about it, we will abolish our public school system and establish private schools for our white children, and we will still provide and see that the Negro is educated separately. It will cost dearly, but we will do it.’’ Finally, he concludes with these words. This is a judge. These are facts in the sense that these are statements that he had made. The history is there for those who wish to read it. He indicates that: ‘‘ . . . As long as we live, so long shall we be segregated, and after death, God willing, thus it will still be!’’ b1900 Mr. Speaker, I call this to our atten-tion because it is important for us to understand what the horrors of seg-regation were really like; that this was not something that persons of African ancestry enjoyed; that segregation caused many persons more than an in-convenience. It really cost a good many people their lives. So I thank God, Mr. Speaker, for the NAACP, for labor unions, and for peo-ple of goodwill of all hues who worked hard to make sure we arrived at this point in our history. I thank God for Brown v. Board of Education, but I also understand that the Brown case, Mr. Speaker, was as much about fate as it was about facts. I contend that, but for the intrusive hand of fate, the Brown decision could have been, at minimum, a partial en-dorsement of segregation. Unfortunately, because the Chief Justice at that time, whose name I shall not mention—I need not embar-rass his family—was a notorious sup-porter of the doctrine of segregation. However, Mr. Speaker, after argu-ments were made in the Brown case in 1952, and before the decision was an-nounced in 1954, fate intruded, and the Chief Justice suffered a heart attack from which he did not recover. A conservative President then had the duty to appoint a man to the new seat as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. President Eisenhower appointed a man who participated in the World War II internment of Japanese Ameri-cans. This was Governor Earl Warren. He was appointed as the new Chief Jus-tice. With this appointment, many per-sons thought that little would change on the Supreme Court. However, when Warren achieved a unanimous decision outlawing segregation, President Ei-senhower is said to have stated that this was one of the biggest mistakes that he made by appointing Warren to the Supreme Court as his Chief Justice. The Brown decision, Mr. Speaker, was little less than a minor miracle, and it has had a remarkable impact on our society. I probably stand here today because of the Brown decision. At the time the decision was rendered, there were two African Americans in Congress. Today we have approxi-mately 50 African Americans in Con-gress. The Brown decision has made a dif-ference in the lives of people. Integra-tion of schools has been of benefit to young people. I have an article that I would like to read from. It is styled: ‘‘The Benefits of Socioeconomically and Racially Inte-grated Schools and Classrooms.’’ This is from the Century Foundation, a rep-utable organization. In the general sense, here is what the article addresses: It indicates that students in inte-grated schools have higher average test scores. Students in integrated schools are more likely to enroll in college. Students in integrated schools are less likely to drop out. Integrated schools help to reduce ra-cial achievement gaps. Integrated classrooms encourage critical thinking, problem-solving, and creativity. Attending a diverse school can help reduce racial bias and counter stereo-types. Students who attend integrated schools are more likely to seek out in-tegrated settings after they leave school and enter life. Integrated classrooms can improve students’ satisfaction and intellectual self-confidence. Learning in integrated settings can enhance students’ leadership skills. Finally, of the many things—and I have not cited them all—diverse class-rooms prepare students to succeed in a global economy. Mr. Speaker, there is little question in my mind and in the minds of many that integration has made a difference in the lives of people in this country. Integration has not only been of ben-efit to us in classrooms, but the truth is that we live in a society wherein in-tegration has allowed us, by virtue of Brown v. Board of Education, to sleep where we sleep, to eat where we eat, to live where we live. Brown v. Board of Education has had far-reaching implications beyond that of the classroom. In fact, the economic order, the political order, and the so-cial order were positively impacted by Brown. So, Mr. Speaker, I want to make it clear that I believe we have to, in this country, protect the integration and desegregation that society has pro-duced. I see that I have another colleague present. Mr. Speaker, can you give me the amount of time that I have left? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 14 minutes re-maining. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I assure my colleague that I will provide ample time. Continuing, Mr. Speaker, I am con-cerned about the re-segregation of our society. I believe that it can occur, and I believe that we must guard against it. I believe that the voucherization of public school funding has been and con-tinues to be the enemy of desegrega-tion and integration. Allow me to explain. After the Brown decision, as I have indicated, many States sought to repeal the require-ment that they maintain a public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.084 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1175 February 14, 2017 
school system, and many did. After the Brown decision, vouchers were seen as a means by which public schools could be privatized, so that the public school system would exist with private tax dollars that were in the form of vouch-ers, and would allow people to still go to the schools of their choice. ‘‘School choice’’ was one of the watchwords of the day. After the Brown decision, in 1955, thereabouts, Milton Friedman, Nobel Laureate, proposed that vouchers be used to allow children to go to the schools of their choice, allow their par-ents to have this opportunity to send their children to the schools of their choice. Mr. Speaker, these vouchers, had they been used as proposed, would have continued to perpetrate segregation and perpetuate it for years to come. These vouchers were not used, thank God. I regret to say, however, that many States are currently proposing voucher systems that can lead to the re-segregation of society. We have a duty to protect the gains that have been made, that have been fought for by the NAACP, by labor unions, by people of goodwill of all hues. We have got a duty and an obli-gation to protect these gains, and not allow our country to slip back into a dark past that no one wants to relive. I would hope, Mr. Speaker, that as we continue our progress, we will remem-ber the past that we have been able to extricate ourselves from. And in so doing, it is my desire that we give spe-cial attention to these attempts to use tax dollars, to voucherize tax dollars so that public schools can be privatized with tax dollars, which can lead to sep-aration, which can lead to the re-seg-regation of society. At this time, Mr. Speaker, I have my colleague, the Honorable J
IMCLYBURN  present from South Carolina. He is known as a historian par excellence. I am so honored to yield to him so that he may speak on the subjects related to Black history and the NAACP. I yield to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. C
LYBURN ). Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, HBCUs, Historically Black Colleges and Uni-versities, have been the topic of a great deal of discussions recently, and I rise, as part of the observance of Black His-tory Month, to recognize and celebrate one of them, Allen University in Co-lumbia, South Carolina. Similar to the many Historically Black Colleges and Universities across the Nation, Allen University’s con-tributions to my home State of South Carolina and the Nation are immeas-urable. Founded to offer education and opportunity to formerly enslaved Afri-can Americans, HBCUs have been cen-tral institutions in African-American communities for generations. In 1870, 5 years after the end of the Civil War, the clergy of the African Methodist Episcopal Church set out to create an institution to educate newly freed slaves and train clergy for the AME Church. The Church purchased land in Cokesbury, South Carolina, and named the new college Payne Institute in honor of AME Bishop Daniel Payne, a native of Charleston, South Carolina. Bishop Payne had become the first Black college president in the United States at Wilberforce University in 1863, which he had helped found. In 1880, Bishop William Dickerson sought to relocate the college to Co-lumbia and acquired land on which the campus sits today. The institution was renamed Allen University after Rich-ard Allen, the founder and first bishop of the AME Church. Higher education remained seg-regated in South Carolina until the early 1960s. The University of South Carolina, also in my district, only a mile away from Allen, for example, ad-mitted its first African American in 1963, 2 years after I graduated college. Throughout the Jim Crow era, Allen University offered degrees in law, edu-cation, and theology, and at one time also offered elementary and high school classes. Several of its buildings are on the National Register of Historic Places, forming the Allen University Historic District. Arnett Hall, the oldest build-ing on campus, was constructed in 1891 by the students themselves. It was named after Benjamin W. Arnett, an early leader of the AME Church, who served on Allen University’s Board of Trustees. The Chappelle Administration Build-ing, which houses the Chappelle Audi-torium, was designed by John Ander-son Lankford, known as the dean of Black architects, and completed in 1925. It was named after William David Chappelle, the great-grandfather of co-median Dave Chappelle, and a graduate of Allen University, who later served as its president. Chappelle Auditorium is one of five buildings in Columbia des-ignated a National Historic Landmark. This historic campus has been cen-tral to the Waverly neighborhood and the African-American community in Columbia. Black artists, such as Leontyne Price, Langston Hughes, and Brook Benton, all appeared at Chappelle Auditorium. In 1947, the Reverend James Hinton, then-president of the NAACP of South Carolina, held a rally at Chappelle, which was attended by Reverend Jo-seph A. DeLaine, an Allen University alumnus. Inspired by the event, Rev-erend DeLaine organized families in Summerton, South Carolina, to peti-tion their school district to provide buses for Black students who, at the time, were forced to make a daily walk of 9 miles to school. b1915 This case, Briggs v. Elliott, was the first of the five cases that became Brown v. Board of Education of To-peka, Kansas. It is no exaggeration, Mr. Speaker, to say that Allen Univer-sity was the birthplace of the move-ment that overturned ‘‘separate but equal’’ and brought an end to legal seg-regation in America. Allen University will remain central to the struggle for civil rights. In the early 1960s, Allen University students led demonstrations at seg-regated lunch counters and partici-pated in many of the marches in Co-lumbia during that period. National leaders such as Martin Luther King, Jr., Roy Wilkins, and Ralph Abernathy visited Allen during these demonstra-tions, often staying on campus when they came to town. Today Allen University is a liberal arts institution still operated by the AME Church. It has graduated many notable elected officials, including State Representative William Clyburn and his wife, Beverly Dozier Clyburn, who retired from the Aiken, South Carolina, City Council several years ago. Retired State Senator Kay Patter-son is also a graduate. Two of Allen’s alumni, former Senator Clementa Pinckney and Tywanza Sanders, were among the nine who were murdered during the attack at Emanuel AME Church in 2015. Several of its historic buildings, like Arnett Hall and Chappelle Auditorium, have been restored recently with Fed-eral funding from the HBCU Historic Preservation Program, which this body in its collective wisdom voted unani-mously last year to reauthorize. I plan, along with my friend Representative GREEN and other members of the Con-gressional Black Caucus, to reintro-duce that bill this year. I am hopeful that we will repeat the unanimity this year and that the Senate will support our efforts. Allen University has made an indel-ible mark on our society over the past 147 years. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in honoring its great contribu-tions to this great Nation. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. I thank Mr. C
LYBURN for those wonderful com-ments. They were most edifying, and I am sure that a good many people have acquired a better understanding of Allen University. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I will simply say this in my last 2 minutes. I am grateful that the NAACP was there not only for me, but for this country. The NAACP filed and won many cases, but Brown v. Board of Education has to be one of the most outstanding pieces of litigation that it engaged in. Of course, you can’t talk about Brown without mentioning the Honor-able Thurgood Marshall, who was the lead counsel in the Brown case who went on to become a Justice on the Su-preme Court. The Brown case has transformed American life. It desegregated and in-tegrated American society, the eco-nomic order, and the political order as well. I am blessed to be here because of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.085 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1176 February 14, 2017 
Brown v. Board of Education, and my hope is that we will understand that desegregation and integration are here now—and we will fight for them—but we have to also understand that we can go from desegregation to resegrega-tion. We must be careful, we must vigi-lant, and we must protect the gains that we have made. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ISSUES AND OPPORTUNITIES AT THE VA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’R
OURKE ) for 30 minutes. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I came to the floor this evening primarily to talk about issues and opportunities at the VA and the successful confirmation of our new Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs, Dr. David Shulkin, but I would be remiss in not thanking my colleague from Texas (Mr. G
REEN ) for his power-ful words about the NAACP and the profoundly positive impact that they have had on this country and on our ability to make the most of the poten-tial that we have in every single com-munity in the United States. Mr. G
REEN is well aware of the inor-dinate pride that I have in the commu-nity I represent of El Paso, Texas, and how the first chapter of the NAACP was started in El Paso, Texas, through the good work of Dr. Lawrence Nixon, who also has the distinction of having been the man who effectively deseg-regated voting in the State of Texas, ending the all-White primary which had prevailed following Reconstruction in our State, much to our lasting shame. But to our immense pride, he was the man and our community was the place where that successful fight began. As Mr. G
REEN also knows, because I had the pleasure and honor of joining him in a Special Order not too long ago, El Paso also was the home of Thel-ma White, who, along with some other young, courageous El Pasoans, had gone to the all-African-American high school, Douglass High School, in El Paso. They attempted to enroll in Texas Western College, now known as the University of Texas at El Paso, but were denied entry simply based on the color of their skin. Thanks to the NAACP and one of their most promising attorneys, Thurgood Marshall, they were able to take this case to a Federal bench, in fact, the bench of R.E. Thompson, who also happens to be an El Pasoan, whose ruling not only ruled in their favor, but effectively desegregated higher edu-cation in the State of Texas at that time and forever more. So I just want to add my thanks and my support for an outstanding organi-zation and the very positive impact that they have had on the State that I call home and the community that I am so lucky to serve and to represent. I thank the gentleman from Texas for staying just a little bit longer. Mr. Speaker, I am also here today to thank my colleagues in the Senate, who, 100–0, yesterday confirmed the President’s nomination of Dr. David Shulkin to be the next Secretary of the VA at what I think is the most critical moment in the history of that criti-cally important organization. We all know of the severe challenges that the VA and the veterans whom it purports to serve face today. We know of the challenges in service-connected disability claim wait times—in the ap-peals that are made to those claims when the judgment or the ruling is not in favor of the veteran in question or there is an error in that judgment or some additional information needs to be added—and wait times in appeals that last not days or weeks or months, but measured in years. We know about challenges in wait times for those veterans who are seek-ing to get an appointment with a pri-mary care physician, a specialty care physician, or, I think most critically, at a time when 20 veterans a day in this country—and that is a conserv-ative estimate, 20 veterans a day—are taking their own lives, severe wait times to see a mental health care pro-vider. Those are among the most im-portant challenges that we as a Con-gress and those of us who serve on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee face today. So, again, I am grateful for the Sen-ate’s work on this issue in confirming Dr. Shulkin. I have got to say, despite some deep disagreements, differences, and disappointments with the current administration, I am grateful to this President for the public good he has done in nominating Dr. Shulkin, a man who has served in previous roles as CEO of Beth Israel Medical Center in New York City, chair of medicine at Drexel University College of Medicine, and beginning in the summer of 2015, the Under Secretary for the Veterans Health Administration, where he hit the ground running and began working on the challenges before us, providing solutions to them nationally and in our individual congressional districts on the ground working with the teams there both at the VA, in the public and private sector, and with the various Representatives who brought these issues to his attention. So I could not be more grateful for his service, and I want to speak about that a little bit more. I also want to acknowledge that we have some excellent leadership on both the Senate Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee and here in the House, where Dr. P
HILROEof Tennessee is taking the helm as the chairman of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee—he, him-self, a medical doctor; he, himself, a veteran; and he, himself, someone who chose to serve on the committee as just one member of that committee in the years leading up to his selection by his colleagues as a chairman. I know from talking with him that he has big plans, significant and defined goals, and he is willing to work on a bipartisan basis to make sure that we achieve them. I am really looking forward to the ability to work with him. He is joined by return-ing Members who have sought position on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Now, for those who don’t know, for too long, the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee was seen as a backwater or a basement. It wasn’t a place where an aspiring Member of Congress with am-bitions went to do her or his work. This was a place they were relegated to when they couldn’t make it on to a big-ger or better committee. That was the old conventional wisdom. These days, I am proud to report, the Veterans’ Affairs Committee is a place of distinction, where Members serve with pride, where we ask to join that committee, as I did after I was elected in 2012, so we can tackle some of the most difficult challenges before this Congress and, certainly, this country: how we ensure that we deliver the best care to the 20 million-plus veterans who have put their lives on the line and served this country in a way that no other American has, in a way that ensures that we have the America that so many of us take for granted, vet-erans whose service dates back to World War II and leads up to those who are just returning from Afghanistan, Iraq, and many places all over the world where we have U.S. servicemem-bers stationed in more than 140 coun-tries today. Ensuring that we fulfill our obliga-tions to them, whether it is post-9/11 GI Bill educational and workforce bene-fits, whether it is access to quality and consistent health care or ensuring that we quickly, effectively, and success-fully respond to claims made after there is a service-connected disability incurred in service, we need to get these things right. The future of our country depends on it, our honor de-pends on it, and the commitments that we have made and the obligations that we have incurred as a country to these veterans, all that depends on our suc-cessful completion of that work. So I am grateful for the Members who have chosen to serve on that com-mittee; I am grateful for our chairman; and I am grateful for our ranking mem-ber, Mr. TIMWALZof Minnesota, who also happens to be the highest ranking enlisted servicemember to ever serve in the Congress as a command sergeant major, someone who has asked to be on that committee, who has written sig-nificant legislation, has ensured that the Clay Hunt SAV Act, for example, became law, which gives us a better op-portunity to reduce veteran suicide, which I think is the most critical issue that we can address, that we reduce the number of veterans who are taking their own lives and provide more re-sources and more help. I will say this about Mr. W
ALZ: He is someone who puts his country above 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.087 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1177 February 14, 2017 
party, the work that he has to do above his own self-advancement, and I think it is with that attitude, with that char-acter, and with the bipartisan group of House Veterans’ Affairs Committee members that we are going to see great work come out of this committee, great leadership come from Mr. W
ALZ and his chairman. I am so glad that Mr. W
ALZhas de-cided to spend part of his Valentine’s Day evening with me on the floor of the House talking about the great work that lies ahead for us when we try to serve the veterans of this country. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ). Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from El Paso. I very much appreciate, always, the story and the passion that you have for that great community and look at the leadership that comes out of there. I certainly know in your work for vet-erans your name will be added to that list. The passion, the willingness to solve problems, the willingness to find and make the tough choices to fulfill this Nation’s commitment to our vet-erans is something I am just proud to serve alongside you. I would echo the gentleman’s com-ments, having the opportunity today to witness the swearing in of Dr. David Shulkin as our next VA Secretary, being there with Vice President P
ENCE  along with Senators I
SAKSON and T
ESTER on the Senate side and Dr. R OE, of whom you spoke very accurately, Mr. O’R
OURKE —a true gentleman, an impassioned advocate for veterans, and a no-nonsense legislator, exactly what we need. b1930 You just have to watch the sense of can-do spirit up there and see Dr. Shulkin and his family—with young children—and the sacrifice that goes into public service. This is a gentleman who could make far more money and probably have a lot less headaches if he would continue to serve in the private sector. He chose not to do that for all the right reasons. I think it probably brings us to the message that Mr. O’R
OURKE is deliv-ering. This is something that unites this country more than anything else: the care and service to our veterans. It doesn’t matter your political per-suasion, it doesn’t matter where you fall on the spectrum, it doesn’t matter what you necessarily think of the wars or the conflicts that we are engaged in, but the care for those veterans is some-thing that my folks in Mankato, Min-nesota, your folks in El Paso, folks in Philadelphia, Los Angeles, Seattle, and every small town in between want us to get right. They want us to use the data to deliver the benefits that were earned. They want us to get it right to show that this Nation’s commitment is not something that is fleeting or comes and goes. I think most people under-stand this is a complex issue. Again, I was reading recently—to put this into perspective—when they make this promise, when they raise their hand to serve this Nation, they are in it for the long haul. The Veterans Ben-efits Administration is still paying out $73 a month to the daughter of a Civil War veteran. 152 two years after the end of that conflict, this Nation still needs to keep its commitment. So, when you go to war, it comes with a long tail attached to it. That long tail attached is doing what Presi-dent Lincoln asked us to do: care for those who bore the battle, their widow, and their orphan. I think it is within that spirit that I would encourage our constituents, Mr. Speaker, to take an eye and look at what is happening with veterans’ issues. When they don’t believe any-thing can work, and they believe every-thing up here is a fight and that we couldn’t agree it is Tuesday today, that is simply not the case. We have good, smart people working for solu-tions to difficult problems who are in the best interest of this Nation, the best interest of our veterans, and the best interest of taxpayers. I would encourage people not to make rash generalizations. When peo-ple say, Oh, nothing works in the VA, that is not true. Many things work in the VA, and many things work very well. But when they don’t, that is an abject failure. When one veteran is left behind or a situation like Phoenix arises, no, that is not good enough, and we can do better. But we have an attitude that we don’t need to keep this commitment to the VA, that we don’t need to do that, or somehow that we are not already using our resources in the private sec-tor. The gentleman, I am sure, will talk about it, but last year, 31 percent of all healthcare needs were delivered in the private sector in fee-for-service. When that makes sense, when it is most efficient, when it is most conven-ient for the veteran, we should deliver that, but with an understanding the VA has a core mission to do research into extremity injuries or things that would not happen, outside of industrial accidents or war. The VA needs to be there. The VA needs to be there to train physicians. The VA needs to be there to make sure we keep that ac-countability, instead of telling a vet-eran: You are just on your on. Good luck getting your care. It is in that spirit that I, too, am hopeful. I think it needs to be said to our constituents, Mr. Speaker, and it goes through administration after ad-ministration, whether you like the ad-ministration or not, the commitment to veterans has to be there. They have got some of it right; they have got some of it wrong. I think there is a responsibility that, in the first choice of this administration in dealing with veterans, I believe they might have picked the one person in this country best suited to do the job for veterans. That says a lot. I think it is important to stress that point, understanding that that Sec-retary can’t do it alone. Congress writes the laws. This House authorizes the money to make that happen. We have oversight responsibility, and we have partners in our veterans service organizations who are there to help, whether it be the American Legion, whether it be the VFW, the DAV, the Iraq and Afghanistan veterans. These are all folks out there who want to keep that commitment to want to help. The gentleman spoke true, and he spoke true from the heart that, at that one time, people may not have seen service on the VA Committee as some-thing as a prize position. The folks who have found themselves there are com-mitted to this, above everything. They are committed to it above party. They are committed above their own per-sonal advancement. On both sides of the aisle, there is a camaraderie that is rarely seen in the press, that is rarely seen by the general public about get-ting this right. I think there is much that can be re-stored. If anything, I oftentimes say how we conduct ourselves in this peo-ple’s House of Representatives must be a direct reflection on the sacrifice that gives us the right to self govern. Those who paid the ultimate sacrifice were doing it so that citizens could elect their Representatives to debate the issues of the day in a free and open democracy. So just the exercise to-night of having the opportunity and the privilege to share a little of the floor was given to us at great sacrifice. We need to conduct ourselves in a bi-partisan, results-oriented manner that honors that commitment. I thank the gentleman from El Paso and look forward to his leadership as our ranking member on subcommittees that are coming up on issues that will affect employees at the VA and deliv-ery of care. I know they are in good hands. As I say it again, I love the sto-ries of El Paso from such an impas-sioned son of El Paso. I think your con-stituents should be proud you are there. Mr. O’ROURKE. I thank the gen-tleman from Minnesota and the rank-ing member of the full committee of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee for being here tonight and talking about not just our challenges, but some of the hope and opportunity that we have ahead with this new Secretary for the VA, this new leadership on the committee, and this renewed commit-ment from this Congress and this coun-try to do the right thing by her vet-erans. I am so glad, Mr. Speaker, that he mentioned the necessity to ensure the long-time health and viability of the VA. There has been some talk about privatizing the VA and of just essen-tially asking our veterans to go find their own doctors and their own med-ical providers in the communities in which they live, no longer having the VA as the core of the delivery of care that they have depended on for so long. I think it is important that Sec-retary Shulkin, in his confirmation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.089 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1178 February 14, 2017 
hearing, said that he would never be part of privatizing the VA, at least not on his watch, at least not during his tenure. While there are opportunities to cap-italize on care in the community, as the ranking member said, only at the VA will we have doctors, nurses, pro-viders, and frontline staff, many of whom are, by the way, themselves vet-erans who have uniquely cared for other veterans, know the signs to look for when we are trying to reduce vet-eran suicide, know specifically how to treat post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, military sexual trauma, traumatic amputations—the kinds of conditions that don’t typically occur in the civilian population and that we don’t see at our general pri-vate-public hospitals, but are unique to the VA and unique to military medi-cine, where we uniquely will ensure that our veterans and military retirees get world-class care from those who are uniquely trained to deliver that to en-sure the best outcomes. While we should never shy from the shortcomings or the challenges within the VA—and there are plenty of them— I think it is really important to reit-erate how often we are successful in seeing veterans whose care depends upon a doctor or a provider at the VA who leaves that appointment grateful for the time that they were able to spend there, grateful for the care they received, and grateful for the fact that there is a VA. This last week, on Friday—it was a few days early—we took some Valen-tine’s Day cards made by elementary school students at LBJ Elementary in El Paso to veterans at the VA. I was joined by Colonel Mike Amaral, the new permanent director of the El Paso VA, formerly chief of staff at William Beaumont Army Medical Center. We shook hands with veterans, shook hands with frontline staff, shook hands with nurses and providers at the VA, thanking them for their service, wish-ing them an early happy Valentine’s Day. To each veteran either coming in or leaving the VA, I asked them what their experience was like in either making an appointment, if they were on their way in, or how their appoint-ment went when they were on their way out. As the ranking member knows, the veterans who we represent are never shy about sharing the truth and the facts of their experience with the VA. We hear the good, we hear the bad, we hear the ugly. At the El Paso VA on Friday, for every veteran who had been seen by a doctor, the story was a positive one. For every veteran going in to see a doc-tor, the story was a positive one. It doesn’t mean that every single vet-eran’s story in El Paso is positive. Let’s acknowledge that some appoint-ments are dropped. Sometimes the phone isn’t answered. Sometimes an appointment is made and the doctor is not there to see the veteran. All of those circumstances are unac-ceptable. I know Colonel Amaral feels the way I do. I know Secretary Shulkin feels the way I do. I know every single Member of Congress feels the way I do. But let’s remember that the vast ma-jority of veterans are able to be seen, are getting great health care at the VA, and, for the most part, when they are referred to care in the community when a doctor is unavailable at the VA, when a psychiatrist is not able to see that veteran for a behavioral health appointment and referred to a provider in the community, most of those right now are working well. Not perfectly, not all the time. There is work before us that we must do, and it is critically important, but I am making the point that the VA needs to maintain the core of delivery of care to our veterans. We can add to that core the providers in our commu-nities, public hospitals, private hos-pitals, clinics, doctors, those who want to step up at not great profit to them-selves. The rates that they are reim-bursed are just at or less than Medi-care, but they do it because they want to do their part to continue to serve this country, to serve veterans who stood up, put their lives on the line, and ensured that we have the United States that we are so grateful for today. So I think that is a positive situation on which we can build with the right team here in Congress, at our local VAs, and with our new Secretary. I will tell you a story about Sec-retary Shulkin. Shortly after he was named Under Secretary of Veterans Health Administration, I brought to his attention the suicide crisis that we have in El Paso among El Paso vet-erans, in Texas, and in the United States, where we now know that today, by VA’s latest estimate, 20 veterans are taking their own lives. The old es-timate was 22. It was based on incom-plete data. All 50 States’ basis for the new numbers shows us that we are at 20. That is too many. It is unaccept-able. It has to become our number one priority. Unless it is, we won’t reduce that number, we won’t save more lives, we won’t prevent more preventable deaths. I shared with Dr. Shulkin that, after hearing from veteran after veteran after veteran, while generally their care received in the VA was excellent— when they were there, they were treat-ed like a king or a queen—too often, when they were seeking a behavioral health appointment, mental health care appointment, maybe related to post-traumatic disorder, maybe a Viet-nam-era veteran who had successfully bottled his trauma, experiences for 40, 45, 50 years who was now coming to terms when he reached certain cross-roads in his life with that trauma and needed to speak to someone, too often they were not able to get in to see somebody at the VA. So we conducted a scientific, objec-tive, third-party survey of veterans in El Paso, and we found—with a margin of error less than 4 percent, so this is pretty conclusive—that more than a third of veterans in our community could not get in to see a mental health care provider when, at that time, the prescribed 2 weeks, not within 30 days, not within a year. Just not ever. We know for a fact that care delayed becomes care denied. It leads to ter-rible outcomes. At a minimum, unnec-essary suffering for that veteran; at worst, preventable deaths. Veterans taking their own lives. So I brought this issue to Dr. Shulkin’s attention. I told him this community had rallied around our vet-erans in El Paso, Texas, and that the VA providers there, the public hospital, University Medical Center; Del Sol Hospital; Providence Hospital; Mentis Neurological Rehabilitation Center, another private facility; all of these folks wanted to come together to see if they could fill the gap in care and cov-erage that the VA was unable to meet. But we needed some leadership from the VA. We needed them to take a chance on a model that had never been tried before. We wanted Dr. Shulkin and the VHA to get behind a pilot pro-gram in El Paso that would allow us to take some of these matters into our own hands, where, despite the best in-tentions and significantly increased funding from the VA in El Paso, we still weren’t able to see veterans who desperately need care. Dr. Shulkin reviewed the proposal with us, made some suggested changes, and within 4 months of having been sworn in as Under Secretary of VHA, he was able to help us get this pilot program approved, underway, with a collaboration with Texas Tech Univer-sity Health Sciences Center in El Paso, after finding that the best performing VAs in the country are associated with academic teaching institutions. He made that partnership with Texas Tech possible. He made referring care out into the community where we didn’t have the doctors in the VA pos-sible. He ensured that at the VA we continue to concentrate on those areas of excellence—on service and combat- connected disabilities and conditions that we don’t see in the general popu-lation that, more than anything else, makes the case for the VA: for strengthening the VA, for ensuring that it is not there just today, but for-ever. As long as we have a country, we should have a VA that performs at the high levels in those areas where vet-erans need it most—post-traumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, traumatic amputation, military sexual trauma—those conditions that are unique to service and to combat. b1945 So I am really encouraged that we have him now as the Secretary of the full VA. I am really encouraged that we have the leadership like Mr. W
ALZ and Dr. R
OEin the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs in the House. I am really 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.091 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1179 February 14, 2017 
encouraged by the leadership that we see on the Senate side, and I have got to tell you—and I am sure that Mr. W
ALZ would agree with me—we have leadership out in every single commu-nity in this country, from the Veterans of Foreign Wars, from the Vietnam Veterans of America, from the Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, from the Disabled American Veterans, from the Paralyzed Veterans of America, from every single veterans service or-ganization, too many to mention in the time that I have allotted today, who put the pressure, provide the solutions, make trips up to Washington, D.C., as they will this next week, to ensure that they are holding us accountable for the terrific responsibility that we have before us, and that we perform against that responsibility and that we perform against the goals that we have set—very ambitious, but achievable goals—for this country and every sin-gle veteran who has served who lives in this country who we have a sacred obli-gation to today. I am encouraged that this com-mittee, this Congress, this country works on a bipartisan—or let’s just say a nonpartisan—basis to get that work done. We are introducing two bills to-morrow, for example, both with Repub-lican cosponsors. The first bill is the Veteran Prescription Continuity Act with Representative M
IKE COFFMAN  from Colorado and Representative W
ALTER JONES from North Carolina. That bill, if made into law, will ensure that veterans who were dependent on the care provided in part through pre-scriptions prescribed while they were Active Duty servicemembers at a mili-tary treatment facility are still able to receive those prescriptions as veterans. A lot of folks don’t know this, but we don’t have a unified formulary between DOD and VA. Some veterans, some pre-scriptions get dropped along the way. Here is a no-brainer, quick bipartisan fix to that part of the problem. The other bill is the Mental Health Care Provider Retention Act, also in-troduced with W
ALTER JONES from North Carolina. This ensures at a time of crisis when it comes to veteran sui-cide that if you are an Active Duty servicemember and you are receiving good treatment at a military treat-ment facility for post-traumatic stress disorder, for example, or other mental health issues, that if the VA cannot continue that care because we don’t have enough psychiatrists or psycholo-gists—we are 45,000 clinical positions short in the VA today—if you are get-ting good care in the Department of Defense military treatment facility and there is not that care for you on the VA side as you transition out and separate in a given community like El Paso, that you will be able to continue to receive quality mental health care treatment at that military treatment facility. Again, this isn’t going to solve every access problem. It is not going to, in itself, reduce or solve the suicide crisis we have amongst veterans, but it is a commonsense, bipartisan approach that makes things a little bit better, that ensures that we have more access for more veterans and begin to take more steps toward reducing veteran suicide. Mr. Speaker, I am very encouraged today by the opportunities before us, by the leadership that is ready to take on that work, and with the opportunity I have to join these leaders to ensure that we fulfill every commitment that we have to every veteran in America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL  
SERVICES FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS  H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES , Washington, DC, February 14, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : I submit for publica-tion the attached copy of the rules of the Committee on Financial Services of the U.S. House of Representatives as adopted on Feb-ruary 2, 2017, for the 115th Congress. Sincerely, J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman. R
ULE1 
GENERAL PROVISIONS  (a) The rules of the House are the rules of the Committee on Financial Services (here-inafter in these rules referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’) and its subcommittees so far as applicable, except that a motion to recess from day to day, and a motion to dispense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or res-olution, if printed copies are available, are privileged motions in the Committee and shall be considered without debate. A pro-posed investigative or oversight report shall be considered as read if it has been available to the members of the Committee for at least 24 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sun-days, or legal holidays except when the House is in session on such day). (b) Each subcommittee is a part of the Committee, and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee and to its rules so far as applicable (c) The provisions of clause 2 of rule XI of the Rules of the House are incorporated by reference as the rules of the Committee to the extent applicable. R
ULE2 
MEETINGS  Calling of Meetings (a)(1) The Committee shall regularly meet on the first Tuesday of each month when the House is in session. (2) A regular meeting of the Committee may be dispensed with if, in the judgment of the Chairman of the Committee (hereinafter in these rules referred to as the ‘‘Chair’’), there is no need for the meeting. (3) Additional regular meetings and hear-ings of the Committee may be called by the Chair, in accordance with clause 2(g)(3) of rule XI of the rules of the House. (4) Special meetings shall be called and convened by the Chair as provided in clause 2(c)(2) of rule XI of the Rules of the House. Notice for Meetings (b)(1) The Chair shall notify each member of the Committee of the agenda of each reg-ular meeting of the Committee at least three calendar days (excluding Saturdays, Sun-days, and legal holidays except when the House is in session on any such day) before the time of the meeting. (2) The Chair shall provide to each member of the Committee, at least three calendar days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays except when the House is in session on any such day) before the time of each regular meeting for each measure or matter on the agenda a copy of— (A) the measure or materials relating to the matter in question; and (B) an explanation of the measure or mat-ter to be considered, which, in the case of an explanation of a bill, resolution, or similar measure, shall include a summary of the major provisions of the legislation, an expla-nation of the relationship of the measure to present law, and a summary of the need for the legislation. (3) At least 24 hours prior to the com-mencement of a meeting for the markup of legislation, the Chair shall cause the text of such legislation to be made publicly avail-able in electronic form. (4) The provisions of this subsection may be waived by a two- thirds vote of the Com-mittee or by the Chair with the concurrence of the ranking minority member. RULE3 
MEETING AND HEARING PROCEDURES  In General (a)(1) Meetings and hearings of the Com-mittee shall be called to order and presided over by the Chair or, in the Chair’s absence, by a member designated by the Chair to carry out such duties. (2) Meetings and hearings of the Com-mittee shall be open to the public unless closed in accordance with clause 2(g) of rule XI of the Rules of the House. (3) Any meeting or hearing of the Com-mittee that is open to the public shall be open to coverage by television broadcast, radio broadcast, and still photography in ac-cordance with the provisions of clause 4 of rule XI of the Rules of the House (which are incorporated by reference as part of these rules). Operation and use of any Committee operated broadcast system shall be fair and nonpartisan and in accordance with clause 4(b) of rule XI and all other applicable rules of the Committee and the House. (4) To the extent feasible, members and witnesses may use the Committee equipment for the purpose of presenting information electronically during a meeting or hearing, provided the information is transmitted to the appropriate Committee staff in an appro-priate electronic format at least one busi-ness day before the meeting or hearing so as to ensure display capacity and quality. The content of all materials must relate to the pending business of the Committee and con-form to the rules of the House. The confiden-tiality of the material will be maintained by the technical staff until its official presen-tation to the Committee members. For the purposes of maintaining the official records of the committee, printed copies of all mate-rials presented, to the extent practicable, must accompany the presentations. (5) No person, other than a Member of Con-gress, Committee staff, or an employee of a Member when that Member has an amend-ment under consideration, may stand in or be seated at the rostrum area of the Com-mittee rooms unless the Chair determines otherwise. Quorum (b)(1) For the purpose of taking testimony and receiving evidence, two members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum. (2) A majority of the members of the Com-mittee shall constitute a quorum for the pur-poses of reporting any measure or matter, of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.093 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1180 February 14, 2017 
authorizing a subpoena (other than a sub-poena authorized and issued by the Chair pursuant to subsection (e)(1)), of closing a meeting or hearing pursuant to clause 2(g) of rule XI of the Rules of the House (except as provided in clause 2(g)(2)(A) and (B)) or of re-leasing executive session material pursuant to clause 2(k)(7) of rule XI of the Rules of the House. (3) For the purpose of taking any action other than those specified in paragraph (2) one-third of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum. Voting (c)(1) No vote may be conducted on any measure or matter pending before the Com-mittee unless the requisite number of mem-bers of the Committee is actually present for such purpose. (2) A record vote of the Committee shall be provided on any question before the Com-mittee upon the request of one-fifth of the members present. (3) No vote by any member of the Com-mittee on any measure or matter may be cast by proxy. (4) In addition to any other requirement of these rules or the Rules of the House, includ-ing clause 2(e)(1)(B) of rule XI, the Chair shall make the record of the votes on any question on which a record vote is demanded publicly available for inspection at the of-fices of the Committee and in electronic form on the Committee’s Web site not later than one business day after such vote is taken. Such record shall include in elec-tronic form the text of the amendment, mo-tion, order, or other proposition, the name of each member voting for and each member voting against such amendment, motion, order, or proposition, and the names of those members of the Committee present but not voting. With respect to any record vote on any motion to report or record vote on any amendment, a record of such votes shall be included in the report of the Committee showing the total number of votes cast for and against and the names of those members of the committee present but not voting. (5) P
OSTPONED RECORD VOTES.—(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), the Chairman may post-pone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving any measure or matter or adopting an amend-ment. The Chairman may resume pro-ceedings on a postponed request at any time, but no later than the next meeting day. (B) In exercising postponement authority under subparagraph (A), the Chairman shall take all reasonable steps necessary to notify members on the resumption of proceedings on any postponed record vote. (C) When proceedings resume on a post-poned question, notwithstanding any inter-vening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. (D) The Chair’s authority to postpone re-corded votes will not be used to prejudice a member with regard to the offering of an-other amendment. In the application of this rule, the Chair will consult regularly with the ranking minority member regarding the scheduling of the resumption of postponed votes. Hearing Procedures (d)(1)(A) The Chair shall make public an-nouncement of the date, place, and subject matter of any committee hearing at least one week before the commencement of the hearing, unless the Chair, with the concur-rence of the ranking minority member, or the Committee by majority vote with a quorum present for the transaction of busi-ness, determines there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner, in which case the Chair shall make the announcement at the earliest possible date. (B) Not less than three days before the commencement of a hearing (excluding Sat-urdays, Sundays, and legal holidays except when the House is in session on any such day) announced under this paragraph, the Chair shall provide to the members of the Committee a concise summary of the subject of the hearing, or, in the case of a hearing on a measure or matter, a copy of the measure or materials relating to the matter in ques-tion and a concise explanation of the meas-ure or matter to be considered. At the same time the Chair provides the information re-quired by the preceding sentence, the Chair shall also provide to the members of the Committee a list of the witnesses expected to appear before the Committee at that hear-ing. The witness list may not be modified within 24 hours of a hearing, unless the Chair, with the concurrence of the ranking minority member, determines there is good cause for such modification. (2) To the greatest extent practicable— (A) each witness who is to appear before the Committee shall file with the Committee two business days in advance of the appear-ance sufficient copies (including a copy in electronic form), as determined by the Chair, of a written statement of proposed testi-mony and shall limit the oral presentation to the Committee to brief summary thereof; and (B) each witness appearing in a non-gov-ernmental capacity shall include with the written statement of proposed testimony a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of the amount and source (by agency and program) of any Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof) received during the current fiscal year or either of the two preceding fiscal years. Such disclo-sure statements, with appropriate redactions to protect the privacy of the witness, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than one day after the witness ap-pears. (3) The requirements of paragraph (2)(A) may be modified or waived by the Chair when the Chair determines it to be in the best interest of the Committee. (4)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), the five-minute rule shall be observed in the in-terrogation of witnesses before the Com-mittee or any of its subcommittees until each present member thereof has had an op-portunity to question the witnesses. No member shall be recognized for a second pe-riod of five minutes to interrogate witnesses until each present member of the Committee or such subcommittee has been recognized once for that purpose. (B) The Chair may permit a specified num-ber of members to question one or more wit-nesses for a specified period of time not to exceed 60 minutes in the aggregate, equally divided between and controlled by the Chair and the ranking minority member. (5) Whenever any hearing is conducted by the Committee on any measure or matter, the minority party members of the Com-mittee shall be entitled, upon the request of a majority of them before the completion of the hearing, to call witnesses with respect to that measure or matter during at least one day of hearing thereon. The Chair, with the concurrence of the ranking minority mem-ber, will determine the date, time, and place of such hearing. (6) At any hearing of the Committee, open-ing statements by members of the Com-mittee shall be limited to 10 minutes in the aggregate. The Chair shall control five min-utes and recognize members in the Chair’s sole discretion. The ranking minority mem-ber shall control five minutes; the Chair shall recognize members for such five min-utes according to the direction of the rank-ing minority member as communicated to the Chair. (7) Notwithstanding any member’s oral de-livery of an opening statement, written opening statements by any member of the Committee submitted to the Chair within 5 legislative days after the adjournment of a hearing shall be made a part of the official hearing record thereof Subpoenas and Oaths (e)(1) The power to authorize and issue sub-poenas is delegated to the Chair. The Chair will provide written notice to the ranking minority member at least 48 hours in ad-vance of the authorization and issuance of a subpoena, except when exigent cir-cumstances exist that do not permit such amount of notice, in which case the Chair shall provide such notice as soon as possible. (2) Authorized subpoenas shall be signed by the Chair or by any member designated by the Committee, and may be served by any person designated by the Chair or such mem-ber. (3) The Chair, or any member of the Com-mittee designated by the Chair, may admin-ister oaths to witnesses before the Com-mittee. RULE4 
PROCEDURES FOR REPORTING MEASURES OR  
MATTERS  (a) No measure or matter shall be reported from the Committee unless a majority of the Committee is actually present. (b) The Chair of the Committee shall re-port or cause to be reported promptly to the House any measure approved by the Com-mittee and take necessary steps to bring a matter to a vote. (c) The report of the Committee on a meas-ure which has been approved by the Com-mittee shall be filed within seven calendar days (exclusive of days on which the House is not in session) after the day on which there has been filed with the clerk of the Com-mittee a written request, signed by a major-ity of the members of the Committee, for the reporting of that measure pursuant to the provisions of clause 2(b)(2) of rule XIII of the Rules of the House. (d) All reports printed by the Committee pursuant to a legislative study or investiga-tion and not approved by a majority vote of the Committee shall contain the following disclaimer on the cover of such report: ‘‘This report has not been officially adopted by the Committee on Financial Services and may not necessarily reflect the views of its Mem-bers.’’ (e) The Chair is directed to offer a motion under clause 1 of rule XXII of the Rules of the House whenever the Chair considers it appropriate. R
ULE5 
SUBCOMMITTEES  Establishment and Responsibilities of Subcommittees (a)(1) There shall be six subcommittees of the Committee as follows: 
(A)SUBCOMMITTEE ON CAPITAL MARKETS , SE-
CURITIES , AND INVESTMENT .—The jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment includes— (i) securities, exchanges, and finance; (ii) capital markets activities, including securitization, business capital formation, securities lending, and repurchase agree-ments; (iii) investment companies and advisers to private funds; (iv) activities involving accounting and au-diting; (v) activities involving futures, forwards, options, and other types of derivative instru-ments; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.029 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1181 February 14, 2017 
(vi) the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion; (vii) the Financial Accounting Standards Board; (viii) the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board; (ix) the Public Company Accounting Over-sight Board; (x) the Securities Investor Protection Cor-poration; and (xi) self-regulatory organizations reg-istered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. (B) S
UBCOMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL INSTITU -
TIONS AND CONSUMER CREDIT .— The jurisdic-tion of the Subcommittee on Financial Insti-tutions and Consumer Credit includes— (i) all agencies, including the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal De-posit Insurance Corporation, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Reserve System, and the Na-tional Credit Union Administration, which directly or indirectly exercise supervisory or regulatory authority in connection with, or provide deposit insurance for, financial insti-tutions, and the establishment of interest rate ceilings on deposits; (ii) all matters related to the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection; (iii) the chartering, branching, merger, ac-quisition, consolidation, or conversion of fi-nancial institutions; (iv) consumer credit, including the provi-sion of consumer credit by insurance compa-nies, and further including those matters in the Consumer Credit Protection Act dealing with truth in lending, extortionate credit transactions, restrictions on garnishments, fair credit reporting and the use of credit in-formation by credit bureaus and credit pro-viders, equal credit opportunity, debt collec-tion practices, and electronic funds trans-fers, including consumer transactions using mobile devices; (v) creditor remedies and debtor defenses, Federal aspects of the Uniform Consumer Credit Code, credit and debit cards, and the preemption of State usury laws; (vi) consumer access to financial services, including the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act and the Community Reinvestment Act; (vii) the terms and rules of disclosure of fi-nancial services, including the advertise-ment, promotion and pricing of financial services, and availability of government check cashing services; (viii) deposit insurance; and (ix) consumer access to savings accounts and checking accounts in financial institu-tions, including lifeline banking and other consumer accounts. 
(C)SUBCOMMITTEE ON HOUSING AND INSUR -
ANCE .—The jurisdiction of the Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance includes— (i) insurance generally; terrorism risk in-surance; private mortgage insurance; govern-ment sponsored insurance programs, includ-ing those offering protection against crime, fire, flood (and related land use controls), earthquake and other natural hazards; the Federal Insurance Office; (ii) housing (except programs administered by the Department of Veterans Affairs), in-cluding mortgage and loan insurance pursu-ant to the National Housing Act; rural hous-ing; housing and homeless assistance pro-grams; all activities of the Government Na-tional Mortgage Association; secondary mar-ket organizations for home mortgages, in-cluding the Federal National Mortgage Asso-ciation, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, and the Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation; the Federal Housing Finance Agency; the Federal Home Loan Banks; housing construction and design and safety standards; housing-related energy conservation; housing research and dem-onstration programs; financial and technical assistance for nonprofit housing sponsors; housing counseling and technical assistance; regulation of the housing industry (including landlord/tenant relations); and real estate lending including regulation of settlement procedures; (iii) community development and commu-nity and neighborhood planning, training and research; national urban growth policies; urban/rural research and technologies; and regulation of interstate land sales; and, (iv) the qualifications for and designation of Empowerment Zones and Enterprise Com-munities (other than matters relating to tax benefits). (D)SUBCOMMITTEE ON MONETARY POLICY  
AND TRADE .—The jurisdiction of the Sub-committee on Monetary Policy and Trade in-cludes— (i) financial aid to all sectors and elements within the economy; (ii) economic growth and stabilization; (iii) defense production matters as con-tained in the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended; (iv) domestic monetary policy, and agen-cies which directly or indirectly affect do-mestic monetary policy, including the effect of such policy and other financial actions on interest rates, the allocation of credit, and the structure and functioning of domestic fi-nancial institutions; (v) coins, coinage, currency, and medals, including commemorative coins and medals, proof and mint sets and other special coins, the Coinage Act of 1965, gold and silver, in-cluding the coinage thereof (but not the par value of gold), gold medals, counterfeiting, currency denominations and design, the dis-tribution of coins, and the operations of the Bureau of the Mint and the Bureau of En-graving and Printing; (vi) development of new or alternative forms of currency; (vii) multilateral development lending in-stitutions, including activities of the Na-tional Advisory Council on International Monetary and Financial Policies as related thereto, and monetary and financial develop-ments as they relate to the activities and ob-jectives of such institutions; (viii) international trade, including but not limited to the activities of the Export-Im-port Bank; (ix) the International Monetary Fund, its permanent and temporary agencies, and all matters related thereto; and (x) international investment policies, both as they relate to United States investments for trade purposes by citizens of the United States and investments made by all foreign entities in the United States. 
(E)SUBCOMMITTEE ON TERRORISM AND IL-
LICIT FINANCE .—The jurisdiction of the Sub-committee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance includes— (i) financial support networks of national security threats, including matters related to terrorist financing, money laundering, drug sale proceeds, and alternative remit-tance systems; (ii) methods to detect and inhibit ter-rorism and illicit finance, including matters related to anti-money laundering and com-bating the financing of terrorism (AML/CFT) standards, asset forfeiture, and financial sanctions, as well as programs related to such matters administered by agencies or subunits thereof, including activities of the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intel-ligence and the Financial Crimes Enforce-ment Network; and (iii) Inter-governmental initiatives to de-tect and inhibit terrorism and illicit finance, including the Financial Action Task Force. 
(F)SUBCOMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND IN-
VESTIGATIONS .—The jurisdiction of the Sub-committee on Oversight and Investigations includes— (i) the oversight of all agencies, depart-ments, programs, and matters within the ju-risdiction of the Committee, including the development of recommendations with re-gard to the necessity or desirability of enact-ing, changing, or repealing any legislation within the jurisdiction of the Committee, and for conducting investigations within such jurisdiction; and (ii) research and analysis regarding mat-ters within the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee, including the impact or probable im-pact of tax policies affecting matters within the jurisdiction of the Committee. (2) In addition, each such subcommittee shall have specific responsibility for such other measures or matters as the Chair re-fers to it. (3) Each subcommittee of the Committee shall review and study, on a continuing basis, the application, administration, exe-cution, and effectiveness of those laws, or parts of laws, the subject matter of which is within its general responsibility. Referral of Measures and Matters to Subcommittees (b)(1) The Chair shall regularly refer to one or more subcommittees such measures and matters as the Chair deems appropriate given its jurisdiction and responsibilities. In making such a referral, the Chair may des-ignate a subcommittee of primary jurisdic-tion and subcommittees of additional or se-quential jurisdiction. (2) All other measures or matters shall be subject to consideration by the full Com-mittee. (3) In referring any measure or matter to a subcommittee, the Chair may specify a date by which the subcommittee shall report thereon to the Committee. (4) The Chair, in his or her sole discretion, may discharge a subcommittee from consid-eration of it any measure or matter referred to a subcommittee of the Committee. Composition of Subcommittees (c)(1) Members shall be elected to each sub-committee and to the positions of chair and ranking minority member thereof, in accord-ance with the rules of the respective party caucuses. The Chair of the Committee shall designate a member of the majority party on each subcommittee as its vice chair. The Chair may designate one member of the Committee who previously has served as the chairman of the Committee as the Chairman Emeritus. (2) The Chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee shall be ex officio members with voting privileges of each sub-committee of which they are not assigned as members and may be counted for purposes of establishing a quorum in such subcommit-tees. The Chairman Emeritus shall be an ex officio member without voting privileges of each subcommittee to which he or she is not assigned and shall not count for purposes of establishing a quorum in such subcommit-tees. (3) The subcommittees shall be comprised as follows: (A) The Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investment shall be com-prised of 28 members, 16 elected by the ma-jority caucus and 12 elected by the minority caucus. (B) The Subcommittee on Financial Insti-tutions and Consumer Credit shall be com-prised of 26 members, 15 elected by the ma-jority caucus and 11 elected by the minority caucus. (C) The Subcommittee on Housing and In-surance shall be comprised of 23 members, 13 elected by the majority caucus and 10 elected by the minority caucus. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.031 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1182 February 14, 2017 
(D) The Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade shall be comprised of 21 members, 12 elected by the majority caucus and 9 elected by the minority caucus. (E) The Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance shall be comprised of 25 mem-bers, 14 elected by the majority caucus and 11 elected by the minority caucus. (F) The Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations shall be comprised of 21 mem-bers, 12 elected by the majority caucus and 9 elected by the minority caucus. Subcommittee Meetings and Hearings (d)(1) Each subcommittee of the Com-mittee is authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive testimony, mark up legislation, and report to the full Committee on any measure or matter referred to it, consistent with sub-section (a). (2) No subcommittee of the Committee may meet or hold a hearing at the same time as a meeting or hearing of the Committee. (3) The chair of each subcommittee shall set hearing and meeting dates only with the approval of the Chair with a view toward as-suring the availability of meeting rooms and avoiding simultaneous scheduling of Com-mittee and subcommittee meetings or hear-ings. Effect of a Vacancy (e) Any vacancy in the membership of a subcommittee shall not affect the power of the remaining members to execute the func-tions of the subcommittee as long as the re-quired quorum is present. Records (f) Each subcommittee of the Committee shall provide the full Committee with copies of such records of votes taken in the sub-committee and such other records with re-spect to the subcommittee as the Chair deems necessary for the Committee to com-ply with all rules and regulations of the House. R
ULE6 
STAFF  In General (a)(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), the professional and other staff of the Com-mittee shall be appointed, and may be re-moved by the Chair, and shall work under the general supervision and direction of the Chair. (2) All professional and other staff provided to the minority party members of the Com-mittee shall be appointed, and may be re-moved, by the ranking minority member of the Committee, and shall work under the general supervision and direction of such member. (3) It is intended that the skills and experi-ence of all members of the Committee staff be available to all members of the Com-mittee. Subcommittee Staff (b) From funds made available for the ap-pointment of staff, the Chair of the Com-mittee shall, pursuant to clause 6(d) of rule X of the Rules of the House, ensure that suf-ficient staff is made available so that each subcommittee can carry out its responsibil-ities under the rules of the Committee and that the minority party is treated fairly in the appointment of such staff. Compensation of Staff (c)(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Chair shall fix the compensation of all professional and other staff of the Com-mittee. (2) The ranking minority member shall fix the compensation of all professional and other staff provided to the minority party members of the Committee. RULE7 
BUDGET AND TRAVEL  Budget (a)(1) The Chair, in consultation with other members of the Committee, shall prepare for each Congress a budget providing amounts for staff, necessary travel, investigation, and other expenses of the Committee and its sub-committees. (2) From the amount provided to the Com-mittee in the primary expense resolution adopted by the House of Representatives, the Chair, after consultation with the ranking minority member, shall designate an amount to be under the direction of the ranking mi-nority member for the compensation of the minority staff, travel expenses of minority members and staff, and minority office ex-penses. All expenses of minority members and staff shall be paid for out of the amount so set aside. Travel (b)(1) The Chair may authorize travel for any member and any staff member of the Committee in connection with activities or subject matters under the general jurisdic-tion of the Committee. Before such author-ization is granted, there shall be submitted to the Chair in writing the following: (A) The purpose of the travel. (B) The dates during which the travel is to occur. (C) The names of the States or countries to be visited and the length of time to be spent in each. (D) The names of members and staff of the Committee for whom the authorization is sought. (2) Members and staff of the Committee shall make a written report to the Chair on any travel they have conducted under this subsection, including a description of their itinerary, expenses, and activities, and of pertinent information gained as a result of such travel. (3) Members and staff of the Committee performing authorized travel on official busi-ness shall be governed by applicable laws, resolutions, and regulations of the House and of the Committee on House Administration. R
ULE8 
COMMITTEE ADMINISTRATION  Records (a)(1) There shall be a transcript made of each regular meeting and hearing of the Committee, and the transcript may be print-ed if the Chair decides it is appropriate or if a majority of the members of the Committee requests such printing. Any such transcripts shall be a substantially verbatim account of remarks actually made during the pro-ceedings, subject only to technical, gram-matical, and typographical corrections au-thorized by the person making the remarks. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to require that all such transcripts be sub-ject to correction and publication. (2) The Committee shall keep a record of all actions of the Committee and of its sub-committees. The record shall contain all in-formation required by clause 2(e)(1) of rule XI of the Rules of the House and shall be available in electronic form and for public inspection at reasonable times in the offices of the Committee. (3) All Committee hearings, records, data, charts, and files shall be kept separate and distinct from the congressional office records of the Chair, shall be the property of the House, and all Members of the House shall have access thereto as provided in clause 2(e)(2) of rule XI of the Rules of the House. (4) The records of the Committee at the National Archives and Records Administra-tion shall be made available for public use in accordance with rule VII of the Rules of the House of Representatives. The Chair shall notify the ranking minority member of any decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 4(b) of the rule, to withhold a record other-wise available, and the matter shall be pre-sented to the Committee for a determination on written request of any member of the Committee. Committee Publications on the Internet (b) The Chair shall maintain an official Committee website for the purpose of car-rying out the official responsibilities of the Committee, including communicating infor-mation about the Committee’s activities. The ranking minority member may main-tain an official website. To the maximum ex-tent feasible, the Committee shall make its publications available in electronic form on the official Committee website maintained by the Chair. Audio and Video Coverage of Committee Hearings and Meetings (c)(1) To the maximum extent feasible, the Committee shall provide audio and video coverage of each hearing or meeting for the transaction of business in a manner that al-lows the public to easily 24 listen to and view the proceedings; and, (2) maintain the recordings of such cov-erage in a manner that is easily accessible to the public. f ADJOURNMENT Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 7 o’clock and 49 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, February 15, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
572. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary of Defense, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, Department of Defense, trans-mitting a report entitled ‘‘Strategic and Critical Materials Operations Report To Congress: Operations under the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act dur-ing Fiscal Year 2016’’, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 98h-2(a); June 7, 1939, ch. 190, Sec. 11(a) (as amended by Public Law 103-35, Sec. 204(d)); (107 Stat. 103); to the Committee on Armed Services. 573. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Clarification of When Products Made or De-rived From Tobacco Are Regulated as Drugs, Devices, or Combination Products; Amend-ments to Regulations Regarding ‘‘Intended Uses’’; Delayed Effective Date [Docket No.: FDA-2015-N-2002] (RIN: 0910-AH19) received February 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 574. A letter from the President, National Legislative Assembly of Thailand, transmit-ting a letter expressing condolences to the victims and affected families of the Pulse Club shooting in Orlando, Florida; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 575. A letter from the Division Chief, Regu-latory Affairs, Bureau of Land Management, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.033 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1183 February 14, 2017 
Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s interim final rule — Onshore Oil and Gas Operations — Civil Penalties In-flation Adjustments (RIN: 1004-AE46) re-ceived February 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 576. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Fish and Wildlife and Parks, National Park Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Civil Penalties Inflation Adjust-ments [NPS-WASO-NAGPRA-22726; GPO De-posit Acct. 4311H2] (RIN: 1024-AE37) received February 12, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 123. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 43) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by Sec-retary of Health and Human Services relat-ing to compliance with title X requirements by project recipients in selecting subrecipi-ents; providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 69) providing for con-gressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of the Interior relating to ‘‘Non-Subsistence Take of Wildlife, and Pub-lic Participation and Closure Procedures, on National Wildlife Refuges Alaska’’; and pro-viding for proceedings during the period from February 17, 2017, through February 24, 2017 (Rept. 115–12). Referred to the House Cal-endar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 1029. A bill to amend the Federal In-secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act to improve pesticide registration and other ac-tivities under the Act, to extend and modify fee authorities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H.R. 1030. A bill to direct the Director of National Intelligence to conduct a study on cyber attack standards of measurement; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself, Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. P
ALMER , Mr. A MASH , Mr. G OH-
MERT , Mr. B IGGS, Mr. R OEof Ten-nessee, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. H URD, Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. H
UDSON , and Mr. K INGof Iowa): H.R. 1031. A bill to eliminate the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection by repealing title X of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act, com-monly known as the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BYRNE: H.R. 1032. A bill to expand the eligibility of veterans for hospital care and medical serv-ices provided by non-Department of Veterans Affairs medical providers under the Veterans Choice Program; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-self, Ms. CHENEY , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. L
ABRADOR , and Mr. P ETERSON ): H.R. 1033. A bill to amend titles 5 and 28, United States Code, to require the mainte-nance of databases on, awards of fees and other expenses to prevailing parties in cer-tain administrative proceedings and court cases to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Ms. L
EE, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Ms. N
ORTON ): H.R. 1034. A bill to authorize the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to award grants for municipal solid waste prevention, reuse, and recycling pro-gram development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mrs. M IMI W
ALTERS of California, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illi-nois, and Mr. M
OULTON ): H.R. 1035. A bill to extend the civil statute of limitations for victims of Federal sex of-fenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself, Mr. P
EARCE , and Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia): H.R. 1036. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to promote family unity, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. K
ING of New York, Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. H
ECK, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. M CGOVERN , Miss R ICE of New York, Mr. K
EATING , and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): H.R. 1037. A bill to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its en-virons, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself, Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. J
ONES , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. B
LUM, Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. M
ASSIE , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. F ER-
GUSON , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. D OGGETT , and Mrs. R
OBY): H.R. 1038. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit prescription drug plan sponsors and MA-PD organizations under the Medicare program from retro-actively reducing payment on clean claims submitted by pharmacies; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself and Mr. P
ASCRELL ): H.R. 1039. A bill to amend section 3606 of title 18, United States Code, to grant proba-tion officers authority to arrest hostile third parties who obstruct or impede a probation officer in the performance of official duties; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BURGESS (for himself and Mr. FARENTHOLD ): H.R. 1040. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide taxpayers a flat tax alternative to the current income tax system; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 1041. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to deny the refundable por-tion of the child tax credit to individuals who are not authorized to be employed in the United States and to terminate the use of certifying acceptance agents to facilitate the application process for ITINs; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. H EN-
SARLING , Mr. J ONES , Mr. R ICE of South Carolina, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , and Mr. S
TEWART ): H.R. 1042. A bill to require that the pre-vailing wage utilized for purposes of sub-chapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Davis-Bacon Act), be determined by the Bu-reau of Labor Statistics; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. DEUTCH: H.R. 1043. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to limit the recovery of dam-ages in a civil action related to the disclo-sure of certain personal information from State motor vehicle records, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): H.R. 1044. A bill to amend the Help Amer-ica Vote Act of 2002 to require States to pro-vide for same day registration; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. By Mr. GIBBS (for himself, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. S ES-
SIONS , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. L
ONG, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. B OST, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. T
URNER , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. H
ENSARLING , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. R ICE of South Carolina, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Caro-lina, Mr. D
UNN, Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. B
RAT, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa): H.R. 1045. A bill to protect the right of in-dividuals to bear arms at water resources de-velopment projects administered by the Sec-retary of the Army, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself and Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida): H.R. 1046. A bill to enable concrete ma-sonry products manufacturers to establish, finance, and carry out a coordinated pro-gram of research, education, and promotion to improve, maintain, and develop markets for concrete masonry products; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia (for himself, Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. J
ONES , and Mr. F RANKS of Arizona): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14FE7.000 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1184 February 14, 2017 
H.R. 1047. A bill to require the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives to make video recordings of the examination and testing of firearms and ammunition, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 1048. A bill to direct the President to impose duties on merchandise from the Peo-ple’s Republic of China in an amount equiva-lent to the estimated annual loss of revenue to holders of United States intellectual prop-erty rights as a result of violations of such intellectual property rights in China, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mrs. D
AVIS of California): H.R. 1049. A bill to enhance the database of emergency response capabilities of the De-partment of Defense; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for himself, Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. J UDY C
HUof California, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. E STY, Mr. N
OLAN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. H
ECK, Ms. E
SHOO , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, and Mr. H
ASTINGS ): H.R. 1050. A bill to establish a pilot pro-gram to promote public-private partnerships among apprenticeships or other job training programs, local educational agencies, and community colleges, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. M
CSALLY (for herself, Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. O LSON , Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , Mr. T IBERI , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Ms. S
INEMA , and Mr. W EBSTER of Florida): H.R. 1051. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the increase in the income threshold used in determining the deduction for medical care; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Ms. MENG (for herself and Mr. M
AST): H.R. 1052. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to develop best practices for caring for high-risk military occupation vet-erans as part of the evaluation of mental health care and suicide prevention programs administered by the Secretary; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 1053. A bill to amend chapter 111 of title 28, United States Code, relating to pro-tective orders, sealing of cases, disclosures of discovery information in civil actions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself and Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ): H.R. 1054. A bill to promote botanical re-search and botanical sciences capacity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Agriculture, Armed Services, Transportation and Infrastructure, and House Administration, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 1055. A bill to acknowledge the funda-mental injustice and the subsequent de jure and de facto racial and economic discrimina-tion against those African-Americans im-pacted by the ‘‘War on Drugs’’ and the subse-quent disparate and discriminatory mass in-carceration, to determine the role that pri-vate corporations played in the prison indus-trial complex, to determine the impact of these forces on their families, to make rec-ommendations to the Congress on appro-priate remedies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SCHRADER (for himself, Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. D
EFAZIO): H.R. 1056. A bill to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate segments of the Molalla River in the State of Oregon as components of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. TIBERI (for himself, Mr. N
EAL, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. H UNTER , Miss R ICE of New York, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsyl-vania, and Mr. B
UCHANAN ): H.R. 1057. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that merchandise arriving through the mail shall be subject to review by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and to require the provision of advance elec-tronic information on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Protection and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. WENSTRUP (for himself, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, and Mr. R
UIZ): H.R. 1058. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the role of podiatrists in the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BUDD (for himself and Mr. H
UN-
TER): H.J. Res. 72. A joint resolution relating to the disapproval of the proposed foreign mili-tary sale to the Government of Kenya of Air Tractor aircraft with weapons, and related support; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. WILLIAMS (for himself, Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. M
CHENRY , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. R
OSS, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mrs. W AG-
NER, Mr. B ARR, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. H OLLINGS -
WORTH , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. H EN-
SARLING , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. H ILL, Mr. E
MMER , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. D A-
VIDSON , Mr. B UDD, Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. R OYCE of California, and Mr. G
RAVES of Geor-gia): H.J. Res. 73. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection relating to prepaid accounts under the Electronic Fund Transfer Act and the Truth in Lending Act; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BURGESS: H. Con. Res. 23. Concurrent resolution pro-viding for a joint session of Congress to re-ceive a message from the President; consid-ered and agreed to. By Mr. LANGEVIN: H. Con. Res. 24. Concurrent resolution es-tablishing a Joint Committee on Russian In-terference in the 2016 Election and the Presi-dential Transition; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Mr. COL-
LINS of New York, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. E STY, Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. L ARSEN of Wash-ington, Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mrs. M URPHY  of Florida, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T
ONKO , and Ms. C LARKE of New York): H. Res. 124. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Engineers Week; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Tech-nology, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HARPER (for himself and Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania): H. Res. 125. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on House Administration in the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. HENSARLING (for himself and Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California): H. Res. 126. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Financial Services in the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 1029. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The ability to regulate interstate com-merce and with foreign Nations pursuant to Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. In addition, the Congress has the power to provide for the general Welfare of the United States under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H.R. 1030. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 and requirements out-lined in the National Security Act of 1947. Article I, section 8 gives Congress the power ‘‘to . . . provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ The Necessary and Proper Clause of that section also grants Congress the power ‘‘[t]o make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers and all other Powers vested in this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ Title I, Sec. 101 of the National Security Act of 1947, requires the National Security Council to ‘‘assess and appraise the objectives, commitments, and risks of the United States in relation to our actual and potential military power, in the interest of national security; for the purpose of making recommendations . . .’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14FE7.100 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1185 February 14, 2017 
By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 1031. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. BYRNE: H.R. 1032. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution: The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: H.R. 1033. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution, which states that ‘‘No money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in consequence of Appropriations made by law; and a regular, statement and account of the receipts and expenditures of all public money shall be published from time to time.’’ By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 1034. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States, which states: The Congress shall have the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 1035. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 1036. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by the Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office there-of. By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 1037. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 section 8 Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 1038. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress Under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 1039. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to pro-viding for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States).’’ By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 1040. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The attached bill falls within Congress’ constitutionally enumerated power to enact legislation pertaining to an income tax pur-suant to Article I, Section VIII, ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power to lay and collect Taxes.’’ Moreover, Congress was given the author-ity to tax income at the federal level pursu-ant to Amendment XVI, ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on in-comes, from whatever source derived, with-out apportionment among the several states, and without regard to any census or enu-meration.’’ By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 1041. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 1042. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1—This legisla-tion adjusts the formula the federal govern-ment uses to spend money on federal con-tracts and is authorized by the Constitution under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, which grants Congress its spending power. By Mr. DEUTCH: H.R. 1043. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution and Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 1044. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3 and Clause 18. By Mr. GIBBS: H.R. 1045. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution and the Second Amendment, which states: A well-regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 1046. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Na-tions, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia: H.R. 1047. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution that states that Congress shall have Power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States . . .’’ By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 1048. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress’s Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution. By Mr. LANGEVIN: H.R. 1049. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 16 of section 8 of article 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: 
H.R. 1050. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: As described in Article 1, Section 1 ‘‘all legislative powers herdin granted shall be vested in a Congress.’’ By Ms. M
CSALLY: H.R. 1051. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, ‘‘This Con-gress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common De-fense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States.’’ By Ms. MENG: H.R. 1052. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 1053. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clauses 9 and 18 of section 8 of article I and section 1 of article III of the Constitution. By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 1054. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 1055. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Con-gress shall have power to . . . provide for the . . . general welfare of the United States . . .’’; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers . . .’’ By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 1056. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the authority to act under Article I, §8, clause 3—the Commerce Clause. By Mr. TIBERI: H.R. 1057. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article 1 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 1058. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. BUDD: H.J. Res. 72. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, granting au-thority to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, granting authority to make all laws that are necessary and proper for executing the fore-going powers. By Mr. WILLIAMS: H.J. Res. 73. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:45 May 19, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\FEBRUARY\H14FE7.REC H14FE7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1186 February 14, 2017 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States—To regulate Commerce with foreign Naitons, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 60: Mr. M AST. H.R. 80: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 83: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 99: Mr. K
EATING , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. M
OORE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H.R. 100: Ms. M
OORE . H.R. 104: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 106: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 113: Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. C URBELO of Flor- ida, and Mr. Z
ELDIN . H.R. 159: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ and Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 173: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Ms. E STY, and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 175: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 241: Mr. K
INGof Iowa and Mr. H EN-
SARLING . H.R. 303: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. M EEHAN , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. T
URNER . H.R. 305: Mr. K
HANNA and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 333: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. S
IMPSON , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. V ELA, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. H ECK, Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. K IND, Mrs. D AVIS of Cali- fornia, Mr. W
ITTMAN , Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mr. D
EUTCH . H.R. 350: Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. T
ROTT , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. B
LUM, and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 367: Mr. B
ARRand Mr. F ERGUSON . H.R. 371: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 400: Mr. C
OLE, Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY  of Florida, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. B OST, and Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 426: Mr. C
ALVERT . H.R. 453: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 482: Mr. S
MITH of Texas. H.R. 483: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 519: Mr. L
AMBORN . H.R. 525: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 530: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 547: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 548: Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. M ULLIN , and Mrs. B
LACKBURN . H.R. 559: Mr. H
ENSARLING and Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 564: Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. C RIST, and Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.R. 591: Mr. H
ENSARLING . H.R. 611: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. G AR-
RETT , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. H EN-
SARLING , and Mr. G IBBS. H.R. 628: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 632: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida. H.R. 644: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 662: Mr. G
IBBS. H.R. 664: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 669: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Ms. J
AYAPAL , and Mr. E LLISON . H.R. 676: Mr. R
ASKIN and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 683: Mr. C
APUANO and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 696: Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 720: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 725: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 747: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. L
OEBSACK , and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 754: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS and Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 769: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 770: Mr. L
ONG, Mr. K ATKO , Mrs. W
ALORSKI , and Mr. Z ELDIN . H.R. 771: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 772: Mr. B
ARRand Mr. F ERGUSON . H.R. 781: Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. F LORES , Mr. A
DERHOLT , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. B UDD, Mr. C OLE, Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. K
ING of Iowa, Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , and Mr. L UETKEMEYER . H.R. 786: Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. P OLIS, and Ms. E
STY. H.R. 787: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 790: Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. K HANNA , and Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 801: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 804: Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas, and Ms. K ELLY of Illi- nois. H.R. 807: Mr. W
ITTMAN , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. L
IPINSKI and Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 816: Ms. M
CSALLY , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 819: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 821: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 824: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 833: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida and Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 837: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 850: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 854: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 870: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE . H.R. 872: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 878: Mr. G
RIFFITH , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. H
ENSARLING , and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 881: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 906: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 909: Mr. U
PTON , Mr. L ARSON of Con- necticut, and Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 914: Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. L EE, and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 937: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 938: Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 943: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 947: Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 973: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 980: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 985: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 1001: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 1004: Mr. S
ESSIONS and Mr. M ITCHELL . H.R. 1005: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 1006: Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. S OTO, Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. H.R. 1009: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 1017: Mrs. W
AGNER and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 1022: Mr. S
COTT of Virginia and Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 1026: Mr. K
ATKO and Ms. T ENNEY . H.R. 1027: Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. M OORE , and Ms. M
ATSUI . H.J. Res. 27: Mrs. NOEM, Mr. T URNER , and Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.J. Res. 33: Mr. L
OBIONDO and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.J. Res. 43: Mr. T
IBERI . H.J. Res. 59: Mr. L
ONGand Mr. P EARCE . H.J. Res. 65: Mr. K
ILDEE and Mr. S OTO. H.J. Res. 71: Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. L AMBORN , Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. B
UCK, and Mr. B IGGS. H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. R
EICHERT and Mr. H
ECK. H. Res. 28: Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. C ARSON of In- diana, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. M OORE , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. S COTT of Vir- ginia, Mr. S
CHIFF , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Geor- gia, and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H. Res. 30: Mr. S
IRES, Mr. R UIZ, and Ms. B
ASS. H. Res. 44: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H. Res. 68: Mr. B
OST. H. Res. 90: Mrs. L
OWEY . H. Res. 92: Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. F RANKS of Ari- zona, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. A USTIN  S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. B ARR, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. C
OOK, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. B RAT, Mr. F RANCIS  R
OONEY of Florida, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. S AM J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. O LSON , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. L
OVE, Mrs. R OBY, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. D UNN, Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina, Mr. R OYCE of Cali- fornia, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. B ISHOP  of Utah, Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. S TEWART , Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. B ERA, Mr. C ULBER -
SON, Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. C OLE, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Mr. K ELLY of Mis- sissippi, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. B
ACON , and Mr. H ILL. H. Res. 104: Mr. S
OTO. H. Res. 105: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H. Res. 111: Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. B EYER , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
15. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Council of the City of Salem, VA, rel-ative to Resolution 1308, urging Senate Ma-jority Leader Mitch McConnell, Senator Mark Warner, Senator Tim Kaine, and all United States Senators to reintroduce the Marketplace Fairness Act into the United States Senate during its 2017 session; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 16. Also, a petition of the Board of Super-visors of Roanoke County, VA, relative to Resolution 012417-1, urging Congressional ac-tion on the Marketplace Fairness Act or other legislation to collect and remit sales taxes structured on a system of collection based upon the purchaser’s location; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:40 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.027 H14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1135 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 2017 No. 26 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Accept, O Lord, our thanks and praise for all You have done for us. We thank You for the splendor of creation, for the wonder of life, and for the mys-tery of love. We thank You for work that demands our best efforts and for the satisfaction of a job done well. As our lawmakers strive to please You in working to fulfill Your pur-poses, inspire them with Your Spirit to glorify You in their thoughts, words, and actions. Lord, endue them with courage and loyalty, whether their du-ties are large or small. Give them an eternal perspective on the myriad issues they face. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, over the past several weeks, we have seen unprecedented obstruction from our colleagues across the aisle. This made the confirmation of the Presi-dent’s nominees the slowest in modern history. It has left several key depart-ments without a permanent secretary at the helm for far too long. What is the point of the needless delay? What is the point? Our friends are slow-walking votes, not changing outcomes. We took several important steps last night to move the nominations process forward. We confirmed Steve Mnuchin as Treasury Secretary. After 8 years of failing economic policy, stagnant growth, and a tough job market, it is clear we need a new direction to get our country back on track. We need a new direction on regulations—smarter and pro-growth. We need a new direc-tion on taxes—simpler and pro-jobs. If we are going to accomplish either of those goals, we are going to need new leadership at the helm of the Treasury Department. Secretary Mnuchin has real-world understanding of the private sector, and he is ready to work with both sides to get the economy moving. Second, we confirmed Dr. David Shulkin as Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs. The debt we owe our servicemem-bers and their families extends far be-yond any program or benefit the gov-ernment can provide, but through the VA, we should be doing everything we can to fulfill our commitments to vet-erans and their families, like the more than 300,000 veterans who call Ken-tucky home. Secretary Shulkin will be tasked with overseeing that our vet-erans in Kentucky and across the Na-tion receive quality and timely care. It is a heavy burden, but he seems up to the task. The chairman of the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee, Senator ISAKSON , has a well-deserved reputa-tion for working tirelessly on behalf of our veterans, which makes it notable that his committee voted unanimously to recommend Dr. Shulkin to the Sen-ate and the full Senate confirmed him unanimously too. We haven’t seen much of that lately. I am confident that Secretary Shulkin will work with Congress to build on the progress we have already made in expanding accessibility and improving accountability at the VA. Third, I took the necessary proce-dural steps last night to allow us to confirm the rest of the nominees on the calendar: Representative MICK M
ULVANEY , the nominee for Director of the Office of Management and Budget, who can help get our Nation back on track fiscally; Scott Pruitt, the nomi-nee for Administrator of the Environ-mental Protection Agency, who can bring much needed change after 8 years of heavyhanded, job-killing regula-tions; Wilbur Ross, nominee for Com-merce Secretary, who can help promote job creation and economic growth; Representative R
YAN ZINKE, nominee for Interior Secretary, who can help improve our Nation’s land use and con-servation policies; Dr. Ben Carson, nominee for Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, who can help re-form HUD to better serve the American people; and Governor Rick Perry, nominee for Energy Secretary, who can help guide us toward smarter energy policies to grow our economy and strengthen national security. Beginning with Representative M
ULVANEY , we can get each of these nominees confirmed soon. With co-operation from across the aisle, we can put them to work for the American people even sooner. We will be able to put another impor-tant nominee to work just this morn-ing, one who understands how to help businesses flourish. The last 8 years have been very difficult for our econ-omy, for workers, and for small busi-nesses. I am confident that the Presi-dent’s pick to lead the Small Business Administration, Linda McMahon, will prioritize growing jobs over growing government bureaucracy. In so many States, including mine, that is a wel-come change of pace from Washington. Small businesses help drive America’s economy, and they help drive Ken-tucky’s economy as well. Almost half of all the private sector jobs in Ken-tucky—about 700,000—come from the more than 340,000 small businesses 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:09 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.000 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1136 February 14, 2017 
across the Commonwealth. These small businesses not only grow the economy, but they also serve important roles in our communities. Mrs. McMahon, who has built a com-pany from the ground up, understands the many challenges small businesses can face. She certainly has come a long way from sharing a desk with her hus-band and leasing a typewriter. I com-mend her for her willingness to serve her country, and I look forward to her confirmation later this morning. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The as-sistant Democratic leader. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, the Democratic leader, Senator S
CHUMER , is likely to come to the floor soon, and I will certainly defer to him at a later time, but I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RUSSIA Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, Novem-ber 8, 2016, was not just election day. It was a day that will live in cyber in-famy because it turns out that one of the leading enemies of the United States, the nation of Russia, was di-rectly engaged in the Presidential cam-paign that resulted in the election on November 8. This is not speculation. It is a fact based on conclusions that came from 17 different intelligence agencies that confirmed this reality. This is the first time we can point to where a foreign power has tried to in-fluence the outcome of a Presidential election in the United States. Their goal was clear: to elect Donald Trump, to defeat Hillary Clinton. They hacked into computers. They released informa-tion on a selective basis. They created fake news stories. They used WikiLeaks—everything within their cyber power to influence the outcome of the election. That was the reality. This morning we were awakened to the headline that President Trump’s head of the National Security Council, LTG Michael Flynn, has resigned. That is an incredible blockbuster of a story. And what was the reason for his res-ignation? It turns out that he had a di-rect conversation with the Russian Ambassador to the United States, Mr. Kislyak, and that conversation in-cluded references to sanctions that President Obama was imposing on Rus-sia because of their involvement in our election. What led to his resignation, of course, was that he misled both the Vice President and the President about that conversation. When the facts came out, he was forced to resign. This is not business as usual in Wash-ington. What we are dealing with here is, in fact, a historic event—a powder keg in history—when it comes to the United States and its security. The ob-vious question is, Will this Congress of the United States, this branch of our government, respond? Will we initiate thorough investigations as to the in-volvement of the Russians in that elec-tion campaign and, specifically, any in-volvement with any Presidential cam-paign during that time? Twenty years ago, when I was elected to the Senate, there was an investiga-tion initiated by the Republicans at the suggestion—the suggestion—that the Chinese Government played some role in the Clinton-Gore campaign. The Governmental Affairs Committee of the Senate was entrusted with the re-sponsibility to do a thorough investiga-tion of that allegation, and Fred Thompson, the Senator from Ten-nessee, was the chairman of that com-mittee, with John Glenn as the rank-ing Democrat. The hearings went on for weeks—ul-timately, for months—and then there was a formal report issued. No credible evidence was found of the suggestion, but it was taken that seriously by the Republican-led Congress that the Chi-nese may have been involved in a Democratic Presidential campaign. How seriously is the Republican Con-gress taking the allegations and state-ments from our intelligence agencies that the Russians were involved in this last Presidential campaign? It is time for us to have an inde-pendent, bipartisan commission beyond Congress to look into this and give us solid answers. We need to appoint peo-ple to head this commission of the stature of GEN Colin Powell and San-dra Day O’Connor, who served on the Supreme Court, who are credible peo-ple to lead this effort and this inves-tigation and give America the truth. A week or so ago the New York Times published the results of a recent poll that asked Americans what other nations they considered to be our clos-est allies and worst enemies. The re-sults weren’t surprising. Canada, the UK, and Australia topped the list of our best allies. Of America’s enemies, the top nations were different, but they included North Korea, Iran, and Rus-sia. That makes me wonder why Presi-dent Trump, in the span of a week, managed to insult and hang up on the telephone call with the Prime Minister of Australia and then go on national news to once again defend Russian dic-tator Vladimir Putin, in light of what I just said earlier. Just a few days later, it is revealed that his National Security Advisor, General Flynn, the one who was fired by the previous ad-ministration and led chants unworthy of a great democracy about locking up a political opponent, was, in fact, speaking to a Russian official as a pri-vate citizen before President Trump took office. Monday, we learned that former Act-ing Attorney General Sally Yates, whom President Trump abruptly fired, had warned the White House that Gen-eral Flynn had misled senior adminis-tration officials about his communica-tions with the Russian Ambassador and warned he was potentially vulnerable to Russian blackmail. Understand what I have just said. The man who was picked by President Trump as his top National Security Advisor misled the President and the Vice President about a telephone conversation with the Rus-sian Ambassador and, in the opinion of our top law enforcement officials, left himself vulnerable to Russian black-mail. In the last days of the Obama admin-istration, then Director of National In-telligence James Clapper and CIA Di-rector John Brennan reportedly shared Yates’ concerns and concurred with the recommendation to inform the Trump White House. Now that General Flynn has resigned, leaving an already cha-otic National Security Council in even greater disarray, perhaps this isn’t all that surprising anymore, but it cer-tainly should be. This President has a troubling habit of lashing out at everyone and anyone involved in a perceived slight—dan-gerous and unbecoming behavior when granted the privilege to become Presi-dent of this great Nation. In fact, the number and range of those attacked or insulted by Twitter is so significant I wouldn’t even start to list them, but it is important to note the list includes Republicans, Democrats, labor leaders, businesses, retired generals, and others in almost every conceivable category. Actually, one looks at the list and you quickly realize the only unifying factor is not about putting America first or America’s image but instead about pro-tecting a deeply fragile ego. Listen to this excerpt from a vast list of those who have been attacked by President Trump: President George Bush, President George W. Bush, Speaker P
AULRYAN, Florida Gov. Rick Scott, Federal judges, former Governor of New Hampshire John Sununu, the Republican establishment, NATO, Major League Baseball, Macy’s Depart-ment Store, European leaders, Britain, Germany, New Jersey, the American delegate system, the ‘‘Today’’ show, ‘‘Saturday Night Live,’’ ‘‘The View,’’ Chief Justice John Roberts, Colin Pow-ell, President of United Steelworkers Local 1999, ABC News, NBC News, FOX News, and seemingly every other media outlet. Now that we are in the category of those who have been attacked, we can’t leave Nordstrom off the list. The Presi-dent even insulted the former Governor of South Carolina, then chose her to be U.N. Ambassador. In fact, there are hundreds upon hundreds on this list—a list that in a foreboding, Nixonian way keeps on growing. So if you make any criticism or joke about President Trump, make any per-ceived slight, run a department store that doesn’t carry his daughter’s prod-ucts, lead a labor union, or do just about anything, be prepared for an at-tack by a Trump tweet—except if you happen to be the former Communist KGB official who now leads the one na-tion that actually recently attacked our Nation. That would be Vladimir Putin. How is it possible? Russian President Putin launched a cyber attack of war on the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:09 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.001 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1137 February 14, 2017 
States. He interfered in our election and tried to affect the outcome and pick the winner. The evidence is over-whelming. It has been available in in-creasing amounts over the last several months. Yet we have a President who not only denies the Russian attack but has a strange infatuation with Presi-dent Putin—but is also suggesting poli-cies that dangerously puppet those of Putin. It is now revealed that Trump’s Na-tional Security Advisor, LTG Michael Flynn, lied about discussing sanctions with the Russian Ambassador imme-diately after the Obama administration announced new sanctions for the at-tack on our election. Not only had General Flynn and the White House suddenly remembered the facts dif-ferently, but more dangerously, did Flynn’s conversation undercut U.S. sanctions, especially after Russia’s as-sault on our election? And who in-structed General Flynn to have these suspiciously timed conversations with the Russian Ambassador? It is deeply troubling to imagine what might have been insinuated in those talks, but given the blinders this President has shown in ignoring Presi-dent Putin so far, I worry about a sug-gested or hinted trading for U.S. sanc-tions on Russia for little in return. Quite simply, you don’t make Amer-ica great by selling out to a former Communist KGB official. You only ne-gotiate with such a dictator from a po-sition of strength, not denial or na-ivete. So what has been the response to the cyber attack of war on America, Flynn’s dalliance with the Russians, and the dangerous disarray at the Trump National Security Council from the party of Ronald Reagan, who knew the Communist mind pretty well? Near silence. The party of Ronald Reagan has spoken zero times about the Rus-sian attack or Flynn’s actions on the floor of the Senate since early October. I waited this morning for the Senate Republican leader to raise the obvious front-page story across America about the resignation of President Trump’s National Security Advisor, and not a word was mentioned. Compare this to the 36 times the Re-publicans have come to the floor to talk about stripping health care away from millions of Americans in the last several weeks. Even President Trump’s new Attorney General, who brazenly changed his tune on Russia once hav-ing joined the Trump campaign, said he had not yet read intelligence reports on the Russian attack—a position even more stunning in light of the recent re-ports of Sally Yates’ warnings. Yet, in-credibly, his colleagues were ready to confirm him for the highest law en-forcement position in the land. I see the Democratic leader here, and I want to yield the floor to him, but I will close with this. Are we going to have a fulsome, honest, independent in-vestigation of the Russian involvement in this election campaign? We know it happened. Seventeen of our intel-ligence agencies confirm it. We also know that an investigation is underway by the Federal Bureau of Investigation about this campaign and the involvement of the Russians, and we know as well now that because of the conversations of our National Se-curity Advisor with the Russian Am-bassador, he was forced to resign in the first 4 weeks of this administration. This calls out for a thorough inves-tigation. The Republican Party in Con-gress, which spent hours and days and weeks and months in investigations in-volving Hillary Clinton, should at least acknowledge the gravity of this matter and bring this to a full investigation— an open and public one that can be trusted, an independent investigation— that stands up for our basic democracy and does not allow the invasion of the Russians or any other country into our democratic process. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I thank the Democratic whip for his re-marks, and I will have much more to say on the circumstances surrounding General Flynn’s resignation as Na-tional Security Advisor later today. This morning, I rise to speak about the nominee on the floor, Representa-tive M
ULVANEY , to be the Director of OMB. Each nominee who comes before this body seems to be another indication of a Cabinet whose ideology is so far re-moved from the American mainstream and whose ethical conduct is more questionable than any other in our Na-tion’s history. Representative M
ULVANEY is a walking demonstration of both shortcomings in this Cabinet. First, on his views, which are way out of touch with most Americans, with average Americans. Representa-tive M
ULVANEY has been a consistent ideological warrior against crucial safety net programs like Social Secu-rity and Medicare. He said it plain as day: ‘‘We have to end Medicare as we know it. . . . Medicare as it exists today is finished.’’ That is from his mouth, and Presi-dent Trump appoints this man head of OMB, one of the most powerful agen-cies in the government. Not only has Mr. M
ULVANEY advocated for cutting benefits, he wants to jack up the re-tirement age for Medicare to 67, and for Social Security he wants to raise it to 70. After the confirmation of Represent-ative Price to lead HHS last week, the confirmation of Representative M
ULVANEY will be the launch of week 2 of the Republican war on seniors. Let’s be clear. These are fringe posi-tions, way out of touch with how most Americans feel about these programs, and it just proves that when our Re-publican colleagues go back home to campaign, not one of them says: Raise the age to 70. I don’t see Republican ads saying that. They say they are going to protect Medicare. Well, where are they now? You can’t go home and campaign one way and then vote for MULVANEY , who wants to do the oppo-site and hurt our seniors—a war on sen-iors. Literally, tens of millions of Ameri-cans rely on these programs and don’t want to see their benefits cut. Millions more are on the cusp of retirement and know it is deeply unfair to move the goalpost on qualifying for these pro-grams—changing the rules in the mid-dle of the game—to hurt those who have spent their whole lives working and are now looking forward to receiv-ing Social Security and Medicare. That is not what most Americans voted for, whether they pulled the lever for Sec-retary Clinton or Mr. Trump. Candidate Trump promised that he was ‘‘not going to cut Social Security like every other Republican and I’m not going to cut Medicare or Med-icaid,’’ but then he turns around and nominates a man to OMB who has re-lentlessly argued the opposite. He nominates a Secretary of Health and Human Services who has also argued that, with all of our Republican col-leagues voting for him—none of us. So if people think Donald Trump is going to be a defender—I saw the AARP ads— I would like those ads to mention the nominations of M
ULVANEY and Price. If people think Donald Trump is going to be a defender of Social Security and Medicare, these nominees seem to indi-cate a far different approach. Candidate Trump didn’t run as a far- right conservative. He ran as a populist against both establishments, but both Representative M
ULVANEY and Rep-resentative Price were plucked out of the very conservative wing of a very conservative House caucus and will be placed in charge of the budget and every American’s healthcare—where they can effectively wage the war on seniors they have been plotting throughout their careers. Unfortunately, both the OMB Direc-tor and the Secretary of HHS have hundreds of ways that don’t go through the Congress of undercutting Medicare and Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid in particular. They can un-dercut them in a whole variety of dif-ferent ways. Given their ideology and given their careers, that is just what they will do. So the nominations of these two men are exhibits A and B that President Trump plans to run his administration from the hard right, rather than follow through on his populist rhetoric that defined his campaign, and frankly is what elected him. If he had run on the campaign views of these two nominees, he might have gotten 100 electoral votes. He might have gotten 100 elec-toral votes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.003 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1138 February 14, 2017 
Second, on ethics. Again, this Cabi-net is not only challenged on their views so far away from what the aver-age American believes, but it is the most unethical Cabinet I have ever seen nominated, at least in my life-time. Representative M
ULVANEY is unfortu-nately an example of a Cabinet mem-ber that is too far compromised by po-tential conflicts of interest and other ethics challenges. It has been disclosed that Representative M
ULVANEY ne-glected to pay $15,000 in taxes on a household employee. A similar revela-tion sunk the nomination of a former Member and leader of this body, Sen-ator Tom Daschle. Senator Daschle was relentlessly attacked by the Re-publican side on this issue. He with-drew his nomination. Representative M
ULVANEY hasn’t withdrawn his nomi-nation, and we haven’t heard a peep out of the Republican side on the same—very similar—transgression that was disqualifying, at least to our Re-publicans, for Senator Daschle, nor has the nominee for Secretary of Labor withdrawn his nomination. He has a similar situation. The fact that the Republican major-ity is proceeding on both of their nomi-nations is a dangerous abandonment of public ethics. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Linda E. McMa-hon, of Connecticut, to be Adminis-trator of the Small Business Adminis-tration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 11 a.m. will be equally divided in the usual form. The minority whip. 
NICS 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, later today we are going to consider an ef-fort under the Congressional Review Act to change America’s background check system when it comes to the purchase of firearms. For months, I have been listening to President Trump and the Republicans talk about gun violence in the city of Chicago. It is a heartbreaking reality. More than 4,300 people were shot in Chicago last year and over 400 so far this year. It is not just Chicago. The American Medical Association has de-clared that gun violence is a public health crisis in our Nation. So what is Congress doing to save lives in Chicago and across the Nation from gun violence? What is the Senate doing to protect people from being shot? Nothing. Instead, the Republican Congress is trying to weaken one of the gun laws on the books—the NICS Improvement Amendments Act. This is the law passed unanimously by Congress after the Virginia Tech massacre and signed into law in 2008 by President George W. Bush. This law says that every Federal agency needs to let the FBI NICS back-ground check system know when the agency has information about people who fall within the legal prohibitions on gun possession. Everyone agreed we needed to get these records into the NICS system, especially records about those who are seriously mentally un-stable, such as the Virginia Tech shooter. That man had a history of mental illness, but he was able to buy guns and kill 32 people because his records were not in the background check system known as NICS. There is a longstanding Federal pro-hibition on gun possession by those who are suffering from mental illness. This prohibition is so well established that the late Justice Antonin Scalia cited it in the Supreme Court’s Heller decision as an example of a restriction that is presumptively lawful and con-sistent with the Second Amendment. There have been tragic cases where people with serious mental illnesses have used guns to cause great harm. The Newtown, CT, shooter showed signs of severe mental health problems that went untreated before he killed 20 students and 6 educators at Sandy Hook Elementary School. The Tucson, AZ, shooter, who shot Congresswoman Gabby Giffords and killed six others, was diagnosed after the shooting with schizophrenia. And it was 9 years ago today when a gunman who had been di-agnosed and treated for mental illness killed 5 people and injured 17 in a class-room building at Northern Illinois Uni-versity in DeKalb. About two-thirds of shooting deaths each year are suicides. Last year, there were more than 21,000 suicides by gun. The National Alliance on Mental Ill-ness reports that ‘‘about 90% of indi-viduals who die by suicide experience mental illness.’’ Mental illness is a challenging issue for our society. I have worked to ex-pand treatment and coverage for men-tal illness, including through the Af-fordable Care Act, one of the most im-portant single laws we have ever passed to address mental illness. I wish those who are trying to repeal this common-sense gun safety regulation would drop that effort and join us in stopping this repeal of the Affordable Care Act. We need more and better services for peo-ple with mental illness. The reality is that the gun laws on the books are narrowly drawn when it comes to mental illness and so is the rule we are being asked to repeal today. Current Federal law says that a person who has been ‘‘adjudicated as a mental defective’’ is prohibited from gun possession. The phrase ‘‘adju-dicated as a mental defective’’ is de-fined in the law as a determination by ‘‘a court, board, commission, or other lawful authority that a person, as a re-sult of marked subnormal intelligence, or mental illness, incompetency, condi-tion, or disease: (1) is a danger to him-self or others; or (2) lacks the mental capacity to contract or manage his own affairs.’’ The 2008 NICS Improvement law, signed into law by President George W. Bush, directed Federal agencies to send their relevant records to the NICS sys-tem. Last year, the Social Security Ad-ministration issued a rule to imple-ment this law after concluding that certain determinations by the Social Security Administration qualify as an adjudication of mental defectiveness. Let me explain what the SSA rule says. Under this rule, starting in De-cember of this year, the Social Secu-rity Administration will begin sending to NICS—the body which gathers infor-mation and records for background checks before the possession of fire-arms—the name, date of birth, and So-cial Security number of people who meet each of the five threshold cri-teria. The person must be between the ages of 18 and 65, have filed a claim with SSA for benefits based on dis-ability, have been diagnosed with a se-rious, long-term mental disorder, have been determined by SSA to be disabled and unable to perform substantial work because of the mental disorder, and have been subject to determination by the Social Security Administration that the mental disorder is so serious that the person needs to have a rep-resentative appointed to manage the person’s benefits. This is not a situation where the So-cial Security Administration would no-tify NICS just because a person can’t balance his checkbook. There must be a seriously debilitating, medically di-agnosed mental illness involved. The rule is prospective only. Current Social Security disability beneficiaries are not subject to it. The rule is pre-dicted to cover about 75,000 Americans, once it takes effect, out of the esti-mated 10 million suffering from a seri-ous mental illness. I might add here for the record, I do not suggest that every person who has any form of mental illness is a danger. In fact, exactly the opposite is true. But we do know that those who suffer from serious mental conditions many times are engaged in violent conduct and many times with horrible results when they have firearms. The rule we are being asked to repeal on the floor of the Senate provides for advance notice of the Social Security Administration determination and the right to appeal through an administra-tive process and in court. A person can 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:09 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.004 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1139 February 14, 2017 
obtain relief from the firearms prohibi-tion by having healthcare providers and character witnesses submit state-ments that the person is not a danger to himself or others. Every politician claims they want to keep deadly firearms out of the hands of those who are seriously mentally un-stable. A statement made by a Repub-lican Senator from Texas, Senator C
OR-
NYN, the senior Senator from Texas and my counterpart on the Republican side; he said in March 2013: 
If there was a common thread in the Vir-ginia Tech, Tucson, Aurora, and Newtown massacres, it was the mental illness of the shooter. . . . We should refocus our effort to make sure the current background check system works to screen out the dangerously mentally-ill. 
Reasonable people can disagree over whether the SSA’s rule gets it exactly right. There are mental health groups that have concerns about it, and I re-spect that. But using the Congressional Review Act is a blunt tool. Instead of fixing the rule, the Congressional Re-view Act would repeal the rule and— listen to this—permanently bar the So-cial Security Administration from adopting any substantially similar rule. So it likely would bar the Social Security Administration from ever im-plementing a rule to submit mental health records to NICS in the future. If there are problems with this rule, they can be addressed by fixing it. But the Republican response is always re-peal first. This time, they want to re-peal a rule that doesn’t start until De-cember and its repeal would preclude the Social Security Administration from even fixing or positively changing it. We also had disputes over the process the Department of Veterans Affairs used to submit names of people with mental illness to the same NICS back-ground check system. Last December, we fixed it on a bipartisan basis. We passed language in the 21st Century Cures Act to ensure that a person can have his own doctor and lawyer in-volved in the process. If the Social Se-curity Administration rule needs fix-ing, we can fix it too. But this Congres-sional Review Act is a sledgehammer, not a tool to fix it. We are being asked to vote today to ban an agency permanently from com-plying with the NICS law that we en-acted in 2008. We are being asked to un-dermine the gun laws that are on the books. I urge my colleagues to listen to the opposition of this resolution of dis-approval. Read the letter from the U.S. Conference of Mayors, who say that the Social Security Administration rule ‘‘is critically important to the fabric of our nation’s background check sys-tem.’’ Read the editorials in news-papers across the country that oppose repealing this rule. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that the editorial from the Chi-cago Tribune be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: [From the Chicago Tribune, Feb. 10, 2017] E
DITORIAL : GUNS AND MENTAL ILLNESS : DON’T S
CRAP THISRULE (By Editorial Board) If someone has a mental illness severe enough that he cannot work or manage his own money, should he be allowed to own a gun? In the waning weeks of his presidency, Barack Obama answered that question. Moti-vated by Adam Lanza’s bloody rampage at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., that killed 20 children and six educators in 2012, Obama imposed a rule that barred gun ownership for people who qualify for Social Security disability insurance because their mental illness keeps them from working, and who cannot manage their benefits. That pool is small—just 75,000 Americans. The GOP-led U.S. House just voted to scrap that rule. Bad move. The Senate now decides whether to back that bad move. If it does, President Trump would decide whether to go along or disagree. Republican lawmakers hang their case on the argument that the rule stigmatizes peo-ple with disabilities as dangerous. ‘‘There are people who need help and seek help, but that is not a criteria for taking away one’s constitutional right’’ to own a gun, Texas Rep. Pete Sessions said. Sessions implicitly exaggerates the impact of the rule. As gun control measures go, the scope of this one is narrow. Its goal is to keep guns out of the hands of people on record as having a disabling mental disorder. The standard for taking that gun away is steep—they have to be on Social Security be-cause their psychiatric disorder keeps them from working, and they cannot manage their own affairs. Both conditions must be met. Even if the rule keeps someone from owning a gun, that person can pursue an appeal. America has seen what can happen when someone with severe psychiatric issues has access to firearms. Their names and crimes live in infamy: In 2007, Seung Hui Cho shot to death 32 people at Virginia Tech University before killing himself. Two years earlier, a judge had deemed Cho an ‘‘imminent danger’’ be-cause of mental illness and ordered him to seek treatment. But because he was never committed, that assessment never got re-corded in the federal database of people in-eligible to buy guns. Cho passed the back-ground check and bought the guns he would wield at Virginia Tech. In 2011, Jared Loughner shot U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords in the head and murdered six other people in Tucson, Ark. In 2012, James Holmes strode into a packed movie theater in Aurora, Colo., and opened fire, killing 12 people. And there’s Lanza, who went through months of hysterical crying, stretches of lethargy and self-imposed isolation from his family before unleashing terror at Sandy Hook Elementary School. ‘‘I didn’t under-stand that Adam was drifting away,’’ his fa-ther, Peter Lanza, told The New Yorker in 2014. These crimes showcase the dangers in al-lowing severely troubled individuals to buy firearms. The rule the House voted to scrap doesn’t cast so wide a net that it applies to anyone seeking psychiatric treatment. It’s specific in scope, and anchored by a com-mon-sense premise that many House Repub-licans ignored: If a person’s psychiatric dis-order is disabling enough that the individual cannot work or deal with money-managing, bright red flags are being raised about his or her capacity for sound judgment. To us, that’s a logical, well-grounded rea-son why he or she shouldn’t own a gun. 
Mr. DURBIN. We can also read edi-torials in the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, the Charlotte Observer, the New York Times, and more. Now listen specifically to the pleas of gunshot victims and their family mem-bers. Listen to Patrick Korellis, of Chi-cago, whom I have met. He was shot in a classroom 9 years ago at Northern Il-linois University by a man who had a serious mental illness. He wrote to me and he said: I was shot in my classroom by someone who was mentally ill, and was able to obtain guns and a lot of ammunition because the background checks weren’t strong enough. Rolling back some of these background checks doesn’t make any sense, and will allow more people to get through the loop-holes. 
Now listen to Janet Delana of Wel-lington, MO. She wrote to Congress: 
My daughter Colby, a diagnosed paranoid schizophrenic who lived at home with her fa-ther and I, received monthly Social Security disability payments for her mental illness. In 2012 she used the money from her dis-ability check to buy a gun at a local gun dealer. Because she was ill and suicidal, I had contacted the gun dealer and begged him not to sell her a gun. However, my pleas were ignored and the dealer sold her a gun anyway because Colby passed the back-ground check. An hour later, she shot her fa-ther to death and tried once again to take her own life. She is now in an institution for life, and my husband is gone. 
Janet said: 
This SSA Rule is vital. I am very con-cerned this resolution would preclude SSA and possibly even other agencies from enact-ing any future regulations on this or related matters. 
We have a public health crisis when it comes to gun violence—in Chicago and in communities across the Nation. We have a responsibility to do what we can on the Federal level to reduce the violence and protect our citizens from getting shot. Voting for this resolution of disapproval today would be a step backward. It would weaken the gun laws on the books and make it easier for severely mentally ill people to get guns. On this, the ninth anniversary of the shooting at Northern Illinois Uni-versity in DeKalb, it is unthinkable that we are going to try to revoke a rule that would keep guns out of the hands of those who should have no business owning them. Let me conclude with a statement from Bloomberg business magazine, published in an edition several weeks ago: 
Advocates for the mentally ill caution that mental illness shouldn’t be equated with a penchant for violence. They’re right. But America’s tragic experience with mentally ill gunmen—from shootings at Virginia Tech in 2007 to Newtown, Connecticut, in 2012— shows the folly of simply dismissing the dan-ger. In recent years Republicans have prioritized instant gratification for anyone who desires to buy a gun. Last year the Na-tional Rifle Association spent $50 million on the campaigns of Donald Trump and six Re-publican senators. NRA leader Wayne LaPierre, who met with Trump this week, wants payback. The Obama rule established a process for identifying only Social Security bene-ficiaries who would be prohibited from pos-sessing guns under existing law. It required 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:09 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.005 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1140 February 14, 2017 
that beneficiaries be notified of the prohibi-tion, and it provided means to appeal the de-termination before an administrative law judge or a federal court. Such provisions would safeguard individual rights. But they offend the fundamental principle that drives the NRA, and thus Re-publican, gun politics: Anyone should be able to get a gun at any time for any reason and bring that weapon, loaded, anywhere. 
Common sense dictates that we be careful to keep guns out of the hands of those who would misuse them. I sin-cerely hope that gun owners across my State and across the Nation—and I re-spect them and their constitutional right—will understand that reasonable limitations on the possession and own-ership of firearms is in the best inter-est of protecting their Second Amend-ment rights as well. I yield the floor. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I would like to express my support for the nom-ination of Linda McMahon to the posi-tion of Administrator of the U.S. Small Business Administration. Linda McMahon is an interesting candidate for this position. As the co-founder and former CEO of the WWE, she built a small regional business into an entertainment behemoth. Along the way she struggled to meet payroll, market the business, learn State and Federal regulatory regimes, manage a traveling workforce, learn new media platforms, and navigate new revenue streams. Each of these accomplishments is im-pressive. But what makes Linda McMa-hon unique for this role is the fact that, on her path to success, she made serious enough mistakes that she was forced to declare personal bankruptcy and apply for government assistance. I think having an Administrator who has started her own small business and met and overcame significant chal-lenges along her way is of tremendous value. Having been in the trenches her-self, she will really be able to evaluate the efficacy of current small business programs, and she may very well be able to suggest substantive improve-ments or even new directions. I was also particularly impressed with Mrs. McMahon’s performance dur-ing her confirmation hearing. When she knew the answer to a question posed by a Senator, she answered it. When she didn’t know the answer, she said so. She appeared to have an open mind about issues and struck me as sincerely interested in working on all issues with all of the Senators, regardless of polit-ical or geographical affiliations. Linda McMahon has expressed her in-terest in helping small businesses thrive. She understands how difficult it can be for entrepreneurs to access cap-ital. She knows that small businesses have a hard time competing for Fed-eral contracts. She knows that small business owners sometimes need advice and guidance—and she believes in the value of training and support pro-grams. I support Linda McMahon’s nomina-tion because, not only is she interested in having the job of Administrator, she appears to have genuine interest in doing the job. She clearly enjoys using her business skills and experience to mentor entrepreneurs, and I believe that she will apply her tenacity to pro-tecting and hopefully improving Fed-eral support systems for America’s en-trepreneurs. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, Congress created the Small Business Administration in 1953 to ‘‘aid, counsel, assist and protect, insofar as is pos-sible, the interests of small business concerns.’’ The SBA now provides fi-nancial assistance, help with Federal contract procurement, and manage-ment assistance. The agency makes specialized outreach to women, minori-ties, and veterans. SBA also provides loans to victims of natural disasters and specialized advice and assistance in international trade. The President has nominated Linda McMahon to run the SBA. Mrs. McMa-hon and her husband founded Titan Sports in 1980. The business grew dra-matically under their leadership. Mrs. McMahon became president in 1993 and CEO of the company in 1997. The com-pany became World Wrestling Enter-tainment and then simply WWE. Unfortunately, the McMahons appear to have grown their business at least in part using business practices that dis-advantaged their employees. The Con-necticut Post and the Hartford Courant reported that WWE did not offer its wrestlers health insurance, as McMa-hon argued the company’s wrestlers were independent contractors. And the Connecticut Post reported that Con-necticut audited McMahon’s company to determine if WWE improperly classi-fied employees as independent contrac-tors. An investigation led by Representa-tive Henry Waxman found that McMahon’s WWE did not do enough to prevent steroid use. Representative Waxman’s committee found that, at one point, 40 percent of WWE’s wres-tlers tested positive for steroids and other drugs, even after being warned in advance that they were going to be tested. A WWE ‘‘house doctor’’ was re-portedly convicted and sentenced to prison for steroid trafficking. And the New York Daily News reported that an Albany district attorney probe into a widespread Internet doping scandal in-volved several WWE wrestlers. And more than 50 former professional wrestlers sued McMahon’s WWE, charg-ing that the company was responsible for repeated head trauma that they suffered, often involving specific moves scripted and choreographed by WWE. The SBA needs strong leadership to advance the interests of our Nation’s hard-working small businesses, but it does not need a leader who will ad-vance profits at workers’ expense. Mrs. McMahon’s business experience leads me to be concerned that she will not put people over profits, and thus, I must oppose the nomination. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak on the Re-publican time for up to 10 minutes, with 5 minutes reserved for Senator RISCH, on the nomination of Linda McMahon to serve as Administrator of the Small Business Administration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. SHAHEEN. Mr. President, today, in just a few minutes, the Sen-ate will be voting on the nomination of Linda McMahon to serve as Adminis-trator of, I believe, one of the very im-portant agencies within the Federal Government that sometimes doesn’t get the recognition it deserves; that is, the Small Business Administration. Before I begin my remarks, I wish to take a minute to acknowledge the good work of two previous SBA Administra-tors, Karen Mills and Maria Contreras- Sweet. Both served in this very impor-tant role during the Obama adminis-tration and, particularly during the fi-nancial crisis, really served as a life-line for so many of our small busi-nesses. So I thank these two leaders for their tireless work. When I was first elected to the Sen-ate in 2008, one of the reasons I joined the Small Business Committee was its reputation as a place where you could work across the aisle to get things done in a bipartisan way because sup-porting small businesses is not a Re-publican or a Democratic issue; it is an American issue. That dynamic was on display at Mrs. McMahon’s confirmation hearing, where not one but two of her former ri-vals introduced her. Senators B
LUMENTHAL and M URPHY , both of whom ran very spirited campaigns against Ms. McMahon—and both of whom defeated her—actually testified to her passion for small business and her qualifications for this new respon-sibility. After the hearing, the Small Business Committee favorably reported her nomination to the Senate by a vote of 18 to 1. I thank my colleague Chair-man R
ISCH for working with me during this process and ensuring that the nomination was thoroughly vetted. While I have opposed a number of President Trump’s nominees, I want to take a few minutes to explain why I will support Linda McMahon for this important position. My home State of New Hampshire is a small business State. More than 96 percent of our employers are consid-ered small businesses, according to the SBA’s Office of Advocacy. But small businesses aren’t just im-portant in New Hampshire. They are really the engine that drives our na-tional economy. Small businesses cre-ate two out of every three new jobs in the United States. They are also lead-ers when it comes to innovation, pro-ducing 14 times more patents than large businesses. Unfortunately, like so many of our larger businesses, many of our small businesses still have not fully recov-ered from the great recession. For our 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:09 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.006 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1141 February 14, 2017 
economy to continue to improve, we need to level the playing field for small businesses and unleash their potential. That is why the SBA and its programs are so critical. Last year alone, the SBA backed more than 70,000 loans to small businesses, supporting $29 billion in lending and nearly 700,000 jobs. The SBA also helped small businesses win more than $90 billion in Federal con-tracts, provided counseling to more than 1 million entrepreneurs, and helped many small businesses reach foreign markets. I was in the New Hampshire State Senate in the early nineties when we experienced a recession that closed five of the State’s seven largest banks and put so many of our small businesses into bankruptcy. The one Federal agency that helped keep our small businesses going in New Hampshire during those very dark years was the SBA. I have seen very directly what a difference SBA makes to businesses in New Hampshire and across this coun-try. As part of the confirmation process, I was able to work with my colleagues on the Small Business Committee to look into Mrs. McMahon’s background as a successful entrepreneur, as well as her vision for the SBA. I was pleased to learn that Mrs. McMahon shares my vi-sion for a strong SBA that will support America’s entrepreneurs. I was particu-larly pleased to learn, unlike some pre-vious reports, that she opposes efforts to merge the SBA into another agency, so she does not believe it should be part of the Department of Commerce. Maintaining the SBA’s independence and keeping the Administrator of the SBA as a Cabinet-level position is es-sential to ensuring that the voices of small businesses are heard in Wash-ington. We also need to make sure the SBA programs are valued in this adminis-tration. We have seen what can happen when SBA does not receive the respect it deserves from the White House. The George W. Bush administration cut the SBA’s budget dramatically, by 32 per-cent—more than any other agency dur-ing those years. We can’t afford to re-peat that mistake. Entrepreneurs across this country, from rural commu-nities to inner cities, rely on the SBA and its programs. I could cite countless success stories, but let me just note one example I re-cently heard in New Hampshire from Julie Lapham, who is founder and chief sales officer of a startup in Dover, NH, called Popzup. Popzup is a family-owned business that provides a new popcorn product for health-conscious consumers. Julie’s inspiration for her business was her mother, who is diabetic and had start-ed to eat popcorn every day because of the food’s low glycemic index. Julie wanted to give her mother more op-tions than the microwave popcorn you see in the grocery store, so she created a convenient product that doesn’t use chemicals, plastic, or silicone. Her company’s popcorn is environmentally friendly and sourced from American farms that don’t use GMO products. As a startup, Julie faces a lot of chal-lenges: getting funding to expand her business, keeping the books, figuring out how to market her products. Large companies have the resources to figure these things out, but Julie needs a level playing field to compete, and that is where the SBA and its resource part-ners come in. Julie wrote: 
We often feel vulnerable because we are self-funded and need to master all aspects of running our business; marketing, manufac-ture, selling, and accounting. 
Julie has been working with advisers at the New Hampshire Small Business Development Center, SBDC. They oper-ate in every State, and they are re-source partners who provided coun-seling to Julie and also provide coun-seling to small businesses like Julie’s across the country. 
I don’t think there is a week that goes by when we are not stopping by each other’s of-fices, emailing, and talking on the phone. I can honestly state that we would not have a chance at success without their ongoing sup-port and encouragement. 
I am sure my colleagues in the Sen-ate are aware of similar SBA success stories in their own States. We all know this agency plays a vital role in our economy, but there is more that can be done. For our economy to thrive, we need to focus on ways to fur-ther strengthen the SBA so that it can increase opportunities for entre-preneurs to start new ventures and help existing small businesses grow. That is especially important in largely rural States like New Hampshire where it can be harder to get a loan or coun-seling. Entrepreneurs like Julie need a strong Administrator who understands the value of programs like the Small Business Development Centers. They need someone who will be their voice in Washington and bring out the best in the SBA. During the confirmation process, Mrs. McMahon pledged that she shares this view and wants to strengthen the role SBA plays in as-sisting our Nation’s small businesses. In fact, she said she was passionate about small business. For these reasons, I intend to support her confirmation today. I look forward to continuing to work with Chairman R
ISCH as we support SBA in the coming years. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Idaho. Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, first of all, let me say thank you to my friend and colleague, the ranking member of the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. We have worked to-gether successfully on several projects, and I have no doubt that we will con-tinue to work together to benefit small businesses and entrepreneurship here in America. I rise today to support the nomina-tion by President Trump of Linda McMahon to head the Small Business Administration. Linda McMahon has strong bipartisan support, which is rare here in Washington, DC, these days. At the confirmation hearing, Mrs. McMahon was introduced by, en-dorsed by, and spoken well of by her two Connecticut Senators, Senator BLUMENTHAL and Senator M URPHY . Perhaps for the first time in history, we had a member of the opposite party supported by the two Senators from that State, from the other party. But most importantly, she had run against both of those people, so they had been adversaries previously, but they ap-peared before the committee to enthu-siastically endorse her as the head of the SBA and as President Trump’s ap-pointee. Senator B
LUMENTHAL said: ‘‘She is an excellent fit for this agency based on her experience and her expertise as a business leader. Senator M
URPHY stated: ‘‘I will never question whether she has the experi-ence and the determination necessary to lead this great agency.’’ These are strong endorsements by people of the other party for a person who has been nominated by President Trump. This is an important agency. It is not a particularly large agency, but it cer-tainly services one of the, if not the most important sector of our economy. It is important to note that these two colleagues of ours came and sup-ported Mrs. McMahon before the com-mittee. Those people who have been watching what is going on in this city since the election, particularly in regard to the appointment by President Trump of his Cabinet, as he has attempted to fill his Cabinet and seen the obstructionism that has taken place as he tries to fill that Cabinet, know that this city has become a caldron of anger, bitterness, and acrimony since the States came to-gether and selected Donald Trump to be the President of these United States. So it is good for a bipartisan ef-fort on one of these Cabinet members, and Linda McMahon is that person. Linda McMahon is not a bureaucrat. She is about as far from that as you possibly can get. In 1982 she and her husband took over a small business and turned it into a family business and have operated it since 1982. Of par-ticular importance was her description of how she and her husband got there and their struggles as they started with a small business that actually failed. I think her description of that and her feelings about that and how she and her family struggled with that built the character they needed to start the business they did in 1982. They took that business from 1982 from a small company, very few employees and family only, to what is now a pub-licly traded company with a global brand. Mrs. McMahon has the experience in the small business world, from her struggles at the beginning and her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:09 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.008 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1142 February 14, 2017 
great success as she worked through making this business succeed, to actu-ally understand what small businesses go through. In meeting with her and discussing with her the importance of what we do on the Small Business Committee, I can tell you that she shares the passion that I have about what we can do with the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship and, indeed, all com-mittees in the U.S. Senate; that is, get the government out of the way while Americans attempt to build a business. She shares the passion that I have with reducing to a bare minimum the regu-latory structure that has grown up in America today and is really stifling businesses at all levels but particularly businesses at the small end of the scale. We all know that when the govern-ment enacts a regulation, which hap-pens all too frequently—hourly, every day, several every day—and they are laid down in front of businesses, a large business really has substantially less difficulty dealing with those. Large businesses will tell you that is the largest challenge they have today, the most significant challenge they have; that is, overcoming the barriers that are put in place by the govern-ment as they attempt to succeed and as they attempt to do business. When a regulation is laid down, a large busi-ness has an army and a fleet of lawyers and compliance officers and account-ants who can work through these regu-lations. If you are a small business and you are fixing lawn mowers in your ga-rage and you get a 30-page question-naire from the government that has significant implications for what is going to happen to you, it is very bur-densome and cuts deeply into the progress you are trying to make as a small business and provide for your family. We have an operation within the Small Business Administration called the Office of Advocacy. The committee has attempted to grow and strengthen its independence. The purpose of the Office of Advocacy is to stand up when-ever the government acts in a way that affects small businesses and say: Wait. Stop. Think about this. Look what you are doing and look how this is going to affect business—and particularly small business—in America, the regulations you are attempting to impose. Linda McMahon shares my passion in that regard. I have every reason to be-lieve she is going to assist in strength-ening that particular division within the Small Business Administration. Based upon her qualifications, based upon her view of small business and en-trepreneurship, based upon her experi-ence in small business and in growing small business, and based upon what I think perhaps is going to be one of the only bipartisan efforts we make to con-struct the Cabinet or assist the Presi-dent in constructing his Cabinet, I strongly recommend and join my col-league the ranking member in urging all Members of the Senate to support Linda McMahon in this effort and in her confirmation. With that, Mr. President, I yield the floor. I yield back all time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the McMahon nom-ination? Mr. RISCH. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 81, nays 19, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 65 Ex.] YEAS—81 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin McCain McCaskill McConnell Menendez Moran Murkowski Murphy Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young 
NAYS—19 
Baldwin Booker Brown Durbin Gillibrand Harris Heinrich Markey Merkley Murray Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. F
LAKE ). Under the previous order, the motion to reconsider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE SOCIAL SECU-RITY ADMINISTRATION—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to H.J. Res. 40. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: Motion to proceed to H.J. Res. 40, a joint resolution providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the So-cial Security Administration relating to Im-plementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE SOCIAL SECU-RITY ADMINISTRATION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the joint resolution. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 40) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Social Security Adminis-tration relating to Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, today I come to the floor to address my colleagues about the bipartisan resolu-tion of disapproval that I introduced on January 30, along with Senator C
RAPO  and 24 other cosponsors. This resolu-tion now has 32 cosponsors, and of course this resolution of disapproval is absolutely necessary. The resolution of disapproval is a procedure, as we know, under the Con-gressional Review Act for repealing ex-ecutive branch regulations. The regula-tion at issue here in this disapproval resolution was issued by the Social Se-curity Administration under President Obama. This regulation unfairly stig-matizes people with disabilities. If the regulation is not repealed, it will allow the agency to very unfairly deprive So-cial Security recipients of their Second Amendment rights. The regulation would result in disability recipients being reported to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System as ineligible to own a firearm and, thus, have their Second Amendment rights violated. This is essentially a national gun ban list. The agency accomplishes this by doing two things: determining if a per-son has a disorder on a vague ‘‘mental disorders’’ list, and, two, appointing a representative payee to manage benefit payments. This process has been in place for years to merely assign a representative payee. That is merely someone who is authorized to deal with the bureauc-racy on behalf of that Social Security recipient to help a recipient with their finances. Now it is being used to report beneficiaries to a list so that they can-not buy or own a gun. Of course, once on that list, individuals are prohibited, as I have already inferred, from pur-chasing, owning, and possessing fire-arms, thus violating Second Amend-ment rights. The regulation is flawed beyond any kind of repair. It results in reporting 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.009 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1143 February 14, 2017 
people to the gun ban list that should not be on that list at all. It deprives those people of their constitutional rights and, in a very important way, violates their constitutional rights without even due process. Under current Federal law, one must first be deemed ‘‘mentally defective’’ before being reported to the gun ban list. However, the mental disorder list in this regulation is filled with vague characteristics that do not fit into the Federal ‘‘mentally defective’’ standard. The disorder list is inconsistent with the Federal mentally defective stand-ard. More importantly, the list was never designed to regulate firearms. As such, it is improper to use it for that purpose. Many of the disorders on the list are unrelated to gun safety. For example, the disorders list includes eating dis-orders, disorders that merely impact sleep or cause restlessness, and even disorders that could cause ‘‘feelings of inadequacy.’’ Because the Second Amendment is a fundamental right, the government must have a very compelling reason to regulate, and the regulation must be very narrowly tailored. It unfairly stig-matizes people with disabilities. The government is essentially saying that a person with a disability, such as an eating disorder, is more likely to be violent and should no longer be allowed to own a gun. There is no evidence to support that general idea and, consequently, people being denied constitutional rights without due process. And if a specific individual is likely to be violent due to the nature of their mental illness, then the government should have to prove it. It is pretty basic constitutional law: The government should have to carry the burden before denying a constitu-tional right. The National Council on Disability— and that happens to be a nonpartisan and independent Federal agency—has said this: 
The rule stigmatizes a group of people who are not likely to perpetuate the kind of vio-lence the rule hopes to address. Further-more, it deprives a much broader class of in-dividuals of a constitutional right than was intended by Federal law. 
In addition, the American Civil Lib-erties Union has said: 
We oppose this rule because it advances and reinforces the harmful stereotype that people with mental disabilities, a vast and diverse group of citizens, are violent. There is no data to support a connection between the need for a representative payee . . . and a propensity toward gun violence. 
That was a quote from the American Civil Liberties Union. The Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities—and that is a coalition of 100 national disability groups—shares the same concerns about regulations, and I will quote from them: 
The current public dialogue is replete with inaccurate stereotyping of people with men-tal disabilities as violent and dangerous, and there is a real concern that the kind of pol-icy change encompassed by this rule will re-inforce those unfounded assumptions. In other words, those unfounded as-sumptions are about who might be dis-abled or not. I ask unanimous consent to have these letters printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NATIONAL COUNCIL ON DISABILITY , Washington, DC, January 24, 2017. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, U.S. House of Represent-atives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL AND  S
PEAKER RYAN: I write on behalf of the Na-tional Council on Disability (NCD) regarding the final rule the Social Security Adminis-tration (SSA) released on December 19th, 2016, implementing provisions of the Na-tional Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) Improvement Amendments Act of 2007, 81 FR 91702. In accordance with our mandate to advise the President, Con-gress, and other federal agencies regarding policies, programs, practices, and procedures that affect people with disabilities, NCD sub-mitted comments to SSA on the proposed rule on June 30th, 2016. In our comments, we cautioned against implementation of the proposed rule because: ‘‘[t]here is, simply put, no nexus between the inability to manage money and the abil-ity to safely and responsibly own, possess or use a firearm. This arbitrary linkage not only unnecessarily and unreasonably de-prives individuals with disabilities of a con-stitutional right, it increases the stigma for those who, due to their disabilities, may need a representative payee[.]’’ Despite our objections and that of many other individuals and organizations received by SSA regarding the proposed rule, the final rule released in late December was largely unchanged. Because of the importance of the constitutional right at stake and the very real stigma that this rule legitimizes, NCD recommends that Congress consider utilizing the Congressional Review Act (CRA) to re-peal this rule. NCD is a nonpartisan, independent federal agency with no stated position with respect to gun-ownership or gun-control other than our long-held position that restrictions on gun possession or ownership based on psy-chiatric or intellectual disability must be based on a verifiable concern as to whether the individual poses a heightened risk of danger to themselves or others if they are in possession of a weapon. Additionally, it is critically important that any restriction on gun possession or ownership on this basis is imposed only after the individual has been afforded due process and given an oppor-tunity to respond to allegations that they are not able to safely possess or own a fire-arm due to his or her disability. NCD be-lieves that SSA’s final rule falls far short of meeting these criteria. Additionally, as NCD also cautioned SSA in our comments on the proposed rule, we have concerns regarding the ability of SSA to fairly and effectively implement this rule—assuming it would be possible to do so—given the long-standing issues SSA al-ready has regarding long delays in adjudica-tion and difficulty in providing consistent, prompt service to beneficiaries with respect to its core mission. This rule creates an en-tirely new function for an agency that has long noted that it has not been given suffi-cient resources to do the important work it is already charged with doing. With all due respect to SSA, our federal partner, this rule is simply a bridge too far. In fact, it is con-ceivable that attempts to implement this rule may strain the already scarce adminis-trative resources available to the agency, further impairing its ability to carry out its core mission. The CRA is a powerful mechanism for con-trolling regulatory overreach, and NCD urges its use advisedly and cautiously. In this particular case, the potential for real harm to the constitutional rights of people with psychiatric and intellectual disabilities is grave as is the potential to undermine the essential mission of an agency that millions of people with and without disabilities rely upon to meet their basic needs. Therefore, in this instance, NCD feels that utilizing the CRA to repeal the final rule is not only war-ranted, but necessary. Regards, C
LYDE E. T ERRY , Chair. 
AMERICAN CIVILLIBERTIES UNION, February 9, 2017. Vote YES on the Resolution of Disapproval, S.J. Res. 14 (Social Security Administra-tion NICS Final Rule). Vote NO on the Resolution of Disapproval, S.J. Res. 12 (Federal Acquisition Regula-tion/Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces EO). D
EARSENATORS : On behalf of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), we urge mem-bers of the Senate to support the resolution disapproving the final rule of the Social Se-curity Administration which implements the National Instant Criminal Background Check System Improvement Amendment Acts of 2007. Additionally we urge members to oppose the resolution of disapproval of the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Defense, the General Services Administration, and NASA relating to the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion that implement the Fair Pay and Safe Workplace Executive Order 13673. 
SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION (SSA) ’SI M-
PLEMENTATION OF THE NICS IMPROVEMENT  
AMENDMENT ACTS OF 2007 HARMS PEOPLE  
WITH DISABILITIES  In December 2016, the SSA promulgated a final rule that would require the names of all Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefit recipients—who, because of a mental impairment, use a representative payee to help manage their benefits—be submitted to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS), which is used during gun purchases. We oppose this rule because it advances and reinforces the harmful stereotype that people with mental disabilities, a vast and diverse group of citizens, are violent and should not own a gun. There is no data to support a connection between the need for a representative payee to manage one’s Social Security disability benefits and a propensity toward gun violence. The rule further dem-onstrates the damaging phenomenon of ‘‘spread,’’ or the perception that a disabled individual with one area of impairment auto-matically has additional, negative and unre-lated attributes. Here, the rule automati-cally conflates one disability-related char-acteristic, that is, difficulty managing money, with the inability to safely possess a firearm. The rule includes no meaningful due proc-ess protections prior to the SSA’s trans-mittal of names to the NICS database. The determination by SSA line staff that a bene-ficiary needs a representative payee to man-age their money benefit is simply not an ‘‘adjudication’’ in any ordinary meaning of the word. Nor is it a determination that the person ‘‘lacks the mental capacity to con-tract or manage his own affairs’’ as required 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.011 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1144 February 14, 2017 
by the NICS. Indeed, the law and the SSA clearly state that representative payees are appointed for many individuals who are le-gally competent. We recognize that enacting new regula-tions relating to firearms can raise difficult questions. The ACLU believes that the right to own and use guns is not absolute or free from government regulation, since firearms are inherently dangerous instrumentalities and their use, unlike other activities pro-tected by the Bill of Rights, can inflict seri-ous bodily injury or death. Therefore, fire-arms are subject to reasonable regulation in the interests of public safety, crime preven-tion, maintaining the peace, environmental protection, and public health. We do not op-pose regulation of firearms as long as it is reasonably related to these legitimate gov-ernment interests. At the same time, regulation of firearms and individual gun ownership or use must be consistent with civil liberties principles, such as due process, equal protection, free-dom from unlawful searches, and privacy. All individuals have the right to be judged on the basis of their individual capabilities, not the characteristics and capabilities that are sometimes attributed (often mistakenly) to any group or class to which they belong. A disability should not constitute grounds for the automatic per se denial of any right or privilege, including gun ownership. 
FAIR PAY AND SAFE WORKPLACES REGULATIONS  
ADVANCE WORKER SAFETY AND RIGHTS  The rules implementing the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces Executive Order take an important step towards creating more equi-table and safe work conditions by ensuring that federal contractors provide workplaces that comply with federal labor and civil rights laws. Employers that have the privilege of doing business with the federal government must meet their legal obligations. The Fair Pay and Safe Workplace regulations are crucial because they help ensure that federal con-tractors behave responsibly and ethically with respect to labor standards and civil rights laws and that they are complying with federal labor and employment laws such as the Fair Labor Standards Act (which in-cludes the Equal Pay Act), Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, the Americans with Dis-abilities Act of 1990 and the Occupational Safety and Health Act, and their state law equivalents. The Executive Order also bans contractors from forcing employees to arbi-trate claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act as well as claims of sexual har-assment and sexual assault. Congress should stand with workers, in-crease the accountability of federal contrac-tors and oppose any attempts to undo the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces regulations. These rules will help ensure that the federal government does not contract with employ-ers that routinely violate workplace health and safety protections, engage in age, dis-ability, race, and sex discrimination, with-hold wages, or commit other labor viola-tions. If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Vania Leveille, senior legislative counsel, at vleveille@aclu.org or (202) 715– 0806. Sincerely, F
AIZSHAKIR , Director, Washington Legislative Office. V
ANIA LEVEILLE , Senior Legislative Counsel, Wash-ington Legislative Office. CONSORTIUM FOR  C
ITIZENS WITH DISABILITIES , Washington, DC, January 26, 2017. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Senate Majority Leader, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HUCK SCHUMER , Senate Minority Leader, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL AND  M
INORITY LEADER SCHUMER : The Co-Chairs of the Rights Task Force of the Consortium of Citizens with Disabilities (CCD) urge you to support a Congressional Review Act (CRA) resolution to disapprove the Final Rule issued by the Social Security Administration (SSA) on December 19, 2016, ‘‘Implementa-tion of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007.’’ This rule would require the So-cial Security Administration to forward the names of all Social Security Disability In-surance (SSDI) and Supplemental Security Income (SSI) benefit recipients who use a representative payee to help manage their benefits due to a mental impairment to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS). The Consortium for Citizens with Disabil-ities (CCD) is the largest coalition of na-tional organizations working together to ad-vocate for Federal public policy that ensures the self-determination, independence, em-powerment, integration and inclusion of children and adults with disabilities in all aspects of society. Prior to the issuance of the Final Rule, the CCD Rights Task Force conveyed its opposi-tion to the rule through a letter to the Obama Administration and through the pub-lic comment process. We—and many other members of CCD—opposed the rule for a number of reasons, including: The damaging message that may be sent by a SSA policy change, which focused on re-porting individuals who receive assistance from representative payees in managing their benefits to the NICS gun database. The current public dialogue is replete with inac-curate stereotyping of people with mental disabilities as violent and dangerous, and there is a real concern that the kind of pol-icy change encompassed by this rule will re-inforce those unfounded assumptions. The absence of any data suggesting that there is any connection between the need for a representative payee to manage one’s So-cial Security disability benefits and a pro-pensity toward gun violence. The absence of any meaningful due process protections prior to the SSA’s transmittal of names to the NICS database. Although the NICS Improvements Act of 2007 allows agen-cies to transmit the names of individuals who have been ‘‘adjudicated’’ to lack the ca-pacity to manage their own affairs, SSA’s process does not constitute an adjudication and does not include a finding that individ-uals are broadly unable to manage their own affairs. Based on similar concerns, the National Council on Disability, an independent federal agency charged with advising the President, Congress, and other federal agencies regard-ing disability policy, has urged Congress to use the Congressional Review Act to repeal this rule. We urge Congress to act, through the CRA process, to disapprove this new rule and pre-vent the damage that it inflicts on the dis-ability community. On behalf of the CCD Rights Task Force, the undersigned Co-Chairs, D
ARABALDWIN , National Disability Rights Network. S
AMANTHA CRANE , Autistic Self-Advocacy Network. SANDY FINUCANE , Epilepsy Foundation Law. J
ENNIFER MATHIS , Bazelon Center for Mental Health. M
ARKRICHERT , American Foundation for the Blind. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, some of the supporters of the new gun ban have brought forth arguments to try to discredit the other side. They have said that repealing the agency rule will allow the mentally ill to acquire fire-arms. Let me tell you why that is not true. Under this regulation, the Social Secu-rity Administration never, ever deter-mines a person to be mentally ill be-fore reporting them to this gun ban list. It does not provide due process be-fore reporting them to the list. Once the agency places a person on this dis-orders list, it then moves to assign a representative payee. But that is a very flawed process as well. The former Social Security Adminis-tration inspector general said the fol-lowing last year in testimony before a committee about assigning a rep-resentative payee. This will be a very short quote from the inspector general: ‘‘It’s not a scientific decision; it’s more of a personal opinion.’’ It is quite obvious under our Con-stitution’s due process clause that the personal opinion of a bureaucrat can-not be the basis for taking away a per-son’s Second Amendment rights. Further, a June 2015 internal Social Security report found significant shortcomings in the representative payee process, namely that—and I will quote from the Social Security re-port—‘‘the Social Security Administra-tion’s capability determinations were undeveloped, undocumented, or insuffi-ciently documented.’’ A very legitimate question can be raised: How can any of us be com-fortable allowing our fellow citizens to be subjected to such a process, a proc-ess that leads to the violation of con-stitutional rights? The regulation does not then require a formal hearing at any point. Federal law and other regulations re-quire that a formal hearing take place. Mr. President, 18 U.S.C. 922(d)(4) re-quires adjudication before depriving someone of the right to own a firearm due to mental illness. There can be no adjudication if there is no hearing. A 1996 ATF Federal Register Notice says ‘‘the legislative history of the Gun Control Act makes it clear that a for-mal adjudication is necessary before firearms disabilities are incurred.’’ The Obama administration knew that fundamental rights required con-stitutional due process. At the bare minimum, that requires a hearing. Yet, in this rule, no hearing is being af-forded to that individual that will eventually have their constitutional rights abrogated. Of course, that ought to be considered not only a travesty but a travesty on the Constitution as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.004 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1145 February 14, 2017 
well. The constitutional due process is entirely nonexistent because there is absolutely no opportunity for an indi-vidual to challenge the proceedings against them. The American Civil Liberties Union has echoed the same concerns, stating that ‘‘the rule includes no meaningful due process protections prior to the So-cial Security Administration’s trans-mittal of the names to the National In-stant Criminal Background Check Sys-tem database.’’ The Second Amendment is very much being tossed aside without a formal dispute process to challenge the action before the constitutional right is abridged. On these facts alone, the reg-ulation should be repealed. Yet there is more. The regulation fails to establish that a person is a danger to themselves or a danger to others before taking away the constitutional rights the Second Amendment allows. If a rule premised on safety is to have any credibility, one would obviously think that the government needs to prove a person is dangerous, but this rule fails in that regard because it does not require the agency to find a person is, in fact, dan-gerous. The Second Amendment is a fundamental right requiring the gov-ernment to carry the burden showing a person has a dangerous mental illness. This regulation obviously and simply does not achieve that requirement. To be clear, however, if this regula-tion is repealed, Federal gun prohibi-tions will still exist. Individuals who have been determined to be a danger to themselves or others will still be pro-hibited from purchasing firearms. Also, individuals who are found to have a dangerous mental illness will be pro-hibited from purchasing a firearm. A person convicted of a felony or a mis-demeanor crime of domestic violence will still be prohibited from pur-chasing, owning, and possessing a fire-arm. The same is true for those invol-untarily committed to a mental insti-tution. As government expands, liberty con-tracts. It follows that with the expan-sion of government, power is central-ized here, in this island surrounded by reality that we call Washington, DC, rather than with the American people. Often with that centralization of power, fairness does not necessarily follow, as demonstrated by this regula-tion. This Obama-era regulation is a perfect example of government wield-ing too much power—the power to deny people due process, the power to deny people their constitutional rights under the Second Amendment. The process described herein is ex-tremely problematic and necessitates being done away with by the passing of this resolution of disapproval. It is not clear that any of these disorders a per-son is labeled with has anything what-soever to do with a person’s ability to responsibly own a firearm, and there is insufficient due process to ensure that a person actually has a given disorder that would interfere with their safe use of a firearm. Notably, even if a rep-resentative payee has been assigned, the individual still maintains the ca-pacity to contract. Thus, the government is subject to a very low threshold to report names to the gun list and no burden of proof is required. By contrast, under this regu-lation, those who are reported to the list must prove the negative. They have to prove that the government is wrong. They must prove they are not a danger in order to get their name off that gun ban list. For the government to shift the burden to the citizen whose rights are being deprived is clearly un-fair and unconstitutional. The failure to determine if a person is mentally ill or a danger to self or others is a mate-rial defect to this regulation, as is the failure to afford constitutional due process. There is no reasonable basis under this regulation to justify abridg-ing that very important, fundamental constitutional right, and that is why this regulation must be repealed through the passage of this resolution of disapproval. I yield the floor. 
ORDER FOR RECESS  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate re-cess from 12:30 p.m. to 2:15 p.m. today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, the Sen-ate is now considering H.J. Res. 40, a resolution of disapproval regarding a misguided Social Security Administra-tion regulation that infringes on many Americans’ Second Amendment rights. As a cosponsor of the Senate com-panion to this resolution, which was filed by Chairman G
RASSLEY , I would like to add my voice to that of the many advocates, including the Na-tional Disabilities Rights Network and groups such as the National Rifle Asso-ciation that work to protect the rights of law-abiding gun owners who have ex-pressed support for this important leg-islation. I would also like to express my ap-preciation to Chairman G
RASSLEY and others for their leadership on this issue. This ill-advised regulation not only stigmatizes individuals with dis-abilities, it also violates the Second Amendment and due process rights of many Americans, and it should be re-pealed. As a longtime supporter of Ameri-cans’ constitutional right to keep and bear arms, I was deeply troubled by this regulation, which allows the So-cial Security Administration to report individuals they consider, in the words used in the regulation, to be ‘‘mentally defective’’ to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, or NICS, if they have ‘‘mental impair-ments,’’ receive disability insurance benefits, and receive those benefits through a representative payee. When someone receives benefits through SSA’s representative payee program, SSA field office employees have deemed them unable to manage their finances. However, SSA’s rep-resentative payee program itself is, by many accounts, ineffectively adminis-tered. You don’t have to take my word for it. As recently as 2013, the Government Accountability Office identified that SSA ‘‘struggles to effectively admin-ister its Payee Program.’’ There are unexplained and large discrepancies across various regions of the country that SSA serves in numbers of bene-ficiaries who are assigned by SSA field offices to be in the payee program. Yet, despite these known gaps and discrep-ancies, SSA apparently thought that this system was sufficient to determine whether some beneficiaries should be afforded a constitutional right. Let’s be clear. Under SSA’s rule, in-dividuals who are not found by SSA employees or any other competent au-thority to be a danger to themselves or others but rather simply need help managing their finances will be prohib-ited from legally purchasing a firearm. While we all want to make sure that the NICS system works effectively to prevent violent criminals and those who actually do pose a threat from purchasing firearms, this regulation is exceedingly overbroad. Moreover, it is not at all clear to me that SSA em-ployees in field offices should be put in charge of deciding who can legally pur-chase a firearm. Of course, the bureau-crats at SSA who were prodded by the Obama administration to write the rule say they will create some sort of internal structure to allow bene-ficiaries to appeal the decisions of SSA employees. Of course, that means SSA would need to construct a new costly adjudication system to review deci-sions that its employees are not well- equipped to make in the first place. This is particularly strange, given that it is standard practice at SSA to decry the agency’s funding levels while also claiming it is already unable to ade-quately serve its beneficiaries due to budgetary shortfalls. All of this simply does not add up. The SSA is not at all equipped for this kind of decisionmaking; moreover, the standards that would apply under the regulation for SSA to report a bene-ficiary to the NICS represent a much lower bar than the one anticipated in the applicable Federal statutes to de-termine the eligibility to purchase a firearm. That being the case, we need to pass Chairman G
RASSLEY ’s resolu-tion of disapproval, which has already been approved by the House of Rep-resentatives with bipartisan support. I encourage my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of this resolution. I thank my friend from Oregon for al-lowing me to go forward on this short set of remarks. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I lis-tened carefully to my colleagues on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.013 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1146 February 14, 2017 
other side, and I want to make sure people really understand what this de-bate is all about. This debate is about background checks. It is about mental health. It is not about taking away constitutional rights. I am struck—and I know the distinguished Presiding Of-ficer has taken part in a lot of these debates as well—that whenever there is a discussion about guns in the U.S. Senate, Senators get up and say: We shouldn’t be debating guns, we ought to be debating mental health. That is what we are talking about today—men-tal health and background checks. The fact is, we can go into townhall meetings in any part of America and hear extraordinary support for the whole idea of background checks. Background checks are right at the heart of this morning’s debate and sup-porting background checks is not some extreme far-out position to hold. In fact, opposing background checks is the view that is way out of the main-stream of American political thought. A recent poll found that 92 percent of gun owners supported expanded back-ground checks. Let me just repeat that 92 percent of gun owners in America support expanded background checks. As the courts continue to interpret the language of the Second Amendment, one matter has been made clear: back-ground checks are a constitutional part of the exercise of those rights. So what I am going to do is describe what this is all about, but I want to, as we get going, make sure people under-stand that fundamentally this is about background checks, and it is about mental health. It is not about taking away somebody’s constitutional rights. Here is how the proposal under dis-cussion works. If there is an individual with a severe mental impairment that means that another person—perhaps a family member—is in charge of their Social Security benefits, then the background check is to be informed by Social Security that the person with a severe mental impairment is ineligible to buy a gun. The fact is, we can al-ways talk about tailoring the rule in a slightly different way. It is critically important that individuals who wind up in the background check system are not treated unfairly, but the fact is, anyone who thinks they have been un-fairly affected by this proposal can ap-peal, and they are most likely going to win, as long as they are not a danger to themselves or anyone else. If the So-cial Security Administration says no, that person has the power to take their case to court. What we are talking about here is, in my view, not about Democrats or Re-publicans, liberals and conservatives; I think we are just talking about plain old, unvarnished common sense. We want to, all of us—all of us—stop shootings by those who are in danger of hurting themselves or other persons. The rule came out last year, but it goes back to the shootings at Virginia Tech and Sandy Hook. What the pre-vious administration sought to do was to find some commonsense gun safety steps that could be taken under laws on the books. I want to emphasize this as well because whenever we talk about guns, what Senators always say is: Let’s use the laws on the books. Let’s use the laws on the books. We don’t need to chase new laws and the like. So the administration sought to use the laws on the books—the previous ad-ministration—to prevent the horren-dous acts of violence that have so scarred our country in recent years. I know the distinguished Presiding Offi-cer knows something about that from his own State. I hope my colleagues will oppose the resolution. I think we are all aware in the Senate that whenever you have an issue that even touches on guns, every-body goes into their corners. They go into their respective corners. My own view is—and I represent a State with a great many gun owners. I have had more than 750 townhall meet-ings at home. A lot of them—a lot of them—involve debates about guns. Overwhelmingly, in a State like mine, where there are a lot of gun owners, gun owners support making sure there are background checks. They want to address this as a mental health issue. Gun owners overwhelmingly say they have just had it with Congress doing absolutely nothing when it comes to practical, commonsense gun measures like background checks. They look at what goes on in Washington, DC—and I have had so many gun owners—and this comes up not just at town meetings. We have an icon in our State, Fred Meyer, a store. I think I have had chicken in every Fred Meyer in the State of Oregon. People come up and talk about issues like this in a Fred Meyer, and they ask: Why in the world can’t there be Democrats and Repub-licans who just come together and do something that helps make our coun-try a little bit safer? That is what this is all about. I am not here to say this measure is a panacea; that somehow this is a mag-ical elixir that is going to reduce gun violence in America. That wouldn’t be right and certainly not part of how I see these debates. I see this as address-ing a commonsense, practical measure relating to background checks and mental health. I listened to my colleague, my friend from the Finance Committee, Senator G
RASSLEY . If Members of the Senate feel so strongly that this particular rule needs addressing, then there ought to be a debate. The Senate, Democrats and Republicans, should get together and figure out how to improve the rule. What is important is that is not going to be possible if this resolution passes. If this rule is struck down under the Congressional Review Act, it wouldn’t just scrap this particular background check, it would salt the Earth. It would prevent this issue from being addressed for quite a number of years. I am going to close by talking a bit personally for a minute about why I feel so strongly about this. My late brother Jeff, who passed at the age of 51, suffered from schizophrenia, a seri-ous mental impairment. He started to withdraw in his teens. His condition got worse over the next few years. We were close. He was just a couple of years younger than I. I watched the continuing odyssey that Jeff went through of various mental health fa-cilities, run-ins with the law on the streets. I will say to the Presiding Officer that not a day went by in the Wyden household when we weren’t worried that Jeff was going to hurt himself or somebody else. That was the reality for the Wyden family, and that is a fear that I know is felt in households all across the country, day in and day out. My brother received benefits from public programs while he struggled with a mental impairment. My dad wrote a book about it because we were so hopeful at one time. He wrote a book called ‘‘Conquering Schizo-phrenia.’’ We thought there was a breakthrough drug known as olanzapine. We always felt during those years that it would be a big mistake if Jeff Wyden could buy a gun. He would have been a danger to himself. He would have been a danger to others. I don’t think Americans should have to carry that burden and experience that kind of worry that comes along with the danger we felt week after week for years in the Wyden household and that I know other families across the coun-try feel as well. (Mr. CRUZ assumed the Chair.) The Presiding Officer wasn’t in the Chair when this began, and I started off by way of saying that, to me, this is about background checks, it is about mental health; it is not about taking away people’s constitutional rights, but I can understand why other people would have a difference of opinion. That is what the Senate is about. That is what the Senate is supposed to do— to debate these issues. So if somebody said: Well, there is a better way to do this, to improve it, count me in—count me in to talk with colleagues, the Pre-siding Officer, and others—but if you support this resolution today, you close off that door. You preempt that possibility because of the way the Con-gressional Review Act actually works. I urge my colleagues to oppose this. This is what the Senate says it wants to do when we talk about guns. I wish I had a nickel, in fact, for every time the Senate talked about guns—I wish I had a nickel for each time a Senator got up and said: We shouldn’t be work-ing on guns. We ought to be working on mental health. That is what this is about, mental health and background checks. I urge my colleagues to oppose the resolution. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, I have heard my Republican friends tell those 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.014 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1147 February 14, 2017 
of us who want the laws of this country changed to protect our constituents against gun violence that what we should focus on is enforcing the exist-ing law; that we don’t need any new laws, all we need to do is focus on en-forcing the existing law. Senator W
YDEN said he wished he had a nickel for every time he has been told our focus should be on background checks. Well, I wish I had a nickel for every time my colleagues told me we should focus on enforcing the existing law. Yet I would also be a rich man if I had a nickel for every time Repub-licans came to the floor and tried to undermine the existing law, tried to re-write the existing law to make it hard-er to enforce it. The Appropriations Act is, on an an-nual basis, loaded up with riders that hamstring enforcement agencies, don’t allow them to actually enforce existing laws. The CRA we have before us today will make it harder for the Federal Government to do what we have told them to do for decades, which is to put dangerous people and people who are seriously mentally ill on the list of those who are prohibited from buying guns. That is the existing law. The ex-isting law says that if you are con-victed of a serious crime or you have a serious mental illness and you have gone through a process by which a de-termination has been made by a gov-ernment agency as such, that you should not be able to buy a weapon. Why do we have that law on the books? Why have we come together as Republicans and Democrats to say that people with serious mental illness or people who have been adjudicated of a violent crime shouldn’t be able to buy weapons? It is because the evidence tells us over and over again that if you have committed a violent crime, you are likely—more likely than if you haven’t committed a violent crime—to commit another one. And over and over again, as we have seen these mass shooters walk into places like Sandy Hook Elementary School or a movie theater in Colorado or a classroom in Blacksburg, we know that people with serious mental illness in this country can go buy a very powerful weapon and do great damage with it. That does not mean there is an inher-ent connection between mental illness and violence. In fact, we know the op-posite to be true. If you are mentally ill, you are probably more likely to be the victim of violence than you are to be the perpetrator of it. But we do know that in this country, given the fact that weapons are so easy to come by, people with mental illness—serious mental illness—who have an intersec-tion with visions of violence often do great harm. So we made a collective decision as Republicans and Democrats that if you have a serious mental ill-ness, you probably shouldn’t be able to go and buy an assault weapon. That is what the law says. Section 101 of the NICS Improvement Act is titled ‘‘Enhancement of require-ment that Federal departments and agencies provide relevant information to the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System.’’ That is a piece of legislation which both Republicans and Democrats supported. It commands that Federal agencies provide relevant information to the criminal back-ground check system. What is relevant information? ATF defines someone who should not be able to buy a gun as one who ‘‘lacks the mental capacity to manage his own af-fairs.’’ So there is the existing statute. The existing statute says that relevant agencies should forward information to the criminal background check system on individuals who are prohibited from owning guns, and that is defined in part as an individual who ‘‘lacks the mental capacity to manage his own af-fairs.’’ That is exactly what the regulation proffered by the Obama administration at the end of last year does. It says that individuals who have filed a claim for disability, who meet the require-ments of one of Social Security’s men-tal disorders listing of impairments, have been found to be so severely im-paired that they are unable to work, and have been found, with due process, to be incapable of managing their own benefits and have had a representative appointed to them to manage their dis-ability benefits, that those individuals meet the definition of someone who lacks the mental capacity to manage their own affairs. If you are supporting this CRA today, then you are undermining the ability of law enforcement to do their job to enforce the law as Congress has passed. So spare me this rhetoric about passing no new laws because we should just focus on enforcement. Once again, with this CRA, you are undermining the ability of the Federal Government and of law enforcement to enforce the law. Let’s be clear about what the danger is. It is correct to state that there is no inherent connection between being mentally ill and being dangerous, but the risk is not just that an individual is going to buy a gun and use it them-selves; the risk is that someone who literally can’t deposit their own pay-check probably can’t or likely can’t re-sponsibly own and protect a gun. I could sit here for the rest of the day and recite the number of times a gun owned by one individual got used in an accidental shooting, got taken ille-gally, stolen from their premises, and used in a crime. The danger of an indi-vidual who has severe mental inca-pacity is not just that they are going to take that weapon and fire it but that they are not going to own, keep, and protect it responsibly. If you can’t manage your own financial affairs, how can we expect that you are going to be a responsible steward of a dangerous, lethal firearm? We are talking about a very limited group of individuals here—who, by the way, under the regulation, have due process to contest the determination. First of all, they have an ability to contest the determination by Social Security that they shouldn’t be able to manage their own financial affairs, and then the regulation secondarily gives them the ability to specifically contest their limitation on gun ownership. So there is full ability for the individual or for the family to contest this limita-tion, which makes it completely con-stitutional. Nonsense that this is a re-striction of a constitutional right. The Heller decision, which does hold that an individual has a right to gun ownership, also makes it explicit in Justice Scalia’s opinion that there are limitations on that right, and the Scalia decision itself lists as one of those conditions the restriction of gun ownership by people who are seriously mentally ill. The law is clear that Federal agen-cies are required to upload information onto NICS of those individuals who cannot manage their own financial af-fairs because of mental illness. The Su-preme Court is clear that this is en-tirely constitutional. So why are we doing this? Why are we having a debate about rolling back the criminal back-ground check system when 90 percent of Americans support it? No matter what State you live in, sit down with your constituents and tell them that you voted to allow people who are seriously mentally ill to be able to buy guns. You are not going to get a lot of takers. And it is not be-cause people don’t have compassion for people with mental illness. I have worked for the last 2 years to pass the most substantial mental health reform act that this body has seen in a decade. I have spent as much or more time than anybody in this Chamber advo-cating for the rights of people with mental illness and for their treatment. But I also understand that when people are so mentally ill that they can’t manage their own financial affairs, they probably shouldn’t buy a gun. That is a small class of people. What makes me so angry about this is I have no idea how to go back to the people whom I represent in Con-necticut and tell them that in the 4 years since the massacre in a smalltown elementary school, not only has Congress passed no law, made no change in statute to try to keep dan-gerous weapons out of the hands of would-be shooters, but that today we are doing exactly the opposite. The re-sponse to the epidemic of mass shoot-ings in this country is to make it easi-er for people with serious mental ill-ness to get guns. How do I explain that to people in Connecticut? How do the folks representing areas where shootings are a regular occur-rence explain that Congress has done nothing to address mass shootings, to address the epidemic rates of gun vio-lence in our cities, and yet we think it is so important to undermine the criminal background check system— not strengthen it, undermine it—that in the first month of this new adminis-tration and this new Congress, we are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.016 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1148 February 14, 2017 
rushing through this repeal of a com-monsense regulation? That is deeply offensive to the majority of Americans, who think we should be strengthening our criminal background checks sys-tem, not undermining it. Ninety per-cent of Americans think we should have universal background checks. Not only are we not listening to them, we are undermining the criminal back-ground checks system today. I get that the gun lobby is pretty powerful in this place. I get that they have stood in the way of changes in our criminal background checks system that were supported by 90 percent of Americans. But even I wasn’t cynical enough to think they had so much power that they could get Congress to roll back, to undermine the criminal background check system in the wake of this continued horrific level of gun violence all across the country. Senator W
YDEN is right. The danger in this is not just that it has the imme-diate impact of undermining the crimi-nal background check system, but it potentially blocks our ability to get this right in the future. We don’t know what the precedent is for CRAs because we haven’t done them before. What we know is that it says you can’t pass any regulation that is substantially similar to the regulation that you legislated on. Well, what does that mean in the context of keeping people with serious mental illness off the criminal back-ground check system? Does that mean we can’t ever legislate or regulate on the narrow issue of individuals who have had their right of financial affairs restricted through Social Security, or is that a broader prohibition that lim-its the administration’s ability to reg-ulate on strengthening of the criminal background check system in a much more comprehensive way? We are playing with fire here because this is a precedent we know nothing about. We are playing with fire because we are potentially limiting the ability to ever get this issue right in the fu-ture when 90 percent of Americans want us to work together on it. I understand this issue is a sensitive one. Having spent my entire career working hand in hand with committed advocates for people with mental ill-ness, I understand the danger of conflating mental illness with vio-lence. But this is a narrow category of individuals who by definition fit the parameters in existing law for those who are supposed to be on the NICS system. For all the things that we disagree about on gun policy—I don’t suspect we are going to get a meeting of the minds this Congress on whether all gun sales should be subject to background checks. I don’t suspect we are going to figure out a way to work together on restricting access to high-capacity magazines or assault weapons. I thought at least we agreed on keeping the background check system that we have. The existing law says that individ-uals who lack the mental capacity to manage their own affairs should be in-cluded on the list of those who are pro-hibited from buying weapons, and today we are undermining that exist-ing law. We are undermining the en-forcement of current statute—some-thing Republicans have said over and over again they are not interested in doing. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote against this measure. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to be able to com-plete my remarks before the Senate re-cesses. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. CABINET NOMINATIONS  
Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, yester-day we began yet another week of con-sidering Cabinet nominations in the Senate—our fourth week, to be pre-cise—and we still have a long way to go. If anyone is wondering whether this is a normal confirmation process, the answer is no, it is not. Historically, Senate practice has been to quickly confirm a President’s Cabinet nomi-nees. President Obama had six nomi-nees confirmed on his first day as President and nearly all the rest with-in the first 2 weeks. This tradition of speedy confirmation goes back a long way. By the point in every Presidency since President Eisenhower’s, most, if not all, of the President’s Cabinet nominees had been confirmed by now. Between 1881 and 1933, every incoming President had all of his Cabinet nomi-nees confirmed on day one. What is the reason for this? Histori-cally, Senators of both parties have recognized that Cabinet officials play an essential part in getting an adminis-tration up and running, doing the busi-ness of the American people. Once the American people elect a President, the thinking historically has gone that it is only right that the President be given the advisers he needs to do the job he was elected to do—that is, until now. This year, Democrats decided that they have had enough of timely Cabi-net confirmations, that they have had enough of bipartisanship. Since Presi-dent Trump was inaugurated, Demo-crats have done everything they can to drag out his Cabinet nominations. We don’t have to take my word for it; here is what Politico had to say: 
Senate Democrats . . . are slow-walking the installation of Trump’s Cabinet to a his-toric degree. . . . They are voting against Trump’s Cabinet picks in unprecedented numbers. 
Two weeks ago, the Washington Post published a piece titled ‘‘Trump’s con-firmations really are taking longer than his predecessors.’’ ‘‘Democrats,’’ the Post noted, ‘‘have tried to slow the process, invoking ar-cane parliamentary procedure to force delays, and boycotting committee meetings to prevent votes.’’ For a party that has spent a lot of time complaining about obstruction, Democrats really are taking it to new heights. Thanks to Democrats’ ob-struction, the Senate has had to spend so much time confirming nominees that we have had very little time for actual legislative business. We still have a long way to go to finish con-firming the President’s Cabinet, unless the Democrats decide to stop their ob-struction. Democrats aren’t even really accomplishing anything with their delays. Thanks to the rules change that they put in place in 2013—that was some-thing that was engineered in 2013 where they literally broke the rules to change the rules—they can’t actually prevent President Trump’s nominees from being confirmed. The only thing they can do is to tie up the business of the Senate and delay work on legislation to address the challenges that are fac-ing American families. Democrats may not like President Trump, but it is high time they get used to the fact that he is our Presi-dent. Democrats are not helping any-one by preventing the President from having a fully functioning administra-tion. It is time for Democrats to aban-don the obstruction, confirm the Presi-dent’s nominees, and allow the Senate to move forward with the business of the American people. NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. President, in addition to Cabinet nominees, the Senate will be consid-ering another key nomination in the coming weeks, and that is Judge Neil Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court. I met with Judge Gorsuch last week, and our meeting confirmed my opinion that President Trump could not have made a better pick for the Court. By now, I think Judge Gorsuch’s qualifica-tions are well known: his exceptional intelligence, his gift for the written word, his outstanding resume, and, most of all, his clear understanding of the proper role of a judge. In his remarks at the White House after accepting the nomination, Judge Gorsuch spoke of judges’ obligation to follow the law ‘‘as they find it and without respect to their personal polit-ical beliefs.’’ ‘‘A judge who likes every outcome he reaches is very likely a bad judge.’’ Judge Gorsuch has said those words more than once. Why? Because a judge who likes every outcome he reaches is likely making decisions based on some-thing other than the law. That is a problem. The job of a judge is to interpret the law, not write it—to call the balls and strikes, not to re-write the rules of the game. Everyone’s rights are put in jeopardy when judges step outside of their role and start changing the meaning of the law to suit their personal opinions. Judge Gorsuch doesn’t just under-stand judges’ responsibility; he lives it. He has won respect from liberals and conservatives alike for his deep com-mitment to following the law wherever 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.018 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1149 February 14, 2017 
it leads, even when he doesn’t like the results. Here is what Neal Katyal, an Acting Solicitor General for President Obama, had to say about Judge Gorsuch: 
I have seen him up close and in action, both in court and on the Federal Appellate Rules Committee (where both of us serve); he brings a sense of fairness and decency to the job, and a temperament that suits the na-tion’s highest court. . . . I, for one, wish it were a Democrat choosing the next justice. But since that is not to be, one basic cri-teria should be paramount: Is the nominee someone who will stand up for the rule of law and say no to a president or Congress that strays beyond the Constitution and laws? I have no doubt that if confirmed, Judge Gorsuch would help to restore confidence in the rule of law. His years on the bench reveal a commit-ment to judicial independence—a record that should give the American people confidence that he will not compromise principle to favor the president who appointed him. 
Again, those are not the words of a Republican. That is what Neal Katyal, formerly an Acting Solicitor General for President Obama, had to say about Judge Gorsuch. It is pretty high praise coming from a Democrat. One of the Democrats’ favorite tac-tics is to accuse Republican nominees of being extremists, no matter how mainstream they actually are. No mat-ter how hard they try, I don’t think they are going to have much success with that tactic against Judge Gorsuch. When liberal after liberal attests to his fairness and impartiality, it is pret-ty hard to pretend he is anything but an excellent pick for the Supreme Court. Then there are the stats from his time on the Tenth Circuit. Last week, the Wall Street Journal reported: 
Judge Gorsuch has written some 800 opin-ions since joining the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals in 2006. Only 1.75 percent (14 opinions) drew dis-sents from his colleagues. That makes 98 percent of his opinions unanimous, even on a circuit where seven of the 12 active judges were appointed by Demo-cratic Presidents and five by Republicans. 
So it is a very divided circuit court in terms of the composition. Let me re-peat that last line. 
That makes 98 percent of his opinions unanimous even on a circuit where seven of the 12 active judges were appointed by Demo-cratic Presidents and five by Republicans. 
When 98 percent of your opinions are unanimous, it is pretty much impos-sible to argue that you are somehow outside of the judicial mainstream. Very few of Judge Gorsuch’s decisions have gone to the Supreme Court. When they have, they have been almost uni-versally upheld—often, unanimously. I wish Democrats luck in portraying Judge Gorsuch as an extremist. I think they are going to have a very uphill climb. Both liberals and conservatives rec-ognize that Judge Gorsuch is a su-premely qualified jurist who would make a terrific addition to the Su-preme Court. I hope that Senate Demo-crats will listen to the consensus in favor of his nomination and abandon their threats of obstruction. Democrats spend a lot of time talking about the importance of confirming a ninth Jus-tice to the Court. Now they are going to have a chance to confirm an out-standing nominee. I hope they take it. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Senator withhold his suggestion? Mr. THUNE. I withhold my sugges-tion. f 
RECESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess until 2:15 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:37 p.m., recessed until 2:15 p.m. and reassem-bled when called to order by the Presi-dent Officer (Mr. P
ORTMAN Presiding). 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE SOCIAL SECU-RITY ADMINISTRATION—Contin-ued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority whip. 
CABINET NOMINATIONS  
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, for the last several weeks, we have been doing all we can to take up and consider the President’s nominations for his Cabi-net, even though we have had little or no cooperation from the other side of the aisle. Last night, we confirmed the Presi-dent’s top economic adviser—some-thing you would think people would think was pretty important—the Sec-retary of the Treasury, and we did con-firm the President’s Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs. Ironically, the vote for the Secretary of Veterans Affairs was 100 to 0. So maybe somebody can ex-plain to me what was the necessity of delaying the confirmation of the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs for 3 weeks, leaving that important agency without a designated and Senate-confirmed head? Earlier today, we considered the nomination of Linda McMahon to serve as the next head of the Small Business Administration, to help our country’s job creators reach their potential. Again, we had an overwhelming vote for Linda McMahon for the SBA. So, again, my question is, What purpose is served by delaying, by foot-dragging, and by obstructing the President’s choice of his Cabinet members? We are glad we finally confirmed them, but to be honest, it is not much to celebrate. By carrying out this un-precedented obstruction of qualified nominees, our friends across the aisle are simply precluding the Senate from considering other acts of legislation that would actually be helpful to the American people. From my vantage point, it is pretty clear. While they are headed down this self-destructive path, our friends continue to listen and, sadly, cater to radical elements of their own party that simply haven’t gotten over the election and have de-cided to obstruct the President and his agenda at all cost. But we know for a fact, from our pri-vate conversations, that our Democrat friends are not—well, they are frac-tured. Some of them remembered what happened in 2014, when, under the lead-ership of then-Majority Leader Reid, essentially everybody was frozen out of offering legislation or amendments to legislation on the floor, including Members of the majority party—then, Democrats, at the time. That strategy really backfired, resulting in a huge Republican class of outstanding Sen-ators in 2014. People don’t like that across the country. They think we are sent here to solve problems, and we work to-gether and make progress on behalf of the American people. This sort of mindless obstruction or foot-dragging for foot-dragging’s sake doesn’t make any sense to them, and it doesn’t make any sense to me either. Now, I realize the minority leader— the Democratic leader—probably has the toughest job in Washington, DC—to try to keep the far left fringes of his party happy, while trying to do the work of the American people who sent us here to legislate. I do know that there are Members of the Democratic caucus who are very interested in try-ing to demonstrate their effectiveness by working on bipartisan legislation. Some of them happen to be running for election in 2018 in States carried by President Trump. You would think they would be incentivized to tell the leadership of their own party—or the far left of their party, which wants to do nothing but resist the Trump agen-da and our bipartisan agenda in the Senate—to stand down or that they are not going to participate in that sort of mindless obstruction, because I think their enlightened self-interest tells them that not only is this what the American people sent us to do—to be productive on a bipartisan basis—but it is also in their electoral self-interest, as well. As long as the Democratic leader ca-ters to the fringe of his own party and resists any sort of cooperation, I think they can expect the same sort of re-sults after Senator Reid led his party down that path in 2014. We are now headed into the fourth week of the new administration, and we have only con-firmed a handful of this President’s Cabinet picks. That is bad news not just for us but for the American people, as well. Surely, after the election of Novem-ber 8, when President Obama said he wanted to make sure he participated in a peaceful transition of power to the next administration, he was appealing to the better angels of all of those who perhaps were disappointed by the out-come of the election. But that is what 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.019 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1150 February 14, 2017 
we do as Americans. We pull together in the best interest of the entire coun-try. We get together and we fight, per-haps, and we take opposing parties in elections. But once the election is over, after the ballots are counted, we work together in the best interest of the American people. But that is not happening, and that is really not just bad for the Senate. That is bad for the country. Our job in the Senate is to consider these nomi-nees and to move on them so that the President of the United States can be surrounded by the people he has chosen to help him lead the country. I will tell you that I have been incredibly im-pressed by the quality of people he has selected. So as we begin to consider the remaining nominees put forward by President Trump, I hope our friends on the other side will start to realize the ramifications of their quest to stop the Senate or to drag out these delibera-tions and preclude us from doing other constructive work. One thing I can promise you is that, thanks to the efforts of Senator Reid in the last Congress, all of these nominees will be confirmed. Our colleagues face the same choice they have had all along. They can either work with us to help get these advisers vetted and then confirmed, or they can make it painful for all of us for no good reason and re-veal to the country just how ineffective they truly are when it comes to trying to obstruct this confirmation process. My hope is that they will decide to course-correct and determine for the good of the entire country that the right thing to do is to move forward on these nominees. We were able to take up the VA Secretary and the Adminis-trator of the SBA, basically by con-sent, by agreement, without having to grind through this lengthy process that we are having to do on the Mulvaney and the Pruitt nominations, just to get those done before Saturday. It is not necessary, and it is not going to change the outcome. Mr. President, we are also going to take up an important congressional resolution of disapproval. The rule in question allows the Social Security Ad-ministration to report folks who may need help managing their money to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, also known as NICS. This is just another chapter in the same story that we heard last year when we successfully pushed back on the Veterans’ Administration for try-ing to do the same thing—bureaucrats unilaterally taking away people’s con-stitutional rights without even noti-fying them of the reason, much less without giving them an opportunity for a due process hearing. Well, this isn’t a small matter. We have to make sure that the bureaucracies can’t con-tinue to infringe on fundamental rights guaranteed to all Americans. Now we have a chance to repeal this unconsti-tutional rule and to protect those just trying to receive the Social Security benefits they have earned. I look forward to doing away with this particularly noxious rule soon, this week. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CALLING FOR A SPECIAL COUNSEL  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I am here principally to speak about the NICS Social Security Act, Congres-sional Review Act resolution that is before our Chamber, but events of the last 24 hours really raise before us the urgent and unavoidable issue of need-ing an investigation into the recent ac-tivities of Michael Flynn. He resigned as the National Security Advisor last night after revelations that he misled Vice President M
IKEPENCE and other top White House officials. He may have misled the President and others in the White House, but there are also very serious questions about who knew what when. These classic what did they know and when did they know it ques-tions must be answered by an inde-pendent counsel or commission, and the reason it must be independent is the same very profoundly important reason that I gave to then-Nominee Jeff Sessions, now Attorney General. The Attorney General must appoint a special counsel in cases where there is reason to question his complete impar-tiality and objectivity; the reality as well as the appearance mandate here that there be an independent investiga-tion by a special counsel. Only a special counsel, independent of the Attorney General and of the White House, can ask with penetrating, aggressive, unflinching analysis wheth-er the President knew before Michael Flynn made those phone calls to the Russian Ambassador and other phone calls to other foreign powers what the subjects of the conversations were, even whether they were going to be made, and only an independent counsel can know, with complete credibility and being regarded that way by the public, as to what happened and who knew what happened and when they knew. This issue is about more than just a phone call to the Russian Ambassador. It is about the integrity and honesty of public officials, about the protections we give to our intelligence, and about the independence of our justice system. I certainly have respect for the Office of Attorney General, but Jeff Sessions was deeply involved in President Trump’s campaign and in the Presi-dential transition. I expressed to him in the hearing on his nomination that he would have to distance himself from an investigation of exactly these issues to maintain impartiality and objec-tivity in that investigation. So I will write to him today, and the letter will be made public shortly, asking for an independent counsel, a special investi-gator who can produce the information that is necessary for the public to be assured that there has been an inquiry that is impartial, objective, com-prehensive, and thorough. It has to be unflinching and unstinting, and it should be done as soon as possible. Mr. President, I want to address the issue that is before us on the floor re-lating to the Congressional Review Act resolution that we will vote on shortly and in my view that will undermine ex-isting law if it is passed. Too many times in recent years we have had the terrible responsibility of bearing wit-ness to the trauma and grief that fol-low gun violence. We see it in our streets every day, not just in Sandy Hook, which every day weighs on our minds and thoughts and hearts in Con-necticut but the more than 30,000 deaths every year and countless injures all across the country in big and small towns, the streets of Hartford as well as rural and suburban communities. I am far from the only one in this Chamber who has borne witness to that trauma and grief. Gun violence has claimed too many lives in too many places, through mass shootings in movie theaters as well as the constant drumbeat of shootings that never make the headlines. Our constituents count on us to make them safe. That is one of the fundamental responsibilities of our government. And by overwhelming ma-jorities, including majorities of Repub-licans and of gun owners, they support commonsense steps to keep guns out of the hands of dangerous people. In fail-ing to move forward with legislation that would advance those goals, Con-gress has been complicit in this ongo-ing epidemic. It is truly a public health crisis. If more than 30,000 people died every year from disease or other kinds of communicable illnesses, there would be a call for drastic action. This kind of public health crisis must be met with strong steps. When many of us in this body who believe that Con-gress must now take action to stem the scourge of gun violence hear one re-frain from our colleagues—‘‘enforce the law; enforce the law that already ex-ists’’—we must heed that cry. Enforcing the law that already exists is exactly what this regulation entails. So we must be ready to move forward. Yet, as my friend and colleague Sen-ator M
URPHY noted earlier, the Con-gressional Review Act resolution we are about to vote on will not only fail to enforce existing law, it will under-mine existing law. Federal law pro-hibits those who have severe mental health issues—that is to say, issues that would prevent them from safely handling a gun, from possessing a gun. Federal law also requires agencies that have information indicating that people are disqualified from gun pos-session to share that information with the NICS background check system. Under this regulation, the Social Secu-rity Administration has proposed to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:06 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.020 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1151 February 14, 2017 
exactly that. Pursuant to the 2007 NICS Improvement Amendments Act—a law passed in the wake of the horrific Vir-ginia Tech shooting to address signifi-cant loopholes in the background check system—the Social Security Ad-ministration will submit records to NICS for Social Security recipients who meet a specific set of carefully de-fined criteria. The regulation will apply only to a subset of Social Secu-rity disability recipients. It does not apply to those who are receiving Social Security retirement benefits. It applies only to those disability recipients who have been found, based on the Social Security Administration’s established criteria, to be severely impaired due to a mental disability and who are there-fore unable to perform substantial work or manage their own disability benefits. Repealing this regulation could lead to great harm, exacerbating loopholes and failings in the background check system that erode public safety. I have a letter from the United States Conference of Mayors, which represents city leaders from across our country. It says that ‘‘due to loopholes in current law, too many mass mur-derers are still able to too easily obtain guns. This includes the individual re-sponsible for killing 32 people and in-juring 17 others at Virginia Tech in 2007 that led to the enactment of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act. These killings must stop and this rule, as implemented last year, will help to do that.’’ I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a letter from the United States Conference of Mayors, as well as a letter from the National League of Cities. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
THEUNITED STATES CONFERENCE  
OFMAYORS , February 9, 2017. D
EARSENATOR : I write on behalf of the na-tion’s Mayors to urge you to strongly oppose Senate Joint Resolution 14 (S.J. Res. 14), a bill to revoke a rule finalized last year by the Social Security Administration (SSA), which strengthens our nation’s background check system for gun purchases by adding the names of people who are severely inca-pacitated by their condition and unable to manage their own finances. The rule implements existing law, which required the SSA to send the names of those identified as prohibited people to the Na-tional Instant Background Check System (NICS). This rule finally brings SSA in com-pliance with the NICS Improvement Amend-ments Act (NIAA), a law that Congress passed on a bipartisan basis and President Bush signed into law in 2007. It also is con-sistent with ATF’s direction for complying with the law. The rule has a limited scope but is criti-cally important to the fabric of our nation’s background check system. Under the rule, people who receive benefits from the Social Security Administration due to a severe ‘‘mental impairment’’ and require a fidu-ciary representative to manage their bene-fits would be notified and reported to the FBI’s NICS. The rule affects anyone 18 and older who qualifies for disability because of a primary designation of ‘‘mental impair-ment’’ that prevents the person from work-ing and who must have a ‘‘representative payee’’ for handling his or her finances. This includes people who have been certified to be afflicted with severe mental health dis-orders, such as schizophrenia and other psy-chotic disorders, personality disorders, intel-lectual disabilities, anxiety-related dis-orders, substance addiction disorders and au-tistic disorders. These individuals have the right to appeal and a clear process for doing so. We all know that it is due to loopholes in current law that too many mass murderers are still able to too easily obtain guns. This includes the individual responsible for kill-ing 32 people and injuring 17 others at Vir-ginia Tech in 2007 that led to enactment of the NIAA. These killings must stop and this rule, as implemented last year, will help to do that. We urge you to help stop the killing and oppose S.J. Res. 14 or any other efforts to un-dermine or otherwise compromise the na-tional Brady background check system that has stopped over 3 million prohibited pur-chasers from acquiring guns since its enact-ment. Thank you for anticipated time and con-sideration of this critical matter. Sincerely, TOMCOCHRAN , CEO and Executive Director. 
NATIONAL LEAGUE OF CITIES , February 14, 2017. D
EARSENATOR : On behalf of the 19,000 cit-ies and towns represented by the National League of Cities, I write to express strong opposition to Senate Joint Resolution 14 (S.J. Res. 14) that will revoke a common-sense rule finalized last year by the Social Security Administration (SSA). The rule fi-nally brings the SSA in compliance with the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (NIAA), a law that Congress passed on a bi-partisan basis and President Bush signed into law in 2007. The law requires SSA to send the names of mentally ill people, who have been determined to be a danger to themselves or others by a physician, to the gun purchase background check system. It is troubling that Senate is now considering S.J. Res. 14, which threatens to undermine this reasonable, bipartisan legislation that is making cities, and police officers, more safe. The rule is limited in scope and critically important to the fabric of our nation’s back-ground check system. Under the rule, people who receive benefits from the Social Secu-rity Administration due to a severe ‘‘mental impairment’’ and require a fiduciary rep-resentative to manage their benefits would be notified and reported to the FBI’s NICS. The rule affects anyone 18 and older who qualifies for disability because of a primary designation of ‘‘mental impairment’’ that prevents the person from working and who must have a ‘‘representative payee’’ for han-dling his or her finances. This includes peo-ple who have been certified to be afflicted with severe mental health disorders, such as schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders, personality disorders, intellectual disabil-ities, anxiety-related disorders, substance addiction disorders and autistic disorders. Loopholes in the NICS law have allowed people who are clearly a danger to them-selves or others to obtain guns. This includes the individuals responsible for killing 32 peo-ple and injuring 17 others at Virginia Tech in 2007; killing six people and injuring 13 others, including Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords in Tucson in 2011; killing 12 people and injur-ing 70 others in Aurora in 2012; and killing 26 people, including 20 children in Newtown in 2012. These killings must stop and this rule, as implemented last year, will help to do that. We urge you to oppose S.J. Res. 14 or any other efforts to undermine or otherwise com-promise the national Brady background check system that has stopped over 3 million prohibited purchasers from acquiring guns since its enactment. Sincerely, CLARENCE E. A NTHONY , CEO and Executive Direct. 
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. It is critical to note that neither I nor any proponents of the Social Security Administration’s rule believe that all or most or even a significant percentage of those suf-fering from mental health issues are dangerous—far from it. The over-whelming majority of people who con-front mental health issues are peaceful and law-abiding citizens who seek only the treatment that should be everybody’s right. In fact, I have been a strong advocate over many years of mental health parity, beginning when I was attorney general in the State of Connecticut. The very first Federal law on this issue that was passed was mod-eled in many ways after the State law that I championed. I was proud to sup-port the passage of a bill last year to provide more resources to those seek-ing treatment, and I hope that it moves this country toward providing everyone with the care they need. Mental health issues should be no cause for fear, no reason for stigma, no excuse for shame. Those who have come forward and been open about the treatment they have sought, in fact, have done themselves and their com-munities and country a great service. If I thought SSA regulations unfairly targeted people with mental illness or that it advanced the perception that they are inherently dangerous, I would oppose it with every fiber of my being, but that is not the regulation we have here. As Senator D
URBIN said this morning and my colleague Senator M
URPHY re-iterated, this rule is not one loosely ap-plied to anyone who has some trouble balancing a checkbook; it applies only to those disability recipients with a se-rious and debilitating mental health issue. That is estimated to be about 75,000 people nationwide out of approxi-mately 10 million Americans who suf-fer from a serious mental illness. Ev-eryone who suffers from mental illness should have a right to treatment, but not all should have a gun. It is very un-likely that people who meet these cri-teria will be able to safely handle a gun or to safely store it in their home and prevent its misuse by themselves or by others. It is possible that SSA’s initial deter-mination will be wrong. That is why crucially—please understand—cru-cially the regulation also provides due process. In fact, these due process pro-tections are necessary when a constitu-tional right is at stake. This right, the Second Amendment right, must be re-spected as the law of the land. The reg-ulation entitles those who are affected 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.023 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1152 February 14, 2017 
by it to advanced notice. When going through the process to appoint some-one else to handle their benefits, they are told that they will forfeit their firearms right. They are given that no-tice, and they are given due process. If they believe this is inappropriate or unnecessary, the regulation gives them that process to appeal. It is one that allows SSA to grant relief upon a de-termination that the beneficiary will not be ‘‘dangerous to public safety,’’ a term that has meaning. SSA is also required to notify the NICS background check system if the name should be removed, whether it was submitted in error or because a beneficiary has recovered from the con-dition or because they were granted re-lief through the appeals process. Those are rights with real remedies, with due process, with fairness. If I thought this regulation failed to provide adequate process that every in-dividual is due, regardless of how much I support its goal, I would oppose it with, again, every fiber of my being be-cause it should be and it is the law of the land. Of course there may be ways that this regulation, like any regulation, could be improved if the criteria could be better targeted or if the due process protections could be made stronger or if the administration could be made more efficient. We should not hesitate to make those improvements. I would welcome suggestions for enhance-ments, but the methods chosen by my colleagues to attack this regulation— the Congressional Review Act—prevent any and all of those improvements. Severely limiting the time for debate denies us adequate consideration. Much worse, it is a blunt-force instrument that will prevent the Social Security Administration from issuing any ‘‘sub-stantially similar’’ regulation in the future. So the passage of this resolu-tion will prevent the SSA from com-plying with the legal requirement for submitting legal records for a back-ground check in the future. It will hamstring this agency and prevent it from fulfilling its obligation to public safety—that is regardless of whether new information comes to light or whether it would be possible to devise a better method of submitting these records. In the words of the well-known and respected group Americans for Respon-sible Solutions, using the CRA to undo this rule would ‘‘not only allow guns to be placed into the hands of individuals determined to be legally incapable of using them safely, but it also creates an irresponsible, irreversible prece-dent.’’ As I have always said, I will work with my colleagues on any good-faith steps to stem the tide of gun violence in this country, and I would be more than happy—in fact, I am eager—to work with them to fix flaws they see in this regulation. We need to come to-gether to improve the integrity and ef-ficiency of the national background check system and keep guns out of the hands of people who cannot safely han-dle them. People who are dangerous to themselves or others—it may be a very small number, but they can do great tragic damage. The resolution we will vote on shortly accomplishes neither of these goals. It does nothing to answer my constituents who ask me time and time again why Congress does nothing to confront the epidemic of gun vio-lence in this country. It would create an irresponsible, irreversible prece-dent. More important than the prece-dent is the consequence in real lives of the death and injury that could result. Those deaths and injuries are truly ir-reversible and irresponsible, and we can help to stop them by taking the right stand on this resolution. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
OEVEN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, it is Valentine’s Day, and Senate Repub-licans and President Trump want to de-liver a love letter to their sweetheart, the National Rifle Association. To the Republicans and President Trump, nothing says ‘‘I love you’’ like ‘‘let’s weaken background checks on gun sales’’ because that is exactly the issue before us today. Today, Republicans in Congress and President Trump want to gut a com-monsense safety measure that would help keep guns out of the hands of peo-ple who should not have them. After the tragedy in Newtown, CT, the Obama administration undertook a comprehensive review of Federal law to identify ‘‘potentially dangerous indi-viduals’’ who should not be trusted with firearms. The Social Security Administration was required to identify and report to the National Instant Criminal Back-ground Check System those people who received Social Security benefits due to severe mental impairment and who require a fiduciary representative to manage those benefits. That is a sensible policy. If you can’t manage your disability benefits be-cause of a mental impairment, you probably shouldn’t be trying to manage a gun. Indeed, current law prohibits in-dividuals from purchasing a firearm if a court, a board, a commission, or other lawful authority has determined that a mental health issue makes them a danger to themselves or to others or that they lack the mental capacity to contract or manage their own affairs. The purpose of the rule is, simply, to include in the Federal background check system information from the So-cial Security Administration that it al-ready has about beneficiaries whom current law already prohibits from pos-sessing a firearm. Even this fair, rea-sonable, and commonsense limitation on gun purchasing is too much for the NRA and its Republican congressional allies. So they have turned, this after-noon, to the Congressional Review Act to roll back this rule. By doing so, they would block the Social Security Ad-ministration from issuing a similar rule on this subject in the future. This is shortsighted on the one hand and very dangerous on the other for a long, long time in our country because it is these loopholes in the background check system that have already al-lowed people to obtain guns, despite being judged a danger to themselves or to others, especially family members. Loopholes in the system allowed the Virginia Tech, Tucson, Aurora, and Newtown shooters to obtain guns. We need to close loopholes like the ones that allow people who are mentally im-paired from buying guns. Repealing this rule only keeps the loophole open. Recent polls show that 92 percent of Americans support background checks for all gun buyers—including 87 percent of Republicans in our country support background checks on who is, in fact, purchasing a gun in our country—but not the National Rifle Association. The National Rifle Association sent an ac-tion alert to its membership on this current attempt to repeal the back-ground check rule stating: ‘‘The first pro-gun legislative act of the Trump era and Congress is on the verge of suc-cess, but it needs your help to get it over the line.’’ That is all you need to know. So on this Valentine’s Day, the U.S. Senate should show some real love and compassion. Let us open our hearts to the American people who overwhelm-ingly are demanding commonsense gun control efforts like the one this rule puts in place. Let us defeat this ill-ad-vised effort to roll back this rule which keeps guns out of the hands of people who should not have them. This is the job of the Congress. This is the carnage we see in America. It is the indiscriminate issuing of licenses for guns to people who have not gone through the background checks that ensure they are qualified for the han-dling of a weapon within our society. Everyone else can get the weapon. Ev-eryone else who goes through the check gets the weapon but not people who should not have them. So this is a big moment here. It, un-fortunately, gives an insight into what the Republican agenda is going to be this year. It is a radical agenda. It is an agenda which says to the National Rifle Association: We are going to pass your agenda, no matter how radical, out here on the floor of the Senate. What the American people are saying is they want the NRA to stand for ‘‘not relevant anymore’’ in American poli-tics. That is what they want it to say, especially with the polling so over-whelmingly bipartisan, Democrats and Republicans, in terms of commonsense 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.024 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1153 February 14, 2017 
background checks that are in the law to protect innocent families in our country. All I can say is this isn’t anything that is radical, this regulation. It is something that is common sense. It is something that protects American families, and I urge strongly that the U.S. Senate reject the removal of this regulation from the statutes of our country. Mr. President, I yield back the re-mainder of my time. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, today I wish to urge support for H.J. Res. 40. The Second Amendment to our U.S. Constitution reads, ‘‘A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be in-fringed.’’ The fact that our Nation’s Founding Father’s penned this con-stitutional right to follow another cen-tral freedom—the constitutional right to free speech—speaks to the impor-tance of this basic right. H.J. Res. 40, the resolution currently under consideration, would protect So-cial Security beneficiaries from having their constitutional rights arbitrarily revoked by the Social Security Admin-istration. As a cosponsor of the Senate companion resolution introduced by Senator G
RASSLEY , I support this criti-cally important effort. The resolution would halt a rule issued by the Social Security Administration in the waning days of the outgoing Obama adminis-tration. The previous administration, I might add, continuously sought to take away the Second Amendment rights of Americans through Executive orders and rulemaking. This is yet another example of an unjust leftover of that effort that needs to be corrected. In De-cember 2016, under the direction of the Executive branch, the Social Security Administration issued a final rule to gather and submit information to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System, NICS, on individuals who are determined to be what NICS refers to as ‘‘mentally deficient.’’ In this case, a person can be reported to NICS simply for using a representative payee in managing their benefits. It is not uncommon for the Social Se-curity Administration to appoint someone to act as representative payee for a beneficiary who may need assist-ance to manage their benefits. The use of a representative payee is not indic-ative of mental deficiency. In fact, over 8 million beneficiaries need help man-aging their benefits, according to the Social Security Administration. Stat-ute requires that, for an individual to be deemed ‘‘mentally deficient,’’ a court, board, or other lawful authority must find that the person is a danger to themselves or others or is unable to contract or manage their own affairs. Under the rule that went into effect last week, SSA will be required to re-port individuals who have been ap-pointed a representative payee to NICS. The Social Security Administra-tion is not a court of law, and SSA offi-cers are not a ‘‘lawful authority.’’ Equally alarming is the lack of an es-tablished appeals process to enable the removal of names from the system once entered. The Administration’s lack of regard for due process is unac-ceptable. We must reject the Obama adminis-tration’s improper assumption that in-dividuals are a danger to themselves or society because they participate in SSA’s representative payee system. A January 2016 White House fact sheet estimated that SSA’s rule would add 75,000 beneficiaries to the NICS list each year. The number of law-abiding individuals who will be added to the NICS list will likely be much higher. Thousands, if not millions, of Ameri-cans stand to lose their Second Amend-ment rights. Over 91,000 comments were submitted to the Social Security Administration following the publication of the pro-posed NICS rule. I, along with several of my colleagues, wrote the Social Se-curity Administration on four occa-sions to express our concerns about the proposed rule. Our concerns, and the concerns of 91,000 Americans, were clearly not factored into the rule-making process. Old age does not make someone a threat to society, and having a rep-resentative payee is not grounds to re-voke constitutional rights. Millions of seniors are at risk of having their Sec-ond Amendment rights arbitrarily re-voked on behalf of an Executive that is no longer in office. This is a brazen at-tack on our constitutional right to keep and bear arms. Please join me in stopping this outrageous rule that was finalized in the waning weeks of a lameduck administration. Join me in protecting the constitutional rights of law-abiding citizens. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Who yields time? If no one yields time, time will be charged equally to both sides. The Senator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, we have a very bad regulation that has been put out by the Social Security Administration that needs to be oblit-erated, so we are using a process called the Congressional Review Act to show Congress’s displeasure with the Social Security Administration and to get this regulation off the books. Now, there has been a lot of talk about how the Congressional Review Act is the wrong vehicle to repeal the disastrous regulation. So I want to quote a contrary opinion from the Na-tional Coalition for Mental Health Re-covery saying this: 
The CRA— 
Meaning the Congressional Review Act— 
is a powerful mechanism for controlling reg-ulatory overreach, and NCMHR urges its use advisedly and cautiously. In this particular case, the potential for real harm to the con-stitutional rights of people with psychiatric and intellectual disabilities is grave as is the potential to undermine the essential mission of an agency that millions of people with and without disabilities rely upon to meet their basic needs. Therefore, in this instance, NCMHR feels that utilizing the CRA to re-peal the final rule is not only warranted, but necessary. I would add to it that it is obviously necessary. I ask unanimous consent that the letter be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NATIONAL COALITION FOR  M
ENTAL HEALTH RECOVERY , Washington, DC, January 29, 2017. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Senate Majority Leader, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HUCK SCHUMER , Senate Minority Leader, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL AND  M
INORITY LEADER SCHUMER : I write on behalf of the National Coalition for Mental Health Recovery (NCMHR) regarding the final rule the Social Security Administration (SSA) released on December 19th, 2016, imple-menting provisions of the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS) Improvement Amendments Act of 2007, 81 FR 91702. In accordance with our mandate to advise the President, Congress, and other federal agencies regarding policies, programs, prac-tices, and procedures that affect people with disabilities, NCMHR submitted comments to SSA on the proposed rule. In our comments, we cautioned against implementation of the proposed rule because there is no causal con-nection between the inability to manage money and the ability to safely and respon-sibly own, possess or use a firearm. This ar-bitrary linkage not only unnecessarily and unreasonably deprives individuals with dis-abilities of a constitutional right, it in-creases the stigma for those who, due to their disabilities, may need a representative payee. Despite our objections and that of many other individuals and organizations received by SSA regarding the proposed rule, the final rule released in late December was largely unchanged. Because of the importance of the constitutional right at stake and the very real stigma that this rule legitimizes, NCMHR recommends that Congress consider utilizing the Congressional Review Act (CRA) to repeal this rule. NCMHR is a nonpartisan, is nonpartisan nonprofit with no stated position with re-spect to gun-ownership or gun-control other than our long-held position that restrictions on gun possession or ownership based on psy-chiatric or intellectual disability must be based on a verifiable concern as to whether the individual poses a heightened risk of danger to themselves or others if they are in possession of a weapon. Additionally, it is critically important that any restriction on gun possession or ownership on this basis is imposed only after the individual has been afforded due process and given an oppor-tunity to respond to allegations that they are not able to safely possess or own a fire-arm due to his or her disability. NCMHR be-lieves that SSA’s final rule falls far short of meeting these criteria. The CRA is a powerful mechanism for con-trolling regulatory overreach, and NCMHR urges its use advisedly and cautiously. In this particular case, the potential for real harm to the constitutional rights of people with psychiatric and intellectual disabilities is grave as is the potential to undermine the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.026 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1154 February 14, 2017 
essential mission of an agency that millions of people with and without disabilities rely upon to meet their basic needs. Therefore, in this instance, NCMHR feels that utilizing the CRA to repeal the final rule is not only warranted, but necessary. Sincerely, D
ANIEL B. F ISHER , MD, PhD, Chair NCMHR. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, there has also been talk about how sup-posedly dangerous it will be if this So-cial Security regulation is terminated. I don’t see how that can possibly be re-alistic if the Social Security Adminis-tration doesn’t even determine whether a person is dangerous in the first place—and ‘‘dangerous’’ meaning in re-gard to whether or not they ought to be able to make use of the constitu-tional right of the Second Amendment to own and possess firearms. Others in this debate continue to mention that mentally ill people will be able to acquire firearms. Now this is very important. The Social Security Administration does not determine a person to be mentally ill prior to re-porting their names to the gun ban list, and being on the list denies you your constitutional rights. The agency has confirmed this in writing to my of-fice: 
Yes, you are correct. The Social Security Administration does not diagnose individ-uals as mentally ill. 
Supporters of this gun ban failed to address why individuals are not pro-vided formal due process before report-ing their name to the list. Supporters have also failed to talk about how the regulation is inconsistent with the statutory standard of ‘‘mental defec-tive.’’ An existing statute requires agencies to report individuals to the gun ban list who are ineligible under current law for possessing firearms. That re-quirement does not require the exist-ence of any regulation to be effective. So it is plainly wrong to claim, as was said this very day by the people op-posed to what we are doing, that if the regulation is disapproved, agencies will no longer have to report prohibited persons. The reverse, in fact, is true. The regulation usurps unlawful au-thority to report people to the gun ban list who are not barred from owning guns under current law and that the agency is prohibited from reporting under current law, especially without the adjudication that is required under current law. Opponents of the regulation base their opposition on the language of the regulation, existing law, and the Con-stitution, citing the Constitution to say that you don’t have a constitu-tional right to own arms under the Second Amendment, which is contrary to two recent Supreme Court decisions that verify that that applies to an indi-vidual. That is why the regulation’s supporters must resort to arguments that lack legal and factual foundation. Supporters of this gun ban also fail to address how overly broad this regu-lation is, as written. It will capture in-nocent Americans, denying innocent Americans their constitutional rights. Sadly, then, we know how this will play out if this regulation were allowed to go forward because we have the ex-ample of the Department of Veterans Affairs reporting hundreds of thou-sands of veterans to the National In-stant Criminal Background Check Sys-tem without adequate due process. That is the same system that Social Security was going to report people to. Veterans were reported just because some lonely bureaucrat wanted to re-port them, with no opportunity to first have a neutral authority hold a hear-ing, finding that that individual is dan-gerous or actually has a dangerous con-dition. These were veterans who needed financial help managing their benefit payments. It is common sense that needing help with your finances should not mean that you have surrendered a funda-mental constitutional right of self-de-fense that you have under the Second Amendment. Just like the Social Security Admin-istration, the VA does not determine whether a veteran is dangerous before reporting his name to the gun ban list and denying that veteran his Second Amendment constitutional rights to own and possess firearms. The VA reg-ulation is eerily similar to what the Social Security Administration wants to do. On May 17, 2016, Senator D
URBIN and I debated my amendment that would require the Department of Veterans Af-fairs to first find veterans to be a dan-ger before reporting their names to the gun ban list. Now that is common sense; isn’t it? You ought to find out if they are really dangerous before they are denied a constitutional right. During the course of that debate, Senator D
URBIN admitted that the list was broader than it should have been. He said: 
I do not dispute what the Senator from Iowa suggested, that some of these veterans may be suffering from a mental illness not serious enough to disqualify them from own-ing a firearm, but certainly many of them do. 
Senator D URBIN also said: 
Let me just concede at the outset, report-ing 174,000 names goes too far, but elimi-nating— 
As my legislation proposed to do— 
174,000 names goes too far. 
For the record, though, it wasn’t really 174,000 names going too far. It was actually 260,381 names that the VA sent to the gun ban list. Now that hap-pens to be 98.8 percent of all names that are in the alleged ‘‘mental defec-tive’’ category. The Department of Veterans Affairs reported more names by far than any other agency without sufficient jus-tification. Senator D
URBIN ’s staff and mine have met over these issues since that debate, and I appreciate and thank him for that outreach. Now we have the Social Security Ad-ministration problem and, through the Congressional Review Act, we can do something about it. We don’t have to pass a separate piece of legislation, like we are going to have to do to straighten out the VA. So the Social Security Administration is about to make the same mistake as the VA un-less we stop it right here and right now. If this regulation is not repealed, the agency has informed my staff that ap-proximately 15,000 to 75,000 bene-ficiaries of Social Security may be re-ported annually, denying them their constitutional right to bear, possess, and own firearms. That figure of 15,000 or even more so—the higher figure of 75,000—will add up very quickly. In my earlier speech today on this topic, I made clear that the agency reg-ulation is defective in many ways; namely, the regulation does not re-quire the agency to find a person dan-gerous or mentally ill. The regulation provides no formal hearing before a person is reported to the gun ban list. Supporters have also said that repeal of this regulation will interfere with enforcement of gun prohibition laws. Such a position is without any merit— denying people constitutional due process. As I made clear in my earlier speech, important Federal gun laws are still on the books, even if the agency rule is re-pealed. This is so because this new reg-ulation is actually inconsistent with those existing Federal gun laws. For example, individuals who have been de-termined to be dangerous or mentally ill will be prohibited, as will those con-victed of a felony or a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence, and the same for those involuntarily com-mitted to mental institutions. While discussing the faults and de-fects of the rule, I think it is important to highlight that the issues I have pointed out are also the solution to the problem. If the supporters of the agen-cy rule want the Social Security Ad-ministration to report individuals to the gun ban list, changes need to be made. Individuals must first be deter-mined by a neutral authority after a fair hearing meeting the requirements of the U.S. Constitution. If they are dangerous and have a dangerous men-tal illness, then they could constitu-tionally be denied that right. Constitu-tional due process is a very important part of that process. If we do not act, the agency will erro-neously report tens of thousands of people per year to the gun ban list, and not one of them will have been adju-dicated to be dangerous after a hearing with due process, not one of them will have been adjudicated to be mentally ill after a hearing with due process, and all of them will have had the gov-ernment’s burden shifted to them to prove they are not dangerous in order to get their name off the gun ban list. It is common sense, isn’t it? It ought to be that you are innocent until prov-en guilty. If you can’t have a gun, com-mon sense tells me you ought not have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:16 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.011 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1155 February 14, 2017 
to prove that you can have a gun to the government; the government has to prove that you should not have a gun. Any way you look at it, the regu-latory scheme is patently unfair. If the government wants to regulate fire-arms, it needs to produce a clearly de-fined regulation that is very narrowly tailored to identify individuals who are actually dangerous and who actually have a dangerous mental illness. The government must also afford constitu-tional due process. What we are dealing with here is a fundamental constitutional right backed up by two Supreme Court deci-sions in the last 10 years. With that type of constitutional status, the Sec-ond Amendment requires greater effort and greater precision from the govern-ment in order to fairly regulate how the American people exercise that con-stitutional right. This regulation sim-ply doesn’t meet that standard. I urge my colleagues to support the resolution of disapproval. Mr. President, I don’t know whether anybody else is coming to seek the floor. If I am infringing upon somebody else’s time, I will yield the floor, but in the meantime, I ask unanimous con-sent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I rise today to discuss some criticism I have heard about the nominee to fill the seat on the Supreme Court. That nomi-nee is Neil Gorsuch. My colleague, the minority leader, met with the nominee last week. After-ward, he told reporters that he had ‘‘se-rious, serious concerns’’ about the judge. Well, I guess I shouldn’t be sur-prised—after all, it seems the minority leader had concerns about the nominee even before the nominee was an-nounced. Before Judge Gorsuch was an-nounced, the minority leader made clear that any nominee must be ‘‘main-stream.’’ But it became clear imme-diately that this nominee is widely re-garded as a mainstream judge with im-peccable credentials. Liberal law pro-fessor Laurence Tribe says that ‘‘he’s a brilliant, terrific guy who would do the Court’s work with distinction.’’ Alan Dershowitz, who certainly is no con-servative, says that Judge Gorsuch will be ‘‘hard to oppose on the merits.’’ Even President Obama’s Acting Solic-itor General, Neal Katyal, said Judge Gorsuch ‘‘would help to restore con-fidence in the rule of law.’’ The chorus goes on. Apparently, because the nominee is so obviously mainstream, the bench-mark for my colleague’s concerns keeps changing. The minority leader has conveniently developed a new test. Now he says the benchmark is inde-pendence: ‘‘The bar for the Supreme Court nominee to prove that they can be independent, has never, never been higher.’’ Well, fortunately for the minority leader, Judge Gorsuch passes that bar with flying colors, just like he passed the ‘‘mainstream’’ test with flying col-ors. The nominee’s record makes clear that he is an independent and fair-minded judge who is deeply committed to the separation of powers. Here is just one example from his many opinions on this point. Just last year, Judge Gorsuch had to decide a case about the authority of the Board of Immigration Appeals, or the BIA, which answers to the Attorney Gen-eral. The BIA wanted to change the At-torney General’s power to waive immi-gration requirements for illegal immi-grants, and it wanted the new rules to apply to undocumented immigrants whose waiver applications were already in the works. The nominee said no to this executive agency. To be clear, Judge Gorsuch was asked to decide whether an executive agency in charge of immigration laws could change the law on a whim in a way that many be-lieved was unfair to immigrants who had already sought waivers. He said no. With due respect to my friend the mi-nority leader, there is no doubt that Judge Gorsuch would say no to this or any other part of the executive branch that oversteps its bounds. Here is what the nominee wrote about the separation of powers and ex-ecutive branch overreach. For him to defer to the executive agency in that case would be ‘‘more than a little dif-ficult to square with the Constitution of the framers’ design.’’ That is be-cause doing so would allow agency bu-reaucracy to ‘‘swallow huge amounts of core judicial and legislative power,’’ which the Constitution assigns to sepa-rate branches of government. So the nominee was concerned about the sepa-ration of powers. He was concerned about people whose liberties might be impaired, and because of those con-cerns, he said no to the immigration agency’s policy whim of the day. Judge Michael McConnell, a former colleague of Judge Gorsuch on the Tenth Circuit, makes the same obser-vation about this case. He says the scope of executive power arguably ‘‘will be the most common Supreme Court issue of the coming decade.’’ He says the nominee analyzes that issue in a way that is faithful to the Constitu-tion and to the independence of the ju-diciary, and he points to the nominee’s thinking on this question. Judge Gorsuch wrote: 
What would happen . . . if the political ma-jorities who run the legislative and execu-tive branches could decide cases and con-troversies over past facts? They might be tempted to bend existing laws, to reinterpret them . . . [this would] risk the possibility that unpopular groups might be singled out for this sort of mistreatment—and [would] rais[e] along the way, too, grave due process, fair notice, and equal protection problems. . . . It was to avoid dangers like these, dan-gers the founders had studied and seen real-ized in their own time, that they pursued the separation of powers. 
That is the writing of an independent judge who believes in the separation of powers. You know, there is a bit of irony to some of the criticism I have heard lev-eled against Judge Gorsuch. On the one hand, I have heard that he will have to be independent and that he won’t rubberstamp the President’s agenda. On the other hand, I have heard that he will be way too tough on the executive branch as it fulfills the President’s agenda. It is quite obvious that, com-mon sense tells us as we look at those two arguments that we can’t have it both ways. Judge Gorsuch has shown he is faith-ful to the separation of powers in the Constitution. That means he will be an independent judge who will say no when the other branches of government overreach. You don’t need to take my word for it. Listen to President Obama’s Acting Solicitor General, Neal Katyal. He is no fan of the President’s Executive order, but he says that Judge Gorsuch ‘‘will not compromise principle to favor the President who appointed him.’’ Instead, the Solicitor General said the nominee ‘‘would help to re-store confidence in the rule of law.’’ Judge Gorsuch’s record and reputa-tion leave no room to doubt that he is a mainstream, independent judge. He will apply the law fairly, and he won’t be afraid to say no when the Constitu-tion requires it. Every time my colleague the minor-ity leader has set out a standard for filling this Supreme Court seat, this judge has met it. He is mainstream. He is independent. And when my colleague chooses a new standard, I bet the nomi-nee will also meet that new standard. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. JOHNSON ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
REMEMBERING AL BOSCOV  
Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to pay tribute to a Penn-sylvanian who passed away this past week, Al Boscov. Al was known not only in Pennsyl-vania, but beyond, as the owner of Boscov’s Department Stores, a very, very successful retail department store chain. I rise not just to pay tribute to his life, his work, and his success but, most importantly, what he meant to the people of Pennsylvania—all that he did above and beyond in addition to his great business success. I want to extend condolences to the Boscov family—to his wife Eunice, their children and grandchildren, and, of course, to the people of Reading and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.032 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1156 February 14, 2017 
Berks County, and, by extension, our entire Commonwealth because of what Al meant to his community and the larger community in eastern Pennsyl-vania but also all the way up to my home area of northeastern Pennsyl-vania. I live in Scranton. One of his stores was, and still is, in the downtown busi-ness district in Scranton. So this is personal to me as well. Al leaves two generations who will carry on his legacy in so many ways: his three daughters, Ruth, Ellen, and Meg, and his five grandchildren. Al was born on September 22, 1929. He was the youngest son of Solomon and Ethel Boscov. He first made a name for himself as an expert flycatcher in his father’s neighborhood store at Ninth and Pike. In those days, when he was just learning skills that would help him later in the business world, obvi-ously people could see a great future for this young man. He was a graduate of Reading Senior High School. He also graduated with a business degree from Drexel Univer-sity, where he started his first busi-ness—a delivery service for hero sand-wiches—which would presage a great career in business. Al received an honorary doctor of hu-manities degree from Albright College in Reading, a doctor of arts and letters degree from King’s College in Wilkes- Barre, PA, and, finally, a doctor of pub-lic service from Kutztown University. So three distinguished Pennsylvania universities paid tribute to him by way of a doctorate degree. He served in the Navy during the Ko-rean war. After service, Al returned home to join the family business and, in 1962, opened Boscov’s first full-serv-ice department store, Boscov’s West, in suburban Reading. Since that time, the Boscov chain has become the largest family-owned department store chain in the Nation, with 45 stores in 7 States, employing some 7,500 cowork-ers. Here is what Al said about his store, which shows the attitude he conveyed as a businessperson and a member of the community. When he talked about people visiting his stores, he said: 
We like to give people a reason for coming to Boscov’s even when they don’t want to buy anything. They enjoy themselves and hopefully we make a friend. 
What a great attitude for any busi-ness leader, especially one who opened his business in the town in which he grew up. Al’s family remains especially proud of his continual efforts to fight preju-dice and promote cultural under-standing. For example, at times of growing racial tension in Reading years ago, Al used his three Reading stores to present a heritage festival, providing the opportunity for the Afri-can-American community to share var-ious aspects of Black culture, whether food, art, writing, or entertainment. Similarly, Al Boscov presented a Puerto Rican heritage festival in both his Reading and Lebanon stores—Leb-anon being in the middle of Pennsyl-vania—again, bringing together the Hispanic, White, and Black commu-nities with a theme of ‘‘Knowing is Un-derstanding.’’ His belief that we all must take time to know each other and to take care of each other remains as one of the most important and, his family hopes, lasting legacies. As the chairman of Boscov’s, Al set new standards for successful retailing, community involvement, and civic duty. He founded and led the nonprofit Our City Reading, Inc., to assist Read-ing in restoring abandoned homes and to bring about a resurgence in down-town Reading. Under his leadership, more than 600 families had the oppor-tunity to own and live in a new home. He led the efforts to equip a senior citi-zens center in downtown Reading. The Horizon Center provides seniors with hot meals and activities. I could go on and on, but I will not this afternoon. It is clear from his life that he was very successful. It is also clear from his life that he gave and gave, not only to his home community of Reading, but well beyond. I know from my own per-sonal experience what he did for north-eastern Pennsylvania, for Lackawanna County, Luzerne County, and a lot of other counties as well. So we are thinking of Al Boscov today, remembering his generosity, re-membering his legacy, and remem-bering the many contributions he made to the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following leader remarks on Wednesday, Feb-ruary 15, there be 10 minutes of debate remaining, equally divided, on H.J. Res. 40; that the resolution be read a third time, and the Senate vote on pas-sage of the joint resolution without in-tervening action or debate; further, that following disposition of H.J. Res. 40, there be 10 minutes of debate, equal-ly divided, prior to a vote on the mo-tion to invoke cloture on Executive Calendar 16, M
ICKMULVANEY to be the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, and if cloture is invoked, time be counted as if invoked at 1 a.m. that day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, there will be no more votes this evening. We will have two votes tomor-row morning. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I rise to engage in a colloquy with my colleague the senior Senator from Texas. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I think a little background will be helpful. The Social Security Administration has promulgated a rule regarding when its employees should be sending names to be added to the NICS system. The NICS system is the system by which a per-son, when they are added to it, may not legally possess a firearm. The rule has been finalized, but it has not yet gone into effect. It is scheduled to go into effect on December 19 this year. I wish to say, I think the rule has the right intention. Under Federal statute, the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 stipulates that every quarter each Federal agency must send to the Attorney General any information it has showing that any person is disqualified from possessing a gun. Each agency also has the responsi-bility to correct or update any infor-mation it sends to the Attorney Gen-eral. There is no question the Social Security Administration has a duty to send information to the NICS system. The purpose of the rule is to send to NICS the names of individuals who are dangerously mentally ill and thus are not legally entitled to a firearm. There are some protections that are provided in this rule. For instance, under the rule promulgated by the Social Secu-rity Administration, a third party can-not get a gun owner declared mentally ill without the gun owner’s knowledge or consent. Under this rule, the indi-vidual has to file a disability claim for himself or herself. The rule provides some mechanisms for individuals to challenge their inclu-sion in the NICS system if they wish to do so. There is serious disagreement and confusion about some other very important aspects of this rule. For instance, I have heard from advo-cates for people with disabilities. They are very concerned that the list of mental illnesses, for instance, is to too expansive and might very well sweep in people who have mental health issues but are not at all dangerous to them-selves or to others. These advocates for people with dis-abilities have also expressed the con-cern that the rule doesn’t require that a medical professional actually be in-volved in the determination of whether a person is dangerously mentally ill. These disability rights advocates raise the concern that an agency bu-reaucrat without any medical expertise could potentially add someone to the NICS system without a doctor being in-volved and without that person being in any way dangerous. These advocates also argue that there is not a sufficient process for in-dividuals who are wrongly denied their Second Amendment rights. For in-stance, under the rule, it appears it could take years for an individual to adjudicate this question if there was a case of mistaken identity or they were deemed to have a mental health issue that they challenged. It could take years for them to resolve. All that time they would be disqualified from owning a firearm. Even if that individual pre-vailed and it turned out that the Social 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.034 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1157 February 14, 2017 
Security Administration had mistak-enly put them in the NICS system, their legal fees would still have to be incurred by the individual, despite the fact that they had no responsibility for this. I agree something ought to be done in this area, but I am not fully con-fident this rule gets it exactly right. My preferred outcome here, my ideal, would be for the Social Security Ad-ministration to produce a new rule— one that takes into account these le-gitimate concerns that have been raised, especially by people in the dis-ability rights community. I would look forward to working with the Social Se-curity Administration, and I could very well support such a rule, and I would support such a rule if they ad-dressed these things properly. I would further say that we have time to do this. As I mentioned earlier, while the rule has been finalized, it has not yet gone into effect. It doesn’t go into effect until December 19 of this year. We have over 10 months to recon-sider and get this right. Some have suggested, wait a minute, we will never have a chance to redo this if we pass the Congressional Re-view Act, which repeals this rule be-cause it will preclude the Social Secu-rity Administration from promulgating a new version of the rule. People say that because the Congres-sional Review Act states that if we enact this resolution of disapproval ‘‘a new rule that is substantially the same as such a rule may not be issued.’’ It is my opinion that a new rule issued by the Social Security Adminis-tration that addresses appropriately the concerns I mentioned would cer-tainly not be substantially the same as the current rule. It would be a very dif-ferent rule. Since it would not be sub-stantially the same, it would be per-missible under the Congressional Re-view Act for the Social Security Ad-ministration to correct these flaws and come up with a new rule. I want to ask the senior Senator from Texas, the majority whip and a member of the Senate Judiciary Com-mittee, is it your opinion that if subse-quent to passage of the Congressional Review Act with respect to this rule, if the Social Security Administration promulgated a new rule that met the standards I have set forth, that in that case, the new rule would not be sub-stantially the same as the current rule and therefore would not be precluded by passage of the Congressional Review Act; is that the opinion of the Senator from Texas? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I agree with my friend and colleague from Pennsylvania. If the Social Security Administration were to amend the rule to include the front-end due process and a finding of dangerous mental ill-ness, that would be a fundamentally different rule that is not substantially similar. Under the current rule, merely filing for a disability benefit on the grounds of a condition, for example, like anx-iety can trigger a permanent depriva-tion of constitutional rights without any physician or adjudicative body finding the person is dangerously men-tally ill. I certainly agree with the concerns raised by my friend and our colleague from Pennsylvania that the rule he is describing would not be substantially similar to the rule currently in effect and that would be no bar to the Social Security Administration writing a sub-stitute rule in accordance with the views he has expressed. There may still be a few differences between us in terms of what exactly the rule would be, but there is no dis-tance between us in terms of the con-clusion that a replacement rule that provides for due process would not be substantially similar and would not be barred under the Congressional Review Act. Mr. TOOMEY. I thank the Senator from Texas for joining me in this dis-cussion. We certainly share the view about the possibility of a future dif-ferent rule, and I look forward to work-ing with the Senator from Texas as well as people at the Social Security Administration to achieve that. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. CORNYN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
UBIO). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RUSSIAN ATROCITIES IN ALEPPO Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, we have heard a lot about President Trump’s admiration of Russian President Vladi-mir Putin, whom most objective ob-servers regard as a murderous thug and a kleptocrat. As we consider the Presi-dent’s statements lauding Putin for being a ‘‘strong leader’’ and his silence about the imprisonment and assassina-tions of Putin’s critics and Russia’s in-vasion of Ukraine, annexation of Cri-mea, and atrocities in Syria, I am re-minded of the remarks delivered on De-cember 13 by Samantha Power, former Permanent Representative to the United Nations, at the U.N. Security Council. Ambassador Power delivered a pas-sionate appeal to the Security Council to take action to protect civilians under assault in Aleppo, including to hold in contempt the governments of Syria, Russia, and Iran for their war crimes in Syria. Her remarks stand as a stark contrast to what we are hear-ing from the White House today. This is a time to condemn Vladmir Putin’s aggressions against the people of Rus-sia, of Ukraine, and of Syria—not to re-gard him as an example of a leader to emmulate. It is also a time for Republicans to stand up for our own democracy, after the Russian Government, at Putin’s di-rection, actively sought to sway the outcome of the U.S. Presidential elec-tion. The unanimous conclusion of U.S. intelligence agencies is that Putin, a former KGB agent, ordered a cyber at-tack on our electoral system in favor of Donald Trump. Russia’s goals ‘‘were to undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process, denigrate Sec-retary Clinton, and harm her electability and potential presidency.’’ Yet the White House and Republican leaders in Congress have been silent, apparently unconcerned about a for-eign assault on our electoral system, refusing to even support an inde-pendent investigation. Imagine what they would be saying if their candidate had lost. They would be demanding a new election and trying to shut down the government. I ask unanmious consent that Am-bassador Power’s remarks be printed in the RECORD to serve as a reminder of the scale of the humanitarian disaster in Syria perpetrated by Bashar al- Assad and Vladimir Putin and our moral obligation to pursue account-ability for those responsible. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Remarks at a UN Security Council Emer-gency Briefing on Syria Ambassador Samantha Power U.S. Permanent Representative to the United Nations U.S. Mission to the United Nations New York City December 13, 2016 
AS DELIVERED  Thank you. Here is what is happening right now in eastern Aleppo. Syrians trapped by the fighting are sending out their final ap-peals for help, or they are saying their good-byes. A doctor named Mohammad Abu Rajab left a voice message: ‘‘This is a final distress call to the world. Save the lives of these chil-dren and women and old men. Save them. Nobody is left. You might not hear our voice after this.’’ A photographer named Ameen Al-Halabi wrote on Facebook: ‘‘I am waiting to die or be captured by the Assad regime. Pray for me and always remember us.’’ A teacher named Abdulkafi Al-Hamdo said: ‘‘I can tweet now but I might not do it forever. Please save my daughter’s life and others. This is a call from a father.’’ Another doctor told a journalist: ‘‘Remember that there was a city called Aleppo that the world erased from the map and history.’’ This is what is happening in eastern Alep-po. This is what is being done by Member States of the United Nations who are sitting around this horseshoe table today. This is what is being done to the people of eastern 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.035 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1158 February 14, 2017 
Aleppo, to fathers, and mothers, and sons, and daughters, brothers, and sisters like each of us here. It is extremely hard to get information, of course, out of the small area still held by the opposition. You will hear this as an alibi as a way of papering over what video testi-mony, phone calls, and others are bringing us live. You will hear this invoked—that it is hard to verify. It is deliberate. The Assad re-gime and Russia backed by Iran using mili-tia on the ground have done everything they can to cut off the city. So you will hear, ‘‘well, we don’t really know, maybe it’s made up’’—but they are hiding what is happening from the world. It would be easy for inde-pendent investigators to get in along with food, health workers, and others; but in-stead, the perpetrators are hiding their bru-tal assault from the world willfully. But con-sider the accounts that have made it out—so many of them—first responders describing children’s voices from beneath the rubble of collapsed buildings. There are no first re-sponders or equipment left to dig them out, and no doctors left to treat them. Bodies lying in the streets of eastern Aleppo, but no one dares collect them, for fear of getting bombed or shot to death in the process. Up to a hundred children are reportedly trapped right now, in a building under heavy fire. Terrorists. Clearly—young children—they must be terrorists because everybody being executed, everybody being barrel bombed, everybody who’s been chlorine attacked, you’re going to be told they are all terror-ists—every last one of them, even the in-fants. The regime of Bashar Al-Assad, Russia, Iran, and their affiliated militia are the ones responsible for what the UN called ‘‘a com-plete meltdown of humanity.’’ And they are showing no mercy: No mercy despite their territorial con-quests—even now, no mercy. In the last 24 hours alone, pro-Assad forces reportedly killed at least 82 civilians, including 11 women and 13 children. These forces are reportedly entering homes and executing civilians on the spot, as we have heard. And according to the Office for the High Commissioner for Human Rights, foreign militias like Iraqi Harakat Al- Nujaba organization are involved in these killings. Where civilians are able to run the gauntlet and make it across the frontlines, Syrian intelligence agencies are pulling peo-ple aside and sending them away, perhaps to be gang-pressed to the front lines, likely to the same prisons where we know the Assad regime tortures and executes those in its custody. In light of these reports, we join others, es-pecially the Secretary-General, in one of his final appeals, reiterating our call to the Assad regime and Russia to stop their as-sault on Aleppo, to protect civilians. We call on Russia and Assad to allow impartial, international observers into the city to over-see the safe evacuation of the people who wish to leave, but who justifiably fear that if they try, they will be shot in the street or carted off to one of Assad’s gulags. The Assad regime and Russia appear dead set on seizing every last square inch of Alep-po by force, no matter how many innocent bodies pile up in their wake. But we keep in-sisting on answering the UN call for access, for safe and orderly evacuation, because we are not willing to accept that innocent men, women, and children can be butchered sim-ply because they happen to live in a conflict area. Our shared humanity and security de-mands that certain rules of war hold, the most basic. And it is up to each and every one of us here to defend those rules. To the Assad regime, Russia, and Iran— three Member States behind the conquest of and carnage in Aleppo—you bear responsi-bility for these atrocities. By rejecting UN- ICRC evacuation efforts, you are signaling to those militia who are massacring innocents to keep doing what they are doing. Denying or obfuscating the facts—as you will do today—saying up is down, black is white, will not absolve you. When one day there is a full accounting of the horrors committed in this assault of Aleppo—and that day will come, sooner or later—you will not be able to say you did not know what was hap-pening. You will not be able to say you were not involved. We all know what is happening. And we all know you are involved. Aleppo will join the ranks of those events in world history that define modern evil, that stain our conscience decades later. Halabja, Rwanda, Srebrenica, and, now, Aleppo. To the Assad regime, Russia, and Iran, your forces and proxies are carrying out these crimes. Your barrel bombs and mortars and airstrikes have allowed the mi-litia in Aleppo to encircle tens of thousands of civilians in your ever-tightening noose. It is your noose. Three Member States of the UN contributing to a noose around civilians. It should shame you. Instead, by all appear-ances, it is emboldening you. You are plot-ting your next assault. Are you truly incapa-ble of shame? Is there literally nothing that can shame you? Is there no act of barbarism against civilians, no execution of a child that gets under your skin, that just creeps you out a little bit? Is there nothing you will not lie about or justify? To the members of this Council, and all Member States of the United Nations: Know that the ghastly tactics we are witnessing in Aleppo will not stop if the city falls. The re-gime and its Russian allies will only be emboldened to replicate their starve-and- surrender-and-slaughter tactics elsewhere. This will be their model for attempting to retake cities and towns across Syria. It will not end with Aleppo. And it will not focus on terrorists. It never has, and there is no evidence that it will. This is why it is so essential that each of us right here—no matter how small a coun-try you are, no matter what your view of sovereignty, if you share our view that ter-rorism is one of the singular causes on earth worth fighting, it doesn’t matter—you have a responsibility to denounce these atrocities. We have just heard the Secretary-General state it plainly. You have to tell those re-sponsible that they must stop. This isn’t the time for more equivocation, for self-cen-soring, for avoiding naming names, for diplo-matic niceties of the kind that are so well- practiced here on the Council. Say who is re-sponsible. Appeal to Moscow, to Damascus, to Tehran, that they have to stop. Use every channel you have—public, private, bankshot, through someone who knows someone. The lives of tens of thousands of Syrians still in eastern Aleppo—between 30,000–60,000 peo-ple—and hundreds of thousands more across the country who are besieged, depend on it. I thank you. f 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES 
RULES OF PROCEDURE Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, the rules governing the procedure of the Com-mittee on Armed Services have not changed for the 115th Congress. Pursu-ant to rule XXVI, paragraph 2, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, on behalf of myself and Senator R
EED, I ask unanimous consent that a copy of the committee rules be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the RECORD , as follows: 
UNITED STATES SENATE COMMITTEE ON ARMED  
SERVICES RULES OF PROCEDURE , 115TH CON -
GRESS  1. R
EGULAR MEETING DAY—The Committee shall meet at least once a month when Con-gress is in session. The, regular meeting days of the Committee shall be Tuesday and Thursday, unless the Chairman, after con-sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-ber, directs otherwise. 2. A
DDITIONAL MEETINGS —The Chairman, after consultation with the Ranking Minor-ity Member, may call such additional meet-ings as he deems necessary. 3. S
PECIAL MEETINGS —Special meetings of the Committee may be called by a majority of the members of the Committee in accord-ance with paragraph 3 of Rule XXVI of the Standing Rules of the Senate. 4. O
PEN MEETINGS —Each meeting of the Committee, or any subcommittee thereof, including meetings to conduct hearings, shall be open to the public, except that a meeting or series of meetings by the Com-mittee or a subcommittee thereof on the same subject for a period of no more than fourteen (14) calendar days may be closed to the public on a motion made and seconded to go into closed session to discuss only wheth-er the matters enumerated below in clauses (a) through (f) would require the meeting to be closed, followed immediately by a record vote in open session by a majority of the members of the Committee or subcommittee when it is determined that the matters to be discussed or the testimony to be taken at such meeting or meetings— (a) will disclose matters necessary to be kept secret in the interests of national de-fense or the confidential conduct of the for-eign relations of the United States; (b) will relate solely to matters of Com-mittee staff personnel or internal staff man-agement or procedure; (c) will tend to charge an individual with a crime or misconduct, to disgrace or injure the professional standing of an individual, or otherwise to expose an individual to public contempt or obloquy or will represent a clearly unwarranted invasion of the privacy of an individual; (d) will disclose the identity of any in-former or law enforcement agent or will dis-close any information relating to the inves-tigation or prosecution of a criminal offense that is required to be kept secret in the in-terests of effective law enforcement; (e) will disclose information relating to the trade secrets or financial or commercial in-formation pertaining specifically to a given person if— (1) an Act of Congress requires the infor-mation to be kept confidential by Govern-ment officers and employees; or (2) the information has been obtained by the Government on a confidential basis, other than through an application by such person for a specific Government financial or other benefit, and is required to be kept se-cret in order to prevent undue injury to the competitive position of such person; or (f) may divulge matters required to be kept confidential under other provisions of law or Government regulations. 5. P
RESIDING OFFICER —The Chairman shall preside at all meetings and hearings of the Committee except that in his absence the Ranking Majority Member present at the meeting or hearing shall preside unless by majority vote the Committee provides other-wise. 6. Q
UORUM —(a) A majority of the members of the Committee are required to be actually present to report a matter or measure from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.015 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1159 February 14, 2017 
the Committee. (See Standing Rules of the Senate 26.7(a)(1)). (b) Except as provided in subsections (a) and (c), and other than for the conduct of hearings, nine members of the Committee, including one member of the minority party; or a majority of the members of the Com-mittee, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of such business as may be con-sidered by the Committee. (c) Three members of the Committee, one of whom shall be a member of the minority party, shall constitute a quorum for the pur-pose of taking sworn testimony, unless oth-erwise ordered by a majority of the full Com-mittee. (d) Proxy votes may not be considered for the purpose of establishing a quorum. 7. P
ROXY VOTING —Proxy voting shall be al-lowed on all measures and matters before the Committee. The vote by proxy of any mem-ber of the Committee may be counted for the purpose of reporting any measure or matter to the Senate if the absent member casting such vote has been informed of the matter on which the member is being recorded and has affirmatively requested that he or she be so recorded. Proxy must be given in writing. 8. A
NNOUNCEMENT OF VOTES—The results of all roll call votes taken in any meeting of the Committee on any measure, or amend-ment thereto, shall be announced in the Committee report, unless previously an-nounced by the Committee. The announce-ment shall include a tabulation of the votes cast in favor and votes cast in opposition to each such measure and amendment by each member of the Committee who was present at such meeting. The Chairman, after con-sultation with the Ranking Minority Mem-ber, may hold open a roll call vote on any measure or matter which is before the Com-mittee until no later than midnight of the day on which the Committee votes on such measure or matter. 9. S
UBPOENAS —Subpoenas for attendance of witnesses and for the production of memo-randa, documents, records, and the like may be issued, after consultation with the Rank-ing Minority Member, by the Chairman or any other member designated by the Chair-man, but only when authorized by a major-ity of the members of the Committee. The subpoena shall briefly state the matter to which the witness is expected to testify or the documents to be produced. 10. H
EARINGS —(a) Public notice shall be given of the date, place and subject matter of any hearing to be held by the Committee, or any subcommittee thereof, at least 1 week in advance of such hearing, unless the Com-mittee or subcommittee determines that good cause exists for beginning such hear-ings at an earlier time. (b) Hearings may be initiated only by the specified authorization of the Committee or subcommittee. (c) Hearings shall be held only in the Dis-trict of Columbia unless specifically author-ized to be held elsewhere by a majority vote of the Committee or subcommittee con-ducting such hearings. (d) The Chairman of the Committee or sub-committee shall consult with the Ranking Minority Member thereof before naming wit-nesses for a hearing. (e) Witnesses appearing before the Com-mittee shall file with the clerk of the Com-mittee a written statement of their proposed testimony prior to the hearing at which they are to appear unless the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member determine that there is good cause not to file such a state-ment. Witnesses testifying on behalf of the Administration shall furnish an additional 50 copies of their statement to the Committee. All statements must be received by the Com-mittee at least 48 hours (not including week-ends or holidays) before the hearing. (f) Confidential testimony taken or con-fidential material presented in a closed hear-ing of the Committee or subcommittee or any report of the proceedings of such hearing shall not be made public in whole or in part or by way of summary unless authorized by a majority vote of the Committee or sub-committee. (g) Any witness summoned to give testi-mony or evidence at a public or closed hear-ing of the Committee or subcommittee may be accompanied by counsel of his own choos-ing who shall be permitted at all times dur-ing such hearing to advise such witness of his legal rights. (h) Witnesses providing unsworn testimony to the Committee may be given a transcript of such testimony for the purpose of making minor grammatical corrections. Such wit-nesses will not, however, be permitted to alter the substance of their testimony. Any question involving such corrections shall be decided by the Chairman. 11. NOMINATIONS —Unless otherwise ordered by the Committee, nominations referred to the Committee shall be held for at least seven (7) days before being voted on by the Committee. Each member of the Committee shall be furnished a copy of all nominations referred to the Committee. 12. R
EAL PROPERTY TRANSACTIONS —Each member of the Committee shall be furnished with a copy of the proposals of the Secre-taries of the Army, Navy, and Air Force, sub-mitted pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2662 and with a copy of the proposals of the Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, submitted pursuant to 50 U.S.C. App. 2285, re-garding the proposed acquisition or disposi-tion of property of an estimated price or rental of more than $50,000. Any member of the Committee objecting to or requesting in-formation on a proposed acquisition or dis-posal shall communicate his objection or re-quest to the Chairman of the Committee within thirty (30) days from the date of sub-mission. 13. L
EGISLATIVE CALENDAR —(a) The clerk of the Committee shall keep a printed cal-endar for the information of each Committee member showing the bills introduced and re-ferred to the Committee and the status of such bills. Such calendar shall be revised from time to time to show pertinent changes in such bills, the current status thereof, and new bills introduced and referred to the Committee. A copy of each new revision shall be furnished to each member of the Committee. (b) Unless otherwise ordered, measures re-ferred to the Committee shall be referred by the clerk of the Committee to the appro-priate department or agency of the Govern-ment for reports thereon. 14. Except as otherwise specified herein, the Standing Rules of the Senate shall gov-ern the actions of the Committee. Each sub-committee of the Committee is part of the Committee, and is therefore subject to the Committee’s rules so far as applicable. 15. P
OWERS AND DUTIES OF SUBCOMMIT -
TEES—Each subcommittee is authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive evidence, and report to the full Committee on all matters referred to it. Subcommittee chairmen, after consultation with Ranking Minority Mem-bers of the subcommittees, shall set dates for hearings and meetings of their respective subcommittees after consultation with the Chairman and other subcommittee chairmen with a view toward avoiding simultaneous scheduling of full Committee and sub-committee meetings or hearings whenever possible. RECOGNIZING NEW JERSEY’S POLICE AND FIRST RESPONDERS Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and pay tribute to New Jersey’s heroic police officers and first responders. Their quick and deci-sive actions over one tense weekend this past September helped to appre-hend a suspect in three bombings in New Jersey and New York, a potential terrorist attack on American soil in which one of the three bombings alone injured 31 people in Manhattan. As they do every day, these police of-ficers, firefighters, and first responders worked swiftly and efficiently to pro-tect our communities from further harm. Their courage, spirit of service, and commitment to protecting our communities ultimately helped to ap-prehend an individual who, according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, was an admirer of Osama bin Laden and Anwar al Awlaki. I greatly appreciate the efforts of the Linden, NJ, police officers who appre-hended the suspect following a shoot-out between the suspect and law en-forcement. Authorities located the sus-pect in Linden after a collective man-hunt was organized by officers from Manhattan, Elizabeth, Linden, and communities along the Jersey Shore. A trial is now pending. I am grateful for the close coordina-tion of New York and New Jersey law enforcement at the municipal, county, State, and Federal levels. Everyone worked together and shared actionable intelligence in real time, which ulti-mately led to the capture of a suspect before more bombings could occur. This critical sharing of information, paired with the swift action of law en-forcement, played a key role in pre-venting further casualties. We owe a great debt of gratitude to the first responders who risk their lives each and every day for the safety of our communities. Our police officers and first responders represent the best of who we are as a nation, and we, as citizens, have an enduring responsi-bility to support them. As President Obama said during the hunt for the perpetrator of these bombings, ‘‘We all have a role to play as citizens in mak-ing sure we don’t succumb to that fear. And there’s no better example of that than the people of New York and New Jersey.’’ These American heroes answered our call when we needed them the most, and we stand together as a grateful na-tion in expressing our undying grati-tude. Thank you. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
REMEMBERING MICHAEL ‘‘MIKE’’ ILITCH ∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I wish to remember Michael ‘‘Mike’’ Ilitch of Detroit, MI, founder of Little Caesars Pizza and owner of the Detroit Tigers and Detroit Red Wings. Sadly, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.012 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1160 February 14, 2017 
Mr. Ilitch passed away last week at the age of 87. Mr. Ilitch was enthusiastic about sports, passionate about the city of Detroit, and dedicated to his family. Mr. Ilitch was born in Detroit, MI, on July 20, 1929, to Macedonian immi-grants, Sotir and Sultana. After grad-uating from Cooley High School, Mr. Ilitch served 4 years in the U.S. Marine Corps before returning to Detroit to play minor league baseball for the Ti-gers. Following a knee injury, Mr. Ilitch worked as a door-to-door sales-person, selling awnings, pots, and pans, in order to save enough money to start his own business. In 1959, Mr. Ilitch and his wife, Mar-ian, opened their first pizza store in the Detroit suburb of Garden City: Little Caesars Pizza. While Mr. Ilitch ini-tially named the pizzeria Pizza Treat, his wife Marian convinced him to change it to Little Caesar, her nick-name for him. Over four decades, Mr. Ilitch expanded the business to ap-proximately 4,000 stores across North America and parts of Europe. The chain became well-known for its com-mercial tagline, ‘‘Pizza! Pizza!’’ As Little Caesars grew to be one of the largest carryout pizza chains in the United States, Mr. Ilitch purchased the Detroit Red Wings hockey team in 1982, recognizing the great potential of a then failing team. By stocking the team with promising college players, Mr. Ilitch revitalized the Red Wings. Under Mr. Ilitch, the Red Wings won four Stanley Cup titles in 1997, 1998, 2002, and 2008, which led him to be in-ducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2003, as well as the U.S. Hockey Hall of Fame in 2004. In 1992, Mr. Ilitch acquired the De-troit Tigers baseball team—the same team that contracted him in the minor leagues. The Tigers reached the World Series twice under Mr. Ilitch’s steward-ship in 2006 and 2012. An icon and pillar of the community, Mr. Ilitch never lost faith in the resur-gence of the city of Detroit and the re-silience of the people he loved so much. During the city’s most challenging times, he poured his heart and passion into Detroit’s renaissance. Mr. Ilitch played an active role in the commu-nity, supporting local organizations and residents. In 1987, Mr. Ilitch and his wife bought and restored the his-toric Fox Theater, rejuvenating the en-tertainment scene in downtown De-troit. He privately assisted civil rights activist, Rosa Parks, paying her rent when she moved into the Riverfront Apartments in 1994. In 2007, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs award-ed Mr. Ilitch with the Secretary’s Award for the ‘‘Little Caesars Veteran Program,’’ which provided business op-portunities to nobly discharged war veterans. As an entrepreneur, leader, and kind-hearted family man, Mr. Ilitch will be greatly missed across Michigan as he touched the lives of many people throughout the State. Mr. Ilitch is sur-vived by his wife of 63 years, Marian; 7 children, Denise, Ron, Michael, Jr., Lisa, Atanas, Christopher, and Carole; 22 grandchildren; and 3 great-grand-children. I cannot express enough the impact Mr. Mike Ilitch had on the city of De-troit and the State of Michigan. He was truly a treasure to our community and an example of the American Dream. His passion, dedication, and leadership will be missed. However, I am confident his legacy will continue to inspire oth-ers to take action to strengthen the city of Detroit, the community he served with his whole heart.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CRADDOCK MORRIS ∑Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, today, I would like to honor and thank Mr. Craddock Morris of St. Matthews, SC for 87 years of valuable reporting in Calhoun County. The Calhoun Times, a small weekly paper in our great state, has decided to cease publication after a truly amazing run of nearly nine dec-ades of providing town residents with community news. The Times was created by Craddock Morris’s father in 1929. John Bunyan Morris, Sr., a 1950 graduate of The Citadel, ran it until his retirement in 1956, when Craddock took over. Al-though this local newspaper, based in St. Matthews, will no longer be pub-lished, I am sure the Morris family’s legacy of good work will remain with residents all over Calhoun County. I would like to recognize Mr. Craddock Morris, and his son Edwin C. Morris who joined the Times after serv-ing in the Armed Forces, and their families for 87 years of delivering es-sential news to the people of Calhoun County.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 11:12 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 244. An act to encourage effective, voluntary investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual Federal awards to employers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes. H.R. 512. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to permit veterans to grant ac-cess to their records in the databases of the Veterans Benefits Administration to certain designated congressional employees, and for other purposes. H.R. 609. An act to designate the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs health care center in Center Township, Butler County, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Abie Abraham VA Clinic’’. H.R. 974. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in awarding a contract for the procurement of goods or services, to give a preference to offerors that employ vet-erans. 
The message further announced that pursuant to section 931(c) of the Com-prehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–198), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following in-dividuals on the part of the House of Representatives to the Creating Op-tions for Veterans’ Expedited Recovery Commission: Captain John M. Rose, United States Navy, Retired, Kenosha, Wisconsin and Lieutenant Colonel Jamil S. Khan, United States Marine Corps, Retired, Janesville, Wisconsin. The message also announced that pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 2103(b), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following in-dividual to the Board of Trustees of the American Folklife Center in the Li-brary of Congress on the part of the House of Representatives for a term of 6 years: Ms. Patricia A. Atkinson of Carson City, Nevada. The message further announced that pursuant to section 553(b) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the fol-lowing individual on the part of the House of Representatives to the Na-tional Commission on Military, Na-tional and Public Service: Mr. Thomas Kilgannon of Centreville, Virginia. The message also announced that pursuant to section 3(b) of the Public Safety Officer Medal of Valor Act of 2001 (42 U.S.C. 15202), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following individ-uals on the part of the House of Rep-resentatives to the Medal of Valor Re-view Board for a term of 4 years: Mr. Brandon Clabes of Choctaw, Oklahoma and Mr. Brian Murphy of Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The message further announced that pursuant to section 1238(b)(3) of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (22 U.S.C. 7002), amended, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker appoints the following individ-uals on the part of the House of Rep-resentatives to the United States- China Economic and Security Review Commission for a term expiring on De-cember 31, 2018: Mr. Larry Wortzel of Williamsburg, Virginia and Mr. Robert Glenn Hubbard of New York, New York. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 244. An act to encourage effective, voluntary investments to recruit, employ, and retain men and women who have served in the United States military with annual Federal awards to employers recognizing such efforts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. H.R. 512. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to permit veterans to grant ac-cess to their records in the databases of the Veterans Benefits Administration to certain designated congressional employees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.031 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1161 February 14, 2017 
H.R. 609. An act to designate the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs health care center in Center Township, Butler County, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Abie Abraham VA Clinic’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 974. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in awarding a contract for the procurement of goods or services, to give a preference to offerors that employ vet-erans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: Mr. M
CCAIN. Mr. President, for the Committee on Armed Services I report favorably the following nomination lists which were printed in the R
ECORDS on the dates indicated, and ask unanimous consent, to save the ex-pense of reprinting on the Executive Calendar that these nominations lie at the Secretary’s desk for the informa-tion of Senators. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
Army nominations beginning with Jeremy D. Karlin and ending with Iraham A. San-chez, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record on January 9, 2017. Navy nomination of Mathew M. Lewis, to be Lieutenant Commander. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. HATCH (for himself, Mrs. F EIN-
STEIN , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mr. M ANCHIN ): S. 367. A bill to amend section 3606 of title 18, United States Code, to grant probation officers authority to arrest hostile third par-ties who obstruct or impede a probation offi-cer in the performance of official duties; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FLAKE: S. 368. A bill to require the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to issue a scientifically valid and State-sup-ported recovery plan for the Mexican gray wolf; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself and Mr. T
ILLIS ): S. 369. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in awarding a contract for the procurement of goods or services, to give a preference to offerors that employ vet-erans, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. CRUZ (for himself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. P
AUL, Mr. I NHOFE , and Mr. R OUNDS ): S. 370. A bill to eliminate the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection by repealing title X of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act, com-monly known as the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. CORKER: S. 371. A bill to make technical changes and other improvements to the Department of State Authorities Act, Fiscal Year 2017; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself, Ms. KLOBUCHAR , Mr. R UBIO, and Ms. H AS-
SAN): S. 372. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that merchandise arriving through the mail shall be subject to review by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and to require the provision of advance elec-tronic information on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Protection and for other purposes; to the Committee on Fi-nance. By Mr. HATCH: S. 373. A bill to require the Secretary of Defense to submit to Congress a report on hearing loss, tinnitus, and noise pollution due to small arms fire; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mr. N
ELSON ): S. 374. A bill to enable concrete masonry products manufacturers to establish, fi-nance, and carry out a coordinated program of research, education, and promotion to im-prove, maintain, and develop markets for concrete masonry products; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. R OBERTS , and Mr. W
ICKER ): S. 375. A bill to amend the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 to establish a procedure for approval of certain settlements; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. D AINES , Mr. F
LAKE , and Mr. R OBERTS ): S. 376. A bill to amend the Endangered Spe-cies Act of 1973 to require publication on the Internet of the basis for determinations that species are endangered species or threatened species, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. MENENDEZ (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. K AINE, and Mr. G ARDNER ): S. 377. A bill to amend the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 to clarify report dates, modify the criteria for determinations of whether countries are meeting the min-imum standards for elimination of traf-ficking, and highlight the importance of con-crete actions by countries to eliminate traf-ficking, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations. By Mr. BARRASSO (for himself, Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. F LAKE , Mr. R ISCH, and Mr. E
NZI): S. 378. A bill to amend titles 5 and 28, United States Code, to require the mainte-nance of databases on awards of fees and other expenses to prevailing parties in cer-tain administrative proceedings and court cases to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 94 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) and the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 94, a bill to impose sanctions in response to cyber intru-sions by the Government of the Rus-sian Federation and other aggressive activities of the Russian Federation, and for other purposes. 
S. 203 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) and the Senator from Ar-kansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 203, a bill to reaffirm that the Environmental Protection Agency may not regulate vehicles used solely for competition, and for other purposes. S. 234 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added as cosponsors of S. 234, a bill to provide incentives for businesses to keep jobs in America. 
S. 242 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) and the Senator from North Carolina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) were added as cosponsors of S. 242, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to permit veterans to grant access to their records in the databases of the Vet-erans Benefits Administration to cer-tain designated congressional employ-ees, and for other purposes. 
S. 243 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from North Da-kota (Mr. H
OEVEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 243, a bill to provide for a permanent extension of the enforce-ment instruction on supervision re-quirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals. 
S. 247 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 247, a bill to provide an incentive for businesses to bring jobs back to Amer-ica. 
S. 251 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 251, a bill to repeal the Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board in order to ensure that it cannot be used to undermine the Medicare entitlement for beneficiaries. 
S. 253 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Michi-gan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from West Virginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) were added as cosponsors of S. 253, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Secu-rity Act to repeal the Medicare out-patient rehabilitation therapy caps. 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ), the Senator from Mary-land (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ), the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 266, a bill to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and coura-geous contributions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 268 
At the request of Mr. Y OUNG , the name of the Senator from Arkansas 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:56 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1162 February 14, 2017 
(Mr. C OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 268, a bill to provide the legal framework necessary for the growth of innovative private financing options for students to fund postsecondary edu-cation, and for other purposes. 
S. 272 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 272, a bill to enhance the security oper-ations of the Transportation Security Administration and the stability of the transportation security workforce by applying a unified personnel system under title 5, United States Code, to employees of the Transportation Secu-rity Administration who are respon-sible for screening passengers and prop-erty, and for other purposes. 
S. 301 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 301, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to prohibit govern-mental discrimination against pro-viders of health services that are not involved in abortion. 
S. 324 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 324, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans. 
S.J. RES. 8 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 8, a joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relating to contribu-tions and expenditures intended to af-fect elections. 
S.J. RES. 16 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) was added as a cosponsor of S.J. Res. 16, a joint resolution ap-proving the discontinuation of the process for consideration and auto-matic implementation of the annual proposal of the Independent Medicare Advisory Board under section 1899A of the Social Security Act. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. B OOZMAN , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. R OBERTS , and Mr. W
ICKER ): S. 375. A bill to amend the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 to establish a procedure for approval of certain set-tlements; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: S. 375 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DEFINITIONS. 
Section 3 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1532) is amended— (1) by redesignating— (A) paragraphs (1) through (4) as para-graphs (2) through (5), respectively; (B) paragraphs (5) through (10) as para-graphs (7) through (12), respectively; and (C) paragraphs (12) through (21) as para-graphs (13) through (22), respectively; (2) by adding before paragraph (2) (as so re-designated) the following: ‘‘(1) A
FFECTED PARTIES .—The term ‘af-fected party’ means any person, including a business entity, or any State, tribal govern-ment, or local subdivision the rights of which may be affected by a determination made under section 4(a) in a suit brought under section 11(g)(1)(C).’’; and (3) by adding after paragraph (5) (as so re-designated) the following: ‘‘(6) C
OVERED SETTLEMENT .—The term ‘cov-ered settlement’ means a consent decree or a settlement agreement in an action brought under section 11(g)(1)(C).’’. 
SEC. 2. INTERVENTION; APPROVAL OF COVERED SETTLEMENT. 
Section 11(g) of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1540) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) P
UBLISHING COMPLAINT ; INTERVEN -
TION.— ‘‘(i) P
UBLISHING COMPLAINT .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the plaintiff serves the defendant with the complaint in an ac-tion brought under paragraph (1)(C) in ac-cordance with Rule 4 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, the Secretary of the Inte-rior shall publish the complaint in a readily accessible manner, including electronically. ‘‘(II) F
AILURE TO MEET DEADLINE .—The fail- ure of the Secretary to meet the 30-day dead-line described in subclause (I) shall not be the basis for an action under paragraph (1)(C). ‘‘(ii) I
NTERVENTION .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—After the end of the 30- day period described in clause (i), each af-fected party shall be given a reasonable op-portunity to move to intervene in the action described in clause (i), until the end of which a party may not file a motion for a consent decree or to dismiss the case pursuant to a settlement agreement. ‘‘(II) R
EBUTTABLE PRESUMPTION .—In consid-ering a motion to intervene by any affected party, the court shall presume, subject to re-buttal, that the interests of that party would not be represented adequately by the parties to the action described in clause (i). ‘‘(III) R
EFERRAL TO ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE  
RESOLUTION .— ‘‘(aa) I
N GENERAL .—If the court grants a motion to intervene in the action, the court shall refer the action to facilitate settlement discussions to— ‘‘(AA) the mediation program of the court; or ‘‘(BB) a magistrate judge. ‘‘(bb) P
ARTIES INCLUDED IN SETTLEMENT DIS -
CUSSIONS .—The settlement discussions de-scribed in item (aa) shall include each— ‘‘(AA) plaintiff; ‘‘(BB) defendant agency; and ‘‘(CC) intervenor.’’; (2) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) L
ITIGATION COSTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the court, in issuing any final order in any suit brought under para-graph (1), may award costs of litigation (in-cluding reasonable attorney and expert wit-ness fees) to any party, whenever the court determines such award is appropriate. ‘‘(B) COVERED SETTLEMENT .— ‘‘(i) C
ONSENT DECREES .—The court shall not award costs of litigation in any proposed covered settlement that is a consent decree. ‘‘(ii) O
THER COVERED SETTLEMENTS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—For a proposed covered settlement other than a consent decree, the court shall ensure that the covered settle-ment does not include payment to any plain-tiff for the costs of litigation. ‘‘(II) M
OTIONS .—The court shall not grant any motion, including a motion to dismiss, based on the proposed covered settlement de-scribed in subclause (I) if the covered settle-ment includes payment to any plaintiff for the costs of litigation.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) A
PPROVAL OF COVERED SETTLEMENT .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITION OF SPECIES .—In this para-graph, the term ‘species’ means a species that is the subject of an action brought under paragraph (1)(C). ‘‘(B) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) C
ONSENT DECREES .—The court shall not approve a proposed covered settlement that is a consent decree unless each State and county in which the Secretary of the Inte-rior believes a species occurs approves the covered settlement. ‘‘(ii) O
THER COVERED SETTLEMENTS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—For a proposed covered settlement other than a consent decree, the court shall ensure that the covered settle-ment is approved by each State and county in which the Secretary of the Interior be-lieves a species occurs. ‘‘(II) M
OTIONS .—The court shall not grant any motion, including a motion to dismiss, based on the proposed covered settlement de-scribed in subclause (I) unless the covered settlement is approved by each State and county in which the Secretary of the Inte-rior believes a species occurs. ‘‘(C) N
OTICE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the In-terior shall provide each State and county in which the Secretary of the Interior believes a species occurs notice of a proposed covered settlement. ‘‘(ii) D
ETERMINATION OF RELEVANT STATES  
AND COUNTIES .—The defendant in a covered settlement shall consult with each State de-scribed in clause (i) to determine each coun-ty in which the Secretary of the Interior be-lieves a species occurs. ‘‘(D) F
AILURE TO RESPOND .—The court may approve a covered settlement or grant a mo-tion described in subparagraph (B)(ii)(II) if, not later than 45 days after the date on which a State or county is notified under subparagraph (C)— ‘‘(i)(I) a State or county fails to respond; and ‘‘(II) of the States or counties that re-spond, each State or county approves the covered settlement; or ‘‘(ii) all of the States and counties fail to respond. ‘‘(E) P
ROOF OF APPROVAL .—The defendant in a covered settlement shall prove any State or county approval described in this paragraph in a form— ‘‘(i) acceptable to the State or county, as applicable; and ‘‘(ii) signed by the State or county official authorized to approve the covered settle-ment.’’. 
By Mr. CORNYN (for himself, Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. C RAPO , Mr. D AINES , Mr. F
LAKE , and Mr. R OBERTS ): S. 376. A bill to amend the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 to require 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.021 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1163 February 14, 2017 
publication on the Internet of the basis for determinations that species are en-dangered species or threatened species, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. 376 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘21st Century Endangered Species Transparency Act’’. 
SEC. 2. REQUIREMENT TO PUBLISH ON INTER-NET BASIS FOR LISTINGS. 
Section 4(b) of the Endangered Species Act (16 U.S.C. 1533(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) P
UBLICATION ON INTERNET OF BASIS FOR  
LISTINGS .—The Secretary shall make pub-licly available on the Internet the best sci-entific and commercial data available that are the basis for each regulation, including each proposed regulation, promulgated under subsection (a)(1), except that, at the request of a Governor or legislature of a State, the Secretary shall not make available under this paragraph information regarding which the State has determined public disclosure is prohibited by a law of that State relating to the protection of personal information.’’. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I have four requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES  
The Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, February 14, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on February 14, 2017, at 10 a.m., in order to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The Semiannual Monetary Policy Re-port to Congress.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence is authorized to meet during the session of the 115th Congress of the U.S. Senate on Tuesday, February 14, 2017, from 2 p.m. to 3:30 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Senate Hart Office Build-ing. SUBCOMMITTEE ON PERSONNEL  
The Subcommittee on Personnel of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Tuesday, February 14, 2017, at 2:30 p.m. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that floor privi-leges be granted this Congress for Darren Dodd, a detailee from the U.S. Secret Service, and Saleela Salahuddin, a detailee from the De-partment of Justice. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
PROMOTING WOMEN IN ENTREPRENEURSHIP ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 5, H.R. 255. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 255) to authorize the National Science Foundation to support entrepre-neurial programs for women. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (H.R. 255) was ordered to a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
INSPIRE WOMEN ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 6, H.R. 321. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 321) to inspire women to enter the aerospace field, including science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics, through mentorship and outreach. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill was ordered to a third read-ing and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the bill. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there further debate? Hearing none, the bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (H.R. 321) was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDERS FOR WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, February 15; that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, and the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of H.J. Res. 40, as under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:59 p.m., adjourned until Wednes-day, February 15, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate February 14, 2017: 
SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
LINDA E. MCMAHON, OF CONNECTICUT, TO BE ADMINIS-TRATOR OF THE SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.022 S14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE185 February 14, 2017 
IN HONOR OF CHIEF WARRANT OF-FICER FIVE MARY A. HOSTETLER 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Chief Warrant Officer Five Mary A. Hostetler on her retirement from the United States Army Reserve and to recognize the tre-mendous contributions of her 40 years of serv-ice to our Central Coast and country. Chief Hostetler has a special connection to the Central Coast, receiving degrees from Monterey Peninsula College and the Univer-sity of California, Santa Cruz. She has also worked as a Supervisory Criminal Investigator for the Presidio of Monterey and as a Police Officer for the Seaside and Sand City Police Departments, all located in my congressional district. In 2003, Chief Hostetler deployed for the first time to Iraq. There, she provided security to the Presidential Envoy to Iraq, L. Paul Bremer. Not only was this her first deploy-ment, but she also distinguished herself as the first woman to provide protective services in a combat zone. After her deployment to Iraq, she served as the team officer in charge of the protective de-tail for former Secretary of Defense Leon Pa-netta, my father. Her service to my family is greatly appreciated by my parents, my two brothers and me. There is nothing more awe inspiring than public servants who are willing to place themselves in harm’s way for the pro-tection of others. I know my family joins me in commending Mary for her forty years of public service to our nation, and wishing her the very best for a well-deserved retirement. 
f 
RECOGNIZING VIRGINIA GOLDEN FOR HER COMMITMENT TO SERVICE AND VOLUNTEERISM IN THE CITY OF BUFFALO 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Mrs. Virginia Golden, a dedicated volunteer and resident of Buffalo, New York. Virginia’s tireless service is recog-nized today by None Like You/We Care Out-reach and the City of Buffalo. Virginia is a graduate of the State University of New York at Buffalo and is a proud mother and grandmother. Virginia worked for 37 years as a human service provider at various agen-cies and retired as the director of rehabilitative service at an adult residence program. Mrs. Golden is a member of a number of or-ganizations in the Buffalo community and is an active advocate for the beautification of the community, environmental justice and adult education. She volunteers her time tutoring and educating those in low income commu-nities. She had shown her devotion to edu-cation by working with youth over the summer and with the None Like You/We Care Out-reach program to improve their reading and writing skills and helps students who want to attend college. Virginia is a member of the None Like You Community Outreach board and volunteers to improve the quality of life in our community by aiding in the conversion of empty lots into gar-dens and clean green space, turning aban-doned houses into homes, and working on clean-up initiatives with local colleges. She’s worked with United Way and their Day of Care project for the past 7 years and is an active member of the Clean Air Coalition and Neigh-bors and Friends Fighting for Justice. Mr. Speaker, I honor Mrs. Virginia Golden and her admirable dedication to the City of Buffalo. Her commitment to education and the rehabilitation of the community is exceptional, and she is most deserving of this recognition by None Like You/We Care and the City of Buffalo. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BOBBY L. RUSH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, on February 13 through 16, 2017, circumstances beyond my control necessitated my absence from the House and I, therefore, am requesting a leave of absence from the House. 
f 
IN HONOR OF KATHY M
CLAUGHLIN’S SERVICE TO HER COMMUNITY 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to recognize Ms. Kathy McLaughlin of Pres-cott, Arizona. Kathy is an accomplished and respected former law enforcement officer whose career has resulted in a series of firsts for women serving on the force in Arizona. Her distinguished service is deserving of all of our admiration. Kathy’s career in law enforcement began in 1977, when she was hired as Yavapai Coun-ty’s first female fulltime patrol deputy. She ex-celled in the role. Having proven her place on the force, she was transferred in 1987 to Black Canyon City and promoted to sergeant. This promotion provided Kathy the second first of her career, as no other woman had served as a patrol supervisor in Black Canyon City until then. In 1998, while stationed in Prescott, Kathy was promoted to Lieutenant. Kathy prioritized community engagement and trust while in the line of duty, a necessity in smaller, rural communities. She played a key role in the introduction and implementation of Yavapai County’s Volunteers in Protection pro-gram in 1994, which to this day recruits quali-fied and trained citizen volunteers to partici-pate in uniformed patrols. Following her service on the police force, Kathy transitioned to serving as the Executive Director of the Arizona Child and Family Advo-cacy Network. Kathy’s track record of excel-lence continued on into this role, which she held until her retirement last year. From her position at the helm of the Network, Kathy le-veraged her organizational abilities and her tremendous compassion for the plight of vic-tims of sexual and physical abuse to deliver resources and training to advocacy centers across Arizona. Kathy and her amazing career serve as a beacon of civic duty and care for one’s community, and I sincerely appreciate the opportunity to recognize her today. f 
REMEMBERING THOMAS O’CONNOR 
HON. BLAKE FARENTHOLD 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of a great fourth-generation Texan, Thomas Marion O’Connor of Victoria, Texas, who passed away recently at the age of 94. Like his family before him who settled in Refugio County in the 1800s, Mr. O’Connor was a true Texan, a cattleman and a devout Catholic. He lived his life with gusto, practicing exemplary land stewardship, philanthropy and commitment to his community—traits he passed on to his children and grandchildren. He was also an American hero, serving during World War II in the United States Army Air Corps, the precursor to the United States Air Force. Mr. O’Connor was well known in the com-munity for his philanthropic endeavors, pro-viding support to the church, the arts, schools, local health care systems and more. He was a leader in the community and an active board member for many different groups rep-resenting broad interests like agriculture, banking and education. He leaves behind a loving family of children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren who share his love for community and spirit. I offer my condolences to his family. Mr. O’Connor will be missed. 
f 
THE ABO GROUP 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize The Abo Group, Inc. for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14FE8.001 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE186 February 14, 2017 
being honored as the Minority-Owned Busi-ness of the Year by the West Chamber of Commerce. The Abo Group is a full service architectural firm providing design, project management, construction documentation and administra-tion, historic preservation, space planning, master planning and facility assessments. Earning wide recognition for sustainable de-sign, the firm incorporates the highest possible energy efficiency technologies in their designs. For more than 20 years, The Abo Group has designed highly specialized laboratories to meet LEED ‘‘Gold’’ standards at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) in Golden, CO. In 1999, the Thermal Test Facil-ity at NREL won the ASHRAE Award of Excel-lence for Energy Efficient Design. The firm has also completed a Master Plan for the ultimate buildout of NREL’s South Table Mountain Campus in Golden. I extend my deepest congratulations to The Abo Group for this well-deserved honor from the West Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE OF FORMER REPRESENTATIVE ROB-ERT GARCIA 
HON. JOSE´E. SERRANO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a good friend and colleague, Mr. Robert Garcia, better known as ‘‘Bobby,’’ who passed away on January 25, 2017. Bobby was an influential leader and trailblazer in New York, first serving the people of the South Bronx as a representative in the New York State Assembly and as the first Puerto Rican in the New York State Senate. His decade- long career in the U.S. House of Representa-tives began when he was elected to Congress in a special election on February 14, 1978 on the Republican and Liberal tickets to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Con-gressman Herman Badillo. He took his seat on February 21, 1978 as a Democrat. Bobby played an instrumental role in several local, national, and international initiatives and served New York for more than 25 years. His legacy of public service will not be forgotten. Bobby was born in the Bronx in 1933 to Puerto Rican parents. His dedication to serv-ing his country was demonstrated at a young age when he served overseas during the Ko-rean War in the U.S. Army’s Third Infantry, earning two Bronze stars. He attended college under the GI Bill, and then began a career in public service. Bobby’s political career is highlighted by his dedication to fight against inequality, intoler-ance and injustice. He worked on issues such as immigration reform, voting rights, Puerto Rico, economic opportunities, and U.S. policy towards Central America. Representing the South Bronx, Bobby is remembered as a sig-nificant reformer and a leader for those whose voices were too often lost. While in Congress, Bobby served on the Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs Committee and the Foreign Af-fairs Committee. He also sat on the Post Of-fice and Civil Service Committee, where he championed the Garcia Amendment to the Civil Service Reform Act of 1978 to ensure the recruitment of minorities for the civil service. During his time in Congress, Bobby was a co-founder of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, which allowed the Hispanic commu-nity to gain national recognition in Congress and helped develop young Latinos to be the next generation of leaders in America. In addi-tion, he co-sponsored the bill establishing a national holiday to commemorate the life of civil rights hero Martin Luther King, Jr. Bobby also advocated to transform the South Bronx district through federal funding, jobs and projects. He co-authored the Kemp- Garcia Enterprise Free Zone Bill as an initia-tive to attract businesses to areas faced with severe depression, unemployment, and pov-erty. Bobby also had a profound respect for and a deep understanding of religious and spiritual development for others, and was active in sev-eral Christian organizations. Bobby received numerous awards and rec-ognition for his pioneering work and was an outstanding citizen, a transformational leader in New York, and an important voice for the Hispanic community. Garcia was a pioneer and a legend in the Latino community, and those that knew him will never forget him. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring our former colleague, Robert Garcia, for his service, leadership, and accomplish-ments. He will be greatly missed. f 
CONGRATULATING DONNA GORITY ON RECEIVING THE 2017 RE-SPECTED CITIZEN AWARD 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Donna Gority on receiving the Central Blair Recreation and Park Commis-sion’s (CBRC) Respected Citizen Award for 2017. This is not the first time I have had the honor to congratulate Mrs. Gority. I had the privilege of congratulating her on her retire-ment in 2012 for 28 accomplished years in public office. Mrs. Gority, the first female member of the Blair County Board of Commis-sioners, is well known in central Pennsylvania for her extensive track record of dedicated service, advocating strongly for children and human services, and being a loud voice for the citizens of Blair County on all community issues. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to say that Donna, in her usual manner, has not slowed down. In fact, Mike Hofer, the Executive Director of the CBRC, said that it is possible Donna may be busier now since before her retirement in 2012. This example set by Donna is one we all should strive for. Her willingness to serve her community and Pennsylvania, especially as a private citizen, sets her apart as an out-standing individual and I am honored to rep-resent her in the United States Congress. Mrs. Gority will be honored February 25, 2017 with the Respected Citizen Award by the Central Blair Recreation and Park Commission at the 8th Annual Community Classic Dinner and Auction at the Bavarian Hall in Altoona. I congratulate Donna and her family on this rec-ognition, and thank her for her extraordinary contributions to the community. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Donna for this achievement and wishing her nothing but continued success. f 
EMAIL PRIVACY ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 6, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support to H.R. 387, the Email Privacy Act. Enacting the amendments outlined in this bill will provide a much needed update to the Electronic Communication Privacy Act of 1986 (ECPA). ECPA paved the way for protecting the rapidly advancing field of electronic com-munications. Although this law made headway in assuring the privacy of the telecommuni-cations of Americans, electronic communica-tions have far outpaced the current regulation. The provisions of the Email Privacy Act re-affirm the rights granted Americans by the Fourth Amendment. Citizens should not be subjected to unlawful search and seizure of their private property. The communications of Americans are personal and private and must be treated as such by our government. H.R. 387, however, recognizes that circumstances may require law enforcement to move quickly and require access to electronic communica-tions. Preserving law enforcement’s ability to preserve records, to delay notification to sub-scribers that a warrant is out for their data, and by requiring timely responses to warrants reflects the security concerns expressed dur-ing the Judiciary Committee markup. Ensuring law enforcement has probable cause in order to access stored email, texts, and photos, while also providing the above exceptions and flexibility to the rule balancing the needs of law enforcement and public safety with the right to individual privacy. Calls for reform have come from both sides of the aisle. Upholding the Fourth Amendment is not a partisan issue and I am overjoyed to see my colleagues from both parties standing by this bill. Failing to pass the Email Privacy Act endangers the principal values of our Re-public. Our constituents have entrusted us, not only as their Representatives, but as defend-ers of the Constitution and the rights of all Americans. The passage of the Electronic Communica-tions Privacy Act will engender confidence in both law enforcement and privacy laws as Americans will know their emails will only be accessed if there is cause. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote Yes on the resolution. 
f 
RECOGNIZING YURI HRESHCHYSHYN FOR HIS COM-MITMENT TO SERVICE AND VOL-UNTEERISM IN THE CITY OF BUFFALO 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Mr. Yuri Hreshchyshyn, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14FE8.005 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE187 February 14, 2017 
a friend and a dedicated volunteer and resi-dent of Buffalo, New York. Yuri’s tireless serv-ice is recognized today by None Like You/ We Care Outreach and the City of Buffalo. Yuri is a South Buffalo resident who has been a committeeman for the Erie County Democratic Committee, a member of the Buf-falo Cooperative Federal Credit Union and the Buffalo Central Terminal, and has worked for the Erie County Department of Social Serv-ices. Mr. Hreshchyshyn has worked with multiple community partners including None Like You/ We Care Outreach, Buffalo State College, the University at Buffalo and Canisius College. He worked on many projects in the West Side and East Side communities planting trees, helping to build community gardens and clean-ing city lots. Yuri has given his time and tal-ents to the community youth by teaching them how to cut grass and trim trees and bushes. Yuri has dedicated much of his time to main-tain the building and grounds of the Buffalo Central Terminal. During the holiday season, Yuri has been a tremendous help with the Thanksgiving Dinner and Christmas giveaway for over 12 years. Mr. Speaker, I honor Mr. Yuri Hreshchyshyn and his admirable dedication to the City of Buffalo and the aesthetics of our community. Yuri’s commitment to his City is exceptional, and he is most deserving of this recognition by None Like You/We Care and the City of Buf-falo. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber for roll call votes 86 and 87 on Monday, February 13, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on roll call votes 86 and 87. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. M
CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, on February 13, 2017, I missed the voting session. If present, I would have voted as follows: YES—H.R. 244—HIRE Vets Act, as amend-ed YES—H.R. 974—BRAVE Act 
f 
JIM AND KATHLEEN CURTIS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jim and Kathleen Curtis for being honored by the West Chamber of Com-merce with the Steve Burkholder Diamond Legacy Award. Both Colorado natives, Jim and Kathleen (Kate) met at Colorado National Bank and went on to marry in 1972. After leaving the bank in 1994, the couple purchased The Vil-lage Roaster, a specialty coffee business in Lakewood. At the time, it was the only store in the Colorado area that roasted specialty coffee in-house. Today that tradition continues with roasted whole bean coffee as their num-ber one selling product. They also provide ca-tering services and have a mobile espresso bar they can set up for any type of event in the Denver metro area. In addition, The Vil-lage Roaster strives to make sustainability a focus and preserving the environment a pri-ority. Jim and Kate support the community that supports them. Jim served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors for the West Chamber in 2013, is a past president of the Kiwanis Club of Lakewood, is a sponsor for the Catch a Calf program with the National Western Stock Show, and volunteers for the Lakewood Police Department. Jim was selected for the Real Men Who Wear Pink recognition by the American Cancer Society in 2016. Kate serves as the Foundation Chair for St. Anthony Hospital, sits on the board for the Al-ameda Gateway, and as the Secretary for the Alameda Corridor Business Improvement Dis-trict. She was recognized at the West Cham-ber’s Celebrate Women event in 2011. Both Jim and Kate serve as deacons for St. James Presbyterian Church. I extend my deepest congratulations to Jim and Kathleen Curtis for this well-deserved honor from the West Chamber of Commerce. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRENDAN F. BOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I missed roll call vote No. 86 and 87 on the floor of the House of Representatives. Had I been present, I would have voted yea on both bills. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN K. DELANEY 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote on roll calls No. 86 and No. 87. Had I been present to vote on roll call No. 86, I would have voted Aye. Had I been present to vote on roll call No. 87, I would have voted Aye. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call Vote 77 to H.J. Res 40 which took place on February 2, 2017, I was not present. It was my intention to vote No on that resolution. DANIEL D. BIGANDT AGENCY WITH AMERICAN FAMILY INSURANCE HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize The Daniel D. Bigandt Agency with American Family Insurance for being honored as the Small Business of the Year by the West Chamber of Commerce. The Daniel D. Bigandt Agency with Amer-ican Family Insurance was established in 2002 in Lakewood. The agency now serves more than 2,000 households in the Denver metro area, with a majority in Jefferson and Denver counties. At the beginning of 2016, the agency started the year with one full-time employee and 4 part-time employees at one location in Lake-wood. At the end of 2016, the agency had grown to 4 full-time and several part-time staff members with two locations, one in Lakewood and one in Englewood. Over the last 15 months, the agency has been awarded many sales and service awards. Dan Bigandt is deeply involved in the com-munity and has been an active member of the West Chamber for the last nine years. Dan is also involved in the leadership of other organi-zations in Jefferson County, serving as the Board Vice Chair for the Sooper Credit Union and as a Board Member of the Panorama Ridge Homeowners Association. Recently, Dan finished serving for 12 years on the Board of Directors for Front Range Christian School in Littleton. I extend my deepest congratulations to The Daniel D. Bigandt Agency with American Fam-ily Insurance for this well-deserved honor from the West Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MARY ROSS FOR HER COMMITMENT TO SERVICE AND VOLUNTEERISM IN THE CITY OF BUFFALO 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Mrs. Mary Ross, a dedi-cated volunteer and resident of Buffalo, New York. Mary’s tireless service is recognized today by None Like You/We Care Outreach and the City of Buffalo. Mary is the proud mother of six children and four grandchildren who reside in Buffalo. Mary has worked as a counselor for eleven years for the Buffalo Public Schools. She is also an active member of the Women and Children’s Foundation Board, Bison Fund Board, Olmstead Parks Conservancy Board, None Like You/We Care Outreach and the Bi-son’s Children’s Scholarship Fund. Mary is in-strumental in various projects throughout the city of Buffalo including Thanksgiving Dinners, Christmas Giveaways and community garden projects. Mary has a strong passion for the youth of Buffalo and is always willing to help them in regards to furthering their education, athletics, and employment. She is always eager to help 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14FE8.016 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE188 February 14, 2017 
them by driving them places, feeding them, making sure they have warm clothing. Mary also advises students and youth for court mat-ters. Her dream is to see every child have the opportunity to be successful in whatever they want to do in life and it is clear in her day to day actions that she is dedicated to this dream. Mr. Speaker, I honor Mrs. Mary Ross and her admirable dedication to the City of Buffalo and the youth of our community. Mary’s com-mitment is exceptional, and she is most de-serving of this recognition by None Like You/ We Care Outreach and the City of Buffalo. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE WOMEN POR-TRAYED IN HIDDEN FIGURES— DR. KATHERINE GOBLE JOHN-SON, DOROTHY VAUGHAN, AND MARY JACKSON 
HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of myself and Representatives R
OBERT WITTMAN , D ONALD MCEACHIN , and S
COTT TAYLOR to honor Dr. Katherine Goble Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan, and Mary Jack-son, an extraordinary group of women from Hampton Roads, Virginia recently featured in the critically acclaimed and Oscar-nominated film Hidden Figures. Tomorrow evening, Sen-ators W
ARNER , KAINE, and B ROWN are joining me in hosting a screening of Hidden Figures here at the United States Capitol. I would like to take a moment to recognize the accom-plishments of the remarkable women depicted in this film Breaking down barriers of both gender and race at the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, these women, and many like them, laid the groundwork for John Glenn to become the first American to orbit the earth, and for Neil Armstrong to walk on the moon. I am proud that their stories are reaching a wider audience. Though she began her career as an educa-tor, in her 28 years working for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (the forerunner to NASA) Dorothy Vaughan helped pave the way for the diverse workforce and leadership NASA enjoys today. Beginning at NACA Langley in 1943, Mrs. Vaughan was assigned to an all-black computer pool. By 1949, she was the Section Head of her group, becoming NACA’s first black supervisor and one of NACA’s first female supervisors. Mrs. Vaughan was one of the first to master com-puter programming and said that she felt like her work at NASA Langley put her on ‘‘the cutting edge of something very exciting.’’ While she broke barriers at NACA, Mrs. Vaughan also took an active role in her com-munity as a member of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. and a longtime member of St. Paul AME Church of Newport News. Early on, Dr. Katherine Goble Johnson showed that she was an exceptionally bright young woman. Graduating high school at 14 and college at 18, Dr. Johnson worked as an educator before relocating to Newport News where, in 1953, she began her work at NASA Langley. She too was assigned to an all-black computer pool. Within weeks of her entry in the NASA ranks, Dr. Johnson was asked to temporarily assist in the Spacecraft Dynamics Branch in the Flight Dynamics and Control Di-vision. She never left. There, she became known for her knowledge, accuracy and con-tributions in providing trajectories necessary to successful spaceflight. Dr. Johnson has been the recipient of nu-merous awards throughout her 33 year career with NASA, and was recently awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President Barack Obama. A leader in her community, Dr. Johnson has served as President of the Lambda Omega Chapter of the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. and as a Trustee and Elder at Carver Memorial Presbyterian Church in Newport News, Virginia, where she con-tinues to be a dedicated member. Mary Jackson was born and raised in Hampton, Virginia, and attended the Hampton Institute, now Hampton University. She too was an educator prior to joining NASA, and after a circuitous journey found her way to NASA Langley working as a mathematician in 1951, reporting to Dorothy Vaughan. Following additional math and physics work at previously segregated Hampton High School, Mrs. Jack-son became NASA’s first black female engi-neer in 1958. An accomplished mathematician, she re-mained committed to ensuring that NASA’s fe-male professionals had the opportunity to suc-ceed and finished her 34 year career as Langley’s Federal Women’s Program Manager working to hire and mentor NASA’s next gen-eration of leaders. Mrs. Jackson kept active in her community, as a member of Bethel AME Church in Hamp-ton, the Newport News-Hampton Chapter of the Continental Societies, Inc., and Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Margot Lee Shetterly, author of Hidden Figures, for shining a spotlight on the remarkable story of these women. As the daughter of a NASA Langley scientist, Mrs. Shetterly was surely steeped in the accomplishments of these great women growing up. I would also like to thank Theodore Melfi, director of the film, actors Octavia Spencer, who played Dorothy Vaughan, Janelle Monae, who played Mary Jackson, and Taraji P. Henson, who played Katherine Johnson, and all others who played a part in telling these women’s stories on the silver screen. Mr. Speaker, I am proud that the stories of these exceptional women are no longer hid-den. It is my hope that this film will help in-spire the next generation of leaders to chal-lenge themselves and to strive to break through any bathers they may face. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE LOUDOUN ABUSED WOMEN’S SHELTER 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to use this time to recognize a local non- profit organization in Virginia’s 10th Congres-sional District that has strengthened our Loudoun community for over 30 years by help-ing families in need. The Loudoun Abused Women’s Shelter (LAWS), founded in 1984 under the name Loudoun Citizens for Social Justice, Inc., opened as a shelter where women and children fleeing domestic violence could find refuge. Since then, LAWS has grown immensely and now provides a plethora of different services to victims of sexual and domestic violence. Aside from providing emergency shelter, LAWS now also offers counseling, a 24-hour hotline, legal services, support groups, com-munity outreach, and even operates a thrift store in Leesburg called the Resourceful Woman. LAWS now has 30 employees, 75 volunteers, and a diverse Board of Directors, led by my constituent Nicole Acosta, from Purcellville, Virginia, all dedicated to elimi-nating personal and societal violence. Ms. Acosta started as a volunteer many years ago and her vision and dedication led to her em-ployment by the organization in 2012 as the Executive Director. Since joining the board, she has championed efforts to not only ex-pand the organization but also enhance its governance and oversight operations to the great benefit of Loudoun County. In 1984, three women founded LAWS with a total of $3,000 of donations, but today the organization, hosting several annual fund-raisers and events, has morphed into a multi- million dollar non-profit. One reoccurring event which has garnered a great deal of popularity as a result of diligent staff and volunteering planning is the yearly Martini Matters event. It is fun, forward thinking community events, like Martini Matters, that have helped the organiza-tion thrive tremendously over the years. Each year LAWS helps over 1,000 women and children lead better lives without fear and anxiety through their various services, and I am grateful to have such a prominent and re-sourceful organization in the 10th district. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in ap-plauding LAWS for its dedication to serving our community for so many years. I wish Ms. Acosta and the entire organization the best in their future endeavors. f 
CITYWIDE BANKS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Citywide Banks for being honored as the Medium Business of the Year by the West Chamber of Commerce. Citywide Banks is an independent, family owned business that has been focused on moving the Front Range community forward for more than 50 years. With client needs as their focus, they have created a unique bank-ing culture that continues to benefit their cli-ents as well as their employees and the broader Colorado community. This local focus means their customers’ de-posits stay in Colorado and get reinvested to help our community move forward. They work to help Colorado companies grow, ensure Coloradans’ financial assets are protected, and give a hand-up to our neighbors in need. Citywide Banks provides local businesses equipment financing, lines of credit, construc-tion loans and treasury management products to help simplify cash flow operations, strength-en fraud protection and maximize the earning power of their deposits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14FE8.017 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE189 February 14, 2017 
I extend my deepest congratulations to City-wide Banks for this well-deserved honor from the West Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CONGRESSMAN ROBERT GARCIA 
HON. JENNIFFER GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N 
OF PUERTO RICO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Miss GONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as Puerto Rico’s sole elected representative in Congress to speak about a great man who gave up his voting rights in order to live and die in the place he loved so much, my Puerto Rico. Former Congressman Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Garcia devoted his life to helping our nation become more open and diverse. Before 1990, being Hispanic was not even a classification in the census. Thanks to him, from 1990 on, His-panics are now counted. Thanks to him, we now know that there are nearly 60 million His-panics in America, over 50 million in the 50 states and over 3.4 million in Puerto Rico and the rest of our territories. Thanks to Bob Garcia, the early divisions between African-Americans and Hispanics began to heal. Thanks to his solidarity, our na-tion now devotes a federal holiday to honor the most important African-American in our nation’s history, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Thanks to Bob Garcia and his fellow Con-gressman Jack Kemp, a Republican, their good idea of creating Enterprise Zones, where poverty is fought through job creation and not through handouts, became a reality. Today I stand for the expansion of this program. Like hundreds of thousands of Puerto Ricans, Bob Garcia served in the United States Army, in his particular case during the Korean War as a radio operator with the Third Infantry Division. Yet, like his fellow veterans on the Island, his right to vote for the Presi-dent and a full-fledged delegation in the U.S. Congress was taken away the minute he moved to Puerto Rico. On a lighter note, every time I spoke to him, he would remind me that, since his first elec-tion to Congress in 1978, he had never voted for a Republican, that is, until he voted for me, a Republican woman, to represent him as a non-voting delegate in this House. I am honored that for three weeks, Bob was my constituent. He and his wife Jane moved a few years ago to Puerto Rico, knowing that in so doing, they, like the other 3.4 million U.S. citizens residing on the Island, would be-come disenfranchised. Last November, they couldn’t vote for the President, U.S. senators or voting members of Congress, but they chose me to be Puerto Rico’s sole elected voice in this chamber. Bob empowered me to fight to give him back his voting rights, not through relocation to the states, but in the Puerto Rico he chose to live the last days of his long, fruitful and accomplished life. Twelve days ago, while lying in state in the territorial Capitol building, Bob Garcia was honored by the people of Puerto Rico. Today, I join my fellow members in honoring a friend and mentor who left his mark in this body and in the history of a nation. May God bless Con-gressman Bob Garcia and his legacy. RECOGNIZING HOME DEPOT STORE 1234 FOR THEIR COMMITMENT TO SERVICE AND VOLUNTEERISM IN THE CITY OF BUFFALO HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the managers and em-ployees of Home Depot Store 1234, who have consistently gone out of their way to support and restore a clean and safe community in Buffalo, New York. Their service and work with community leaders is recognized today by None Like You/We Care Outreach and the City of Buffalo. Employees from the Service Desk, Pro Desk and the Garden, Paint and Plumbing de-partments have been instrumental in helping to restore several houses on Southampton Street and other areas in the Eastside and Westside of the City of Buffalo. They have given paint for inside and outside house projects for over 30 years and have also been a tremendous help in providing flowers, shrubs, bushes, top soil and mulch for the past several years. These materials have gone to help community gardens, and the properties of seniors, disabled residents and families who could not otherwise afford it. During the Christmas season, Home Depot Store 1234 has supplied None Like You/We Care Outreach and St. Luke’s Mission of Mercy with fresh cut Christmas trees for fami-lies in need. Mr. Speaker, I honor Home Depot Store 1234 and their admirable dedication to the City of Buffalo. Home Depot and its employ-ees have made many dreams come true for the citizens of our community and certainly de-serve this recognition by None Like You/We Care Outreach and the City of Buffalo. 
f 
BOOSTING RATES OF AMERICAN VETERAN EMPLOYMENT ACT 
SPEECH OF  
HON. HENRY C. ‘‘HANK’’ JOHNSON, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, February 13, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of H.R. 974, the Boosting Rates of American Veteran Employ-ment (BRAVE) Act. There is no question that post-9/11 veterans face a harsher economic reality than other Americans. Although in recent years the un-employment rate of post-9/11 veterans de-creased since the double digit highs of 2011, the veteran unemployment rate among vet-erans remains higher than the national aver-age. Those who have sacrificed most for our nation are often left behind or forgotten by businesses and employers when they return home. The transition from military to civilian life is a challenging one for many veterans, and we must address the harsh realities our veterans face when they attempt to reintegrate into the economy. As we consider the best ways to boost vet-eran employment in the 115th Congress, we must concentrate our efforts on what many major veterans organizations are urging us to do. The Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, and Veterans of Foreign Wars have all argued that the Department of Veterans Af-fairs, when granting contracts, should give preference to businesses that employ a high concentration of veterans on a full-time basis. This is a common-sense proposal. Each year the Department of Veterans Af-fairs contracts tens of billions of taxpayer dol-lars on various goods and services. H.R. 974 would ensure that when awarding a contract for goods or services, the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs give preference to businesses that employ full-time a high percentage of vet-erans. H.R. 974 would also grant the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs the power to debar for five years from contracting with the Depart-ment those offerors who willfully mispresent the veteran status of their employees. This discourages potential businesses from over-re-porting the percentage of veterans that make up their workforce. I believe that H.R. 974 would also have a ripple effect across other agencies in the gov-ernment and ultimately help a countless num-ber of veterans attain full-time employment. Today, there are an estimated 24,000 busi-nesses that work on federal contracts and em-ploy about 28 million workers in the process. In FY 2015, in my home state of Georgia, an estimated 50,000 workers were employed by Department of Defense contracts alone. In my opinion, H.R. 974 would spark other federal agencies to adopt similar provisions that would give preference to businesses that employ large concentrations of veterans on a full-time basis. I ask that my colleagues support this bill. f 
THE RETIREMENT OF MS. KAREN SPAR AFTER A 37-YEAR CAREER OF SERVICE AT THE CONGRES-SIONAL RESEARCH SERVICE (CRS) 
HON. KEVIN BRADY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to offer my congratulations and best wishes to Ms. Karen Spar on the occasion of her retire-ment from a lifetime of dedicated service at the Congressional Research Service. Since she began her career in 1980 at CRS, Karen has risen from an analyst to the head of the Children and Families Section and eventually the Division of Social Policy’s first Division Re-search Coordinator. In her early days as an analyst, Karen worked on major legislative initiatives of Amer-ican social policy, including the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1981, the Job Training Partnership Act of 1983, the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Act of 1996, and the Adoption and Safe Family Act of 1997. As head of the Children and Families Sec-tion, she supervised work in many of these same policy areas, including income support, child care, nutrition assistance, housing, child welfare, vulnerable youth, child support en-forcement, poverty, and others. Her leadership efforts shaped a disparate group of policy areas and analysts from different back-grounds. They became a coherent and highly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14FE8.008 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE190 February 14, 2017 
effective research group to support Members from both sides of the aisle. Of special importance to the Committee on Ways and Means, Karen has been a major contributor to nearly every one of the 23 edi-tions of the Committee’s Green Book, going back to its creation in 1980. She has contrib-uted sections on child care, child welfare, and the Social Services Block Grant. For more re-cent editions, she managed the extensive con-tributions from CRS and helped shepherd it into its new electronic format, which has en-abled the Committee to publish it on a more frequent and consistent basis. On behalf of especially the many Members of the Committee on Ways and Means who benefitted from her thoughtful work over her decades of service, I say thank you and con-gratulations to Karen Spar on an outstanding career. She truly has made a difference, which is a testament to her hard work and dedica-tion. I wish her nothing but the very best for all that awaits her in the future. 
f 
PHILIP WINN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to posthumously recognize and honor Philip Winn for his service and dedication to the State of Colorado. For more than forty years, Phil has had a remarkable career as a public servant to the citizens of Colorado. Starting in 1964, Phil worked for Witkin Homes and served as their Senior Vice Presi-dent until 1976. He then went on to become the Chairman of the Board of Philip D. Winn and Associates from 1976–1988. During that time, he also served as the Chairman of the Colorado Republican Party from 1979–1981. In 1981, under the Reagan Administration, Phil was appointed Assistant Secretary to the Federal Housing Commissioner of Housing and Urban Development. From 1983–1984, he was a member of the Federal National Mort-gage Advisory Council. In 1988, Phil was nominated to be the Ambassador of Switzer-land serving as such until 1989. He received many awards in his life including Man of the Year from the Home Builder’s Association in 1971 and Citizen of the Year from the Colo-rado Association of Housing and Building in 1981. One of Phil’s greatest accomplishments is the work he and his wife, Elle, have put into The Bridge Project at the University of Den-ver’s Graduate School of Social Work. Phil co- founded the Bridge Project in 1991 to provide educational opportunities and assistance in developing life skills for Denver’s low-income youth. Over the past 25 years, Phil and his wife have been leaders, donors, advisors and friends to the organization and its mission. They have helped make an impact on the lives of thousands of children and youth in Denver. I extend my deepest appreciation to Phil Winn for his service and dedication to the citi-zens of Colorado. His positive impacts will be felt for many years to come. RECOGNIZING BUFFALO STATE COLLEGE VOLUNTEER AND SERVICE LEARNING CENTER HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Buffalo State College’s Volunteer and Service Learning Center and their work and civic engagement throughout the City of Buffalo. Their partnerships across the city and collaborations with the east side and west side of Buffalo are recognized today by None Like You/We Care Outreach and the City of Buffalo. The Volunteer and Service-Learning Center was founded in 2004, and since that time 15,431 students have participated in 820 serv-ice-learning courses taught by 137 faculty members. Over 360,000 hours of service have been completed through academic service learning and 103 volunteer events have also engaged students directly with community or-ganizations. Approximately 250 region wide community organizations have partnered to meet community need while enhancing stu-dent learning. Service-learning is faculty driven, with fac-ulty members seeing the academic value in establishing partnerships to support student learning and meet community driven goals. In a recent community partner survey, 100 per-cent of respondents reported that service- learning impacted their organization in at least one positive way including increasing the num-ber of services offered, increasing the number of clients served, or assisting in meeting the organization’s mission. This significant commitment has also led to the college being placed on the President’s Community Service Honor Roll eight times in the past ten years. The President’s Honor Roll is the highest federal recognition an institution can receive for its commitment to community, service-learning, and civic engagement. For the 2015 honor roll application, Buffalo State identified more than 492,000 hours of commu-nity service activities during the 2014–15 aca-demic year by students, faculty, and staff in the Western New York region. One overarching goal of the new college strategic plan is to create an engaged campus community that fosters civic responsibility by increasing civic engagement and service- learning experiences, deepening commitments as an anchor institution, and expanding sup-port for faculty and students engaged in this work. Buffalo State’s President, Dr. Katherine Conway-Turner inspires the campus to en-gage in partnership to foster social responsi-bility. She, for example, hosts the annual Ben-gals Dare to Care: Buffalo State Community Service Day which last year saw 550 students, faculty, and staff engaged in a day of service with 22 community organizations. Mr. Speaker, I honor Buffalo State College and their commitment to volunteerism and service-learning in the Buffalo community. It is through these important partnerships that stu-dents are given the opportunity to examine and explore their role as citizens, and to iden-tify opportunities to become active citizens in Buffalo and beyond. There are numerous unique and innovative programs at Buffalo State that support student civic engagement and address education, social justice, refugee supports, and social responsibility across cam-pus and therefore are most deserving of this recognition by None Like You/We Care and the City of Buffalo. f 
RECOGNIZING DELTA SIGMA THETA SORORITY, INC. COLUM-BUS ALUMNAE’S FOUNDERS DAY LUNCHEON 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, today, I salute Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Incorporated. For 104 years and counting, Deltas have been strong advocates for our communities, the nation and around the globe. As a proud Delta myself, I had the honor to speak over the weekend to my fellow Sorors at the Columbus Alumnae Chapter’s 2017 Founders Day Luncheon. On Saturday, February 11th, I joined a room full of women standing up for civil rights and voting rights, equal pay for equal work, finan-cial literacy, and high-quality education for all children. Women committed to fighting for the 30 mil-lion newly-insured Americans through the Af-fordable Care Act as well as seniors and indi-viduals with disabilities who rely on Social Se-curity, Medicare and Medicaid. Yes, we the more than 200,000 strong, rep-resenting 1,000 chapters around the world, are working to honor our rich past by focusing on the future. Thanks to the amazing leadership of Colum-bus Chapter President Deidra Reese and Na-tional President Dr. Paulette Walker, that fu-ture looks brighter than ever. Go Deltas. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MOREHOUSE COLLEGE’S 150TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and pleasure to rise today to recog-nize my alma mater, Morehouse College in At-lanta, Georgia, as it celebrates 150 years of educating, training, and empowering out-standing leaders. The year-long Sesquicenten-nial Celebration began in January 2017 and will include many events for students, faculty, staff, administrators, donors, families, and friends of Morehouse College. The theme of the Celebration is A House United, which highlights Morehouse’s position as a unifying force around the globe and here at home. Tracing its roots back to the Reconstruction Era after the Civil War, Morehouse College was founded in 1867 as the Augusta Theo-logical Institute in Augusta, Georgia. The school was founded by Rev. William Jefferson White with the encouragement of Rev. Richard Coulter and Rev. Edmund Turney, and it aimed to prepare black men for ministry and teaching. In 1879, the Augusta Theological Institute moved to the basement of Friendship Baptist 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14FE8.011 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE191 February 14, 2017 
Church in Atlanta and was renamed the At-lanta Baptist Seminary. In 1885, the institution relocated to its current site in Atlanta’s West End community. The seminary became a lib-eral arts college and was subsequently re-named the Atlanta Baptist College. During these early years in Morehouse history, the in-stitution expanded its curriculum and estab-lished the tradition of educating leaders for all areas of life. In 1913, Atlanta Baptist College was renamed Morehouse College after the corresponding secretary of the Northern Bap-tist Home Mission Society, Henry L. More-house. Throughout its 150-year history, Morehouse College has made a significant mark on our state, our nation, and the world. Here, many notable men gained the knowledge and train-ing that enabled them to become some of the greatest influencers of our time, including Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.; noted theologian, Dr. Howard Thurman; civil rights leader, Julian Bond; filmmaker Shelton ‘‘Spike’’ Lee; Olympic gold medalist Edwin Moses; CEO of the Sil-icon Valley Community Foundation, Emmitt Carson; and many more. Morehouse principles often instill a desire for public service to benefit mankind. In the United States Congress, Representative C
EDRIC RICHMOND , Chairman of the Congres-sional Black Caucus, as well as many staff members and former Members of Congress, hold degrees from Morehouse. U.S. Presi-dents have relied on alumni such as former Secretary of Homeland Security, Jeh Johnson; former Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices, Dr. Louis Sullivan; former Surgeon Gen-eral, Dr. David Satcher; and former U.S. Am-bassador to the United Nations, James Nabrit. Around the country, state and local govern-ments have been led by alumni such as May-nard H. Jackson, the first African-American mayor of Atlanta, Georgia. As a 1968 graduate of Morehouse College, this one-of-a-kind institution has a special place in my heart. During my matriculation, I got to know on a personal level the late Dr. Benjamin Elijah Mays, the most renowned President of Morehouse who was a mentor to Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Through him, I met Dr. King during his life, followed him in protest marches, and sang at his funeral, which was held on the campus and attended by many national and international luminaries. Today, under the leadership of the 11th President of Morehouse College, Dr. John Silvanus Wilson, Jr., also an alumnus, the school continues to be consistently ranked as one of the top colleges in the nation and among the highest respected Historically Black Colleges and Universities. As the nation’s larg-est liberal arts college for men, Morehouse has conferred more bachelor’s degrees on black men than any other institution in the world. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Morehouse College for 150 years of preparing young men to aspire to unique and distinctive goals while leading lives of leadership and service. This institution was born out of the death of slavery in America, it guided young black men through the era of segregation in the South, and it continues to empower marginalized populations against the oppression still prevalent in the world today. It is my hope that the generations of Morehouse Men of today and tomorrow will continue the progress and continue to leave their marks on our nation and the world. RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF DR. ROBERT M. WOODS HON. DANNY K. DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the life of Dr. Rob-ert M. Woods. Dr. Robert Mathew Woods, Evangelist, age 86, passed away on February 8, 2017. Born on June 2, 1930 in Gallatin, Tennessee, Dr. Woods was the only son born to James Herkless (Herk) and Susie Woods. He had four sisters, Amanda, Mymie, Lottie, and Elsie, (all deceased). At the age of eleven, he en-rolled in the Nashville Christian Institute (NCI), in Nashville, Tennessee. The late Bro. Mar-shall Keeble was president at the time. Dr. Woods preached his first sermon at age elev-en and soon started to travel with Bro. Keeble as one of his ‘‘Boy Preachers’’. In 1949, he graduated from NCI and moved back to Gallatin, where he became the min-ister of his home congregation. In 1952, he married Anna Holiday and moved to the Chi-cago area. Dr. Woods served as minister of Monroe Street Church of Christ from Sep-tember, 1952 until he retired on December 31, 1997, at which time he was ordained as Min-ister Emeritus. After the death of his first wife, Anna, Dr. Woods married the former Sara Marie Taylor. Dr. Woods was instrumental in implementing numerous programs during his tenure at Mon-roe Street Church of Christ. Among them are: a Summer Day Camp, an Intensive Teacher Training Program, an active Jail Ministry in the Cook County Jail where numerous inmates have been baptized in the Church, a Tutoring Program, Adopt-A-Child Program, and an Evangelism Outreach Program. He actively participated with the Block Club and the Mid-west Community Council. He has conducted Gospel Meetings in many cities in the United States, as well as Bermuda and Nassau. He was often called upon to speak at multi-cultural functions to share views about the uniqueness of fellowship between blacks and whites. He often speaks on Na-tional, Southwestern, and Regional Lectureships. He served as a member of the Advisory Board for both the Midwest Lectureship and the Midwest Youth Con-ference. He has been a Trustee for South-western Christian College for over fifty years. He received an Honorary Doctorate from Southwestern Christian College in 1992. After retiring, Dr. Woods and his wife, Sara Marie moved to Villa Rica, Georgia. There they continued their work for the Lord’s Church; actively serving as Minister at the Hayes-Glass Church of Christ in Breman, Georgia. He is survived by his wife, Sara Marie; Daughters, Sue and Sheri; Son, Stephen; Grandchildren, Ericka, Kilian and Janiah; Great-Grandchildren, Kilian, Erick and Baron, and numerous other family & friends. Dr. Woods was often soft spoken and his messages carried great weight. It was nothing uncommon for two of our community’s most endeared and beloved citizens to repeat or say what Pastor Brother Woods had told them or preached about; my barber for about thirty years, Lawyer Stevens and Ms. Nancy Jeffer-son, Executive of the Midwest Community Council, whom we called our community’s Mother Theresa. Both of them were two of Brother Woods’ star pupils and ardent parishioners and I am sure they would want people to know this. May he rest in peace and in love. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STAN SIMPSON FOR HIS COMMITMENT TO SERVICE AND VOLUNTEERISM IN THE CITY OF BUFFALO 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Mr. Stan Simpson, a dedicated volunteer and resident of Buffalo, New York. Stan’s tireless service is recog-nized today by None Like You/We Care Out-reach and the City of Buffalo. Mr. Simpson is a U.S. Navy veteran and the father of two. He has worked for the city court as a liaison for 11 years; he advises alumni of the Buffalo City Drug Court and is also a pa-tient health navigator at GBUAHN. Stan is an important leader and role model for community youth. He spends his weekends and the summer months working with young men volunteering with None Like You Out-reach Program and other agencies that focus on children. He is always eager to teach youth valuable life skills all while building their con-fidence and character. Stan takes great pride in passing along his wisdom about maintaining and beautifying properties throughout the city. Mr. Simpson’s help is also crucial in exe-cuting None Like You’s Thanksgiving and Christmas dinners. He always makes himself available to aid in organization, arranging vol-unteers and personally cooking and preparing food. He is often vice chair for community meetings. Each week he picks up and delivers food and clothing to those in need, and has helped with many United Way Day of Caring projects. In 1996, Stan’s commitment was vital to the restoration of multiple properties on Southampton and Sycamore Streets. Stan prides himself in the way he has changed his own life and encourages others to do the same by getting involved in the community and seeking out ways to give to others. Mr. Speaker, I honor Mr. Stan Simpson and his admirable dedication to the City of Buffalo. His commitment to our youth and the rehabili-tation of the community is exceptional, and he is most deserving of this recognition by None Like You/We Care and the City of Buffalo. 
f 
PASTOR GEORGE MORRISON AND CHERYL MORRISON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and honor Pastor George Morrison and his wife, Cheryl Morrison, for their service and dedication to their community and the Faith Bible Chapel. As devoted servants of the Lord, Pastor George Morrison has served the Faith Bible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14FE8.013 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE192 February 14, 2017 
Chapel with faith, devotion and integrity for 33 years. Under his leadership, and with Cheryl by his side, the church has grown in member-ship and expanded in the community to meet the needs of every age group. Prior to joining Faith Bible Chapel, Pastor George Morrison served as a lay pastor and owned a construc-tion company in Arvada, Colorado. Cheryl Morrison has also inspired many throughout her work in the community and at Faith Bible Chapel. She has served as a men-tor to individuals in the community, and has been very involved with Christians United for Israel including leading a group of 37 pastors from the U.S. who will be visiting Israel with Pastor George Morrison in 2017. Together, they also serve in various leader-ship capacities across a variety of local orga-nizations. They have spoken at numerous leadership conferences both in the U.S. and overseas, and Pastor George Morrison au-thored a book entitled, If It’s Not Broken, Break It. In addition, Pastor George and Cheryl have both received numerous awards, citations and commendations in both the sec-ular and Christian communities for their serv-ice. I extend my deepest appreciation to Pastor George and Cheryl Morrison for their service and dedication to the Faith Bible Chapel congregants and our community. 
f 
HONORING A DISTINGUISHED RE-PORTER AND COMMENTATOR, BRUCE D
EPUYT 
HON. JAMIE RASKIN 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a distinguished reporter and commen-tator, Bruce DePuyt, on the occasion of his re-tirement from News Channel 8. For over 25 years, Mr. DePuyt has been a steadfast and trusted source of news for millions of people in Maryland, Washington, D.C. and Virginia. As most recently the producer and host of NewsTalk on WJLA News Channel 8, he has covered with true zeal, old-fashioned erudition and relentless energy not only local news but national and international news, weaving them together to create the special news ethos of the Washington area. His journalistic excel-lence has been recognized by local institutions such as the Washington Blade, which listed him as Best TV Personality of 2013, and the Washington City Paper, which named him Best Newsmaker of 2010. Mr. DePuyt is wide-ly respected among his fellow print and broad-cast journalists, who compete to have him as a commentator. I have had the privilege to wit-ness firsthand, both as a guest on his show and as a loyal member of the audience, Mr. DePuyt’s exemplary skill as an interviewer and piercing insight as an analyst. Although a bull-dog for a straight answer, he can always be trusted to facilitate fair, enlightening and com-pelling conversations on the essential topics of the day. Please join me and many residents of Mary-land, as well as our friends in Virginia and D.C., as we thank Mr. DePuyt for his many years of service in educating and informing the community. He has made great journalistic contributions already, and we congratulate him on his rich and impressive career and wish him well in all of his future endeavors as a journalist and a citizen. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, because of flight cancellations due to inclement weather, I was unable to vote on Roll Call 86 and 87. I would have voted Aye on Roll Call 86 and 87 had I been there. 
f 
A POETIC TRIBUTE TO FALLEN NAVY SEAL RYAN OWENS 
HON. DARIN LaHOOD 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. L
AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart at the passing of one of my constituents, an American hero, Navy SEAL Ryan Owens, who was killed on a mission in Yemen on January 29, 2017. Our prayers and thoughts go out to his loved ones, loving wife, and three beautiful children. Our Nation owes a great debt of gratitude to these magnificent members of our Armed Forces and their fami-lies for their selflessness. Give thanks to them each day as you hold your family close. I in-clude in the R
ECORD this poem penned in his honor by Albert Carey Caswell. 
RYAN’SSONG Ryan’s Song, so loud and long, so very strong, will live on and on, On and on, As an American Hero, as it’s oh so clear oh, now that he’s gone, He will live on, Now, up in heaven where he belongs, Moments Are all we have, To fight the evil, to vanquish the bad, To make a difference, all in the short time we have, To bring the light, all in our hearts of courage full shining bright, Upon, death’s altar in this never ending fight, Of Good vs Evil, there are but our Lord’s chosen people who fight the fight, who will defend our freedoms with all their might, Who with their band of brothers, as like none others, side by side to their left, to their right A freedom fighter, For there can be no brighter light, Who for each other are so willing to die in this fight, With kind of selflessness which brings tears to even the Angels’ eyes, way up high on this night, For there can be no greater gift or treasure, than To Give That Last Full Measure, Then, to lay down one’s life, To leave your three beautiful children, and your loved ones and your most loving wife, As it’s for you Ryan and your family, we all so cry this night, For you have blessed our Nation with all your light, And all across Peoria this night, there comes a gentle rain, As you lay your heads down to rest, all in your heartache that which remains, Are but our Lord’s tears to wash down upon your family Ryan, to so ease your pain, Until, once again up in heaven you will meet again, And you won’t have to cry again, Better to die for something, than to live for nothing at all, For this was but Ryan’s clarion call, Mount up my son, for your new battle has just begun, As an Angel in The Army of our Lord as you now must run, To continue this battle which must be won, And we will hear you on the breeze, And we will see you in places so all at ease, As we will awake in the morning so all in peace, knowing you were watching over us all in our sleep, As now we lay your most sacred body down to rest, At Ease my son, sealed with a kiss, Ryan you were and will always be one of America’s Best, Her son, Hush little children don’t you cry, one day up in heaven you will look into your fine Father’s eyes, Amen —Albert Carey Caswell In memory of a magnificent American hero, Navy SEAL Ryan Owens. May God watch over his family and hold them in his arms. 
f 
RECOGNIZING BOB AND LINDA KUEBLER FOR THEIR COMMIT-MENT TO SERVICE AND VOL-UNTEERISM IN THE CITY OF BUFFALO 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Mr. Bob Kuebler and his wife, Mrs. Linda Thornhill Kuebler, dedicated volunteers and residents of Buffalo, New York. Their tireless service is recognized today by None Like You/We Care Outreach and the City of Buffalo. Fifteen years ago, Bob founded Youth With a Purpose (YWAP) at the Holy Cross building on the West Side of Buffalo. The mission of YWAP is to inspire inner city youth to develop as God’s leaders who overcome the mindset of segregation, poverty and violence. Bob and his team continue to teach young people how to cope with pain and develop perseverance as they seek purpose and direction in their life. Linda has helped Bob as an YWAP direc-tor and prayer leader who is loved by the community she serves. The Kueblers live on the East Side of Buf-falo where they maintain a park on the corner of Carlton Street. Through their work with None Like You/We Care and YWAP, Bob and Linda provide activities for youth, clean and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14FE8.010 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE193 February 14, 2017 
develop community gardens, help elderly resi-dents and are active during the holiday sea-son serving at the Thanksgiving and Christ-mas dinners and giveaways. Bob fulfills his dream of helping as many people as he can by travelling outside of the city to pick up furniture and supplies for those in need, his constant involvement with young adult volunteers at local colleges and his time and effort in the community gardens. Mr. Speaker, I honor Mr. and Mrs. Kuebler and their admirable dedication to the City of Buffalo and the youth of our community. The Kueblers’ commitment to their community is exceptional, and they are most deserving of this recognition by None Like You/We Care and the City of Buffalo. 
f 
THE WINGMAN ACT (H.R. 244) 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the House on the pas-sage of the WINGMAN Act. The WINGMAN Act will allow designated Congressional staffers to work with the De-partment of Veterans Affairs to expedite the resolution of veterans’ claims and better serve constituents. The need for this legislation is best illus-trated by example. One of my constituents, John Harrison, has been battling with the VA over multiple claims for many years. He has continuously dealt with frustration, stagnation, and complications due to poor communication from the VA. In November 2016, Mr. Harrison was noti-fied that one of his longstanding claims was closed. The VA claimed it closed the case be-cause Mr. Harrison failed to submit a rebuttal to the VA’s decision in an appropriate time-frame. However, Mr. Harrison did in fact submit the rebuttal, and he did so long before the dead-line. Mr. Harrison was denied access to his benefits due to disorganization and miscommunication by the VA. Unfortunately, lack of transparency and delays in communication are regular occur-rences for veterans seeking to resolve claims with the VA. Like many veterans, Mr. Harrison is a captive of the processmk-There is no way for him to know who is handling his claim or how his claim is being resolved. The WINGMAN Act will help address prob-lems like those experienced by Mr. Harrison by increasing access to essential documenta-tion for Congressional staffers working on cases, expediting claims’ resolution, and pro-viding for better communication regarding claims decisions. It is critical that we establish policies to process claims more efficiently and provide better care for our veterans. This bill will allow the excellent caseworkers in my office, and others across the country, to help the VA be more efficient, and more importantly, to help veterans access their benefits. I am proud to support and cosponsor the WINGMAN Act to help ensure veterans across the United States receive timely access to the benefits they earned and deserve. LOCALWORKS HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Localworks for being hon-ored with the Nonprofit of the Year Award by the West Chamber of Commerce. Initially incorporated as Wheat Ridge 2020, the organization was renamed in 2015 to bet-ter reflect their purpose. Localworks connects residents and businesses in order to create a vibrant and more engaged community. Through programs like Harvest and Active, Localworks brings residents together to learn about urban farming, attend local fitness class-es or learn more about canning fruits and vegetables. In 2016, Localworks held more than 60 events aimed at connecting residents through common interests and activities. Each year, Localworks hosts seven events to attract people to the Wheat Ridge business district. In 2016, more than 19,000 people at-tended events on Ridge at 38 such as the Criterium and Brewfest, Ridgefest, Trunk or Treat, Friday Night Live and the Holiday Cele-bration. In 2016, the organization also offered bus tours of Wheat Ridge and hauled away more than 1,000 cubic yards of junk from local neighborhoods through a partnership with the Wheat Ridge Police Department. They also provided loans to residents and businesses for property improvements and were recently awarded a very competitive three-year ‘‘Active Living Neighborhood’’ grant through Kaiser Permanente and The Denver Foundation. These contributions to the Wheat Ridge Com-munity are made possible by volunteers who contributed more than 2,000 hours to the or-ganization. I extend my deepest congratulations to Localworks for this well-deserved honor from the West Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DIANE PESCH- SAVATTERI FOR HER COMMIT-MENT TO SERVICE AND VOL-UNTEERISM IN THE CITY OF BUFFALO 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Mrs. Diane Pesch- Savatteri, a dedicated volunteer and resident of Buffalo, New York. Diane’s tireless service is recognized today by None Like You/We Care Outreach and the City of Buffalo. Diane is a graduate of the State University of New York at Buffalo and is a proud mother and grandmother. She is the president of Concordia Cemetery, a board member of None Like You/ We Care Outreach, and a vol-unteer for the American Red Cross Disaster Relief. Diane is a developmental Disabilities Program Specialist for the New York State- WNY Developmental Disabilities Services of-fice where she advocates for, and teaches and trains her patients. As president of Concordia Cemetery, Mrs. Pesch-Savatteri had led a valiant effort to transform the abandoned cemetery into a place of history, beauty and serenity. While serving on the None Like You/We Care Out-reach board, she has been a tremendous help in aiding with the organization, preparation and execution of their annual Christmas and Thanksgiving dinners. She also supervises volunteers and uses her experience in social work to help those in need. Mr. Speaker, I honor Mrs. Diane Pesch- Savatteri and her admirable dedication to the City of Buffalo. Her commitment to the reha-bilitation and beautification of the community is exceptional, and she is most deserving of this recognition by None Like You/We Care and the City of Buffalo. f 
DERRICK CRANDALL RECEIVING THE CORPS CHAMPION AWARD 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate my constituent, Derrick Crandall, on receiving the American Recreation Coali-tion’s Corps Champion Award. Mr. Crandall has diligently supported efforts to bolster the outdoor economy and recreation opportunities for all, including our youth. Since 1981, Mr. Crandall has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the American Recreation Coalition. The Wash-ington-based nonprofit organization aims to enhance and preserve outdoor recreational opportunities and protect environmental re-sources. Upon joining the organization, Mr. Crandall quickly became the national voice of outdoor recreation. He has played an impor-tant role in dozens of public policy programs including the National Scenic Byways Pro-gram, Recreation Fee Demonstration Pro-gram, Recreational Trails Program, Wallop- Breaux Program, and the National Recreation Lakes Study Commission. Mr. Crandall’s efforts have been recognized in many respects. He has received several na-tional awards and recognitions such as induc-tion into the RV Hall of Fame, the receipt of the Annual Award of the National Association of State Boating Law Administrators, and the Chevron Conservation Award. Additionally, he has served as the Chairman of the Take Pride America Advisory Board and as a Founding Director of the National Forest Foundation; in each role he was appointed by the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture respectively. His dedication to improving and preserving outdoor recreational activities is evident through his illustrious career of dedication and accomplishments. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Mr. Crandall on receiving the American Recreation Coalition’s Corps Champion Award. It is a privilege to represent him and I wish him all the best in his future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE8.021 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE194 February 14, 2017 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. CHELLIE PINGREE 
OF MAINE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present and voting in the House of Rep-resentatives on February 13, 2017 due to weather conditions in my home state of Maine that prevented me from travel. If I had been present and voting, I would have voted Aye on Roll Call vote 86 and Aye on Roll Call vote 87 to H.R. 244 and H.R. 974 respectively. 
f 
HONORING THE NATIONAL ASSO-CIATION FOR THE ADVANCE-MENT OF COLORED PEOPLE (NAACP) ON ITS 108TH ANNIVER-SARY 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as a proud member of the Con-gressional Black Caucus, I am pleased to join my colleagues in honoring the National Asso-ciation for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) for its 108th Anniversary after the or-ganization was first founded on February 12, 1909. The NAACP is a prominent African- American civil rights organization in the cen-turies-old fight for social, economic, and polit-ical equality under the law for all Americans. The NAACP is an organization that is deep-ly rooted in our nation’s history. It is the oldest and largest civil rights orga nization in the United States. The NAACP is founded on the noble pillars of equality, non-discrimination, and morality, and has historically been suc-cessful in achieving its goals through non-violent protest, education, and legal and moral persuasion. The NAACP was pivotal in the passage of historic pieces of legislation such as the Civil Rights Act, the Voting Rights Act, and countless other legal victories in our na-tion’s history. As a member of the African-American com-munity, fighting for the rights of African-Ameri-cans, and other minority populations across the country, is of personal significance. Our desire to bring equal treatment and rights to all Americans has helped fuel the diversity and strengths that we as a country enjoy today. It is through our differences that we are able to see value in many different perspectives. However, it was not without struggle to arrive at this point and we have organizations such as the NAACP, in part, to thank for the rec-onciliation of past harms while having the tools to address new challenges. Mr. Speaker, it is important that we recog-nize the contributions and struggles of the people behind organizations such as the NAACP so that we can learn from our past and avoid making the same mistakes again in the future. The NAACP continues to be a leader in raising awareness around social issues facing our country today, such as threats to voting rights. We owe it to future generations to continue the legacy of the NAACP, so that we can continue to build a stronger and better nation for our children. ADWEST CONSULTING, INC. NANCY CREGO HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize AdWest Consulting, Inc. for being honored as the Woman-Owned Busi-ness of the Year by the West Chamber of Commerce. AdWest Consulting was founded in Jeffer-son County in 1986 by Nancy Crego. AdWest delivers multi-media branding, community mar-keting and publications through video, film and magazines. The AdWest team is local and col-laborates with more than 400 Colorado clients to promote their businesses and messages. It currently publishes the West Chamber’s Best of Business magazine and the award-winning Wellness Living Magazine. AdWest also pub-lishes the Colorado Women’s Chamber of Commerce directory and magazine. Nancy’s career spans four decades of serv-ing her community and understanding the needs of women who own companies as they balance family and career. She has worked with dozens of nonprofit associations and business groups. Currently, she volunteers for the Colorado Symphony Orchestra Guild, Plan Jeffco, and Mount Vernon County Club Metro District Financial Planning Committee. I extend my deepest congratulations to AdWest Consulting for this well-deserved honor from the West Chamber of Commerce. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CONTRIBU-TIONS OF MS. MONTANA BYERS TO THE UNITED STATES CON-GRESS AND CALIFORNIA’S 11TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT IN THE SPRING OF 2017 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an exceptional young woman who is spending the spring semester interning in my Washington, D.C. office. Ms. Montana Byers came to our office as part of the Uni- Capitol Washington Internship Programme (UCWIP), and has been a valuable contributor to our efforts on behalf of California’s Eleventh Congressional District. Since 2000, UCWIP has worked with con-gressional offices to foster strong ties and un-derstanding between the United States and Australian governments by bringing the best and the brightest from top Australian univer-sities to intern on Capitol Hill. I am proud to be involved in this wonderful program for the second year in a row. Montana Byers, a student from the Univer-sity of Wollongong, has worked in our office since January and quickly proved herself to be a highly valuable member of our team. She has drafted legislative requests, attended briefings, written constituent mail, and re-searched important issues, among many other duties. She consistently displays a deep de-sire to learn and treats everyone that she en-counters with respect. Her hard work and dedication is a tremendous asset to our office and the Eleventh Congressional District. My team has learned a great deal from Montana about her native country as she has learned about the United States and the U.S. Congress. She is an absolute pleasure to have in the office and I offer her my thanks for a job well done. I wish her the best of luck in all of her future endeavors. f 
RECOGNIZING MARK AND CYNTHIA CRAIG FOR THEIR COMMITMENT TO SERVICE AND VOL-UNTEERISM IN THE CITY OF BUFFALO 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Mr. and Mrs. Mark and Cynthia Craig, dedicated volunteers and resi-dents of Buffalo, New York. Their tireless serv-ice is recognized today by None Like You/ We Care Outreach and the City of Buffalo. Mark is a Buffalo native, a University at Buf-falo graduate and was employed by County Lime Stone in Akron for 36 years. Cynthia moved to Buffalo in 1984 and began work with the New York State Department of Health Bu-reau of Funeral Directing. Since 1987 she has worked in the New York State Department of Cemeteries and is a New York State Licensed Funeral Director. The Craigs are a great team who have been a part of None Like You/We Care Outreach program since 2000. They have served on the board, worked on the reorganization and reha-bilitation of the Concordia Cemetery and have served thousands over the past 15 years at Thanksgiving and Christmas dinners with None Like You/ We Care Outreach. Mark and Cynthia have been instrumental in the reconstruction of abandoned houses in the City of Buffalo and have helped supervise summer and student volunteers who help to clean up empty lots and build community gar-dens. Mr. Speaker, I honor Mr. and Mrs. Craig and their admirable dedication to the City of Buffalo. The Craig’s commitment to their com-munity is exceptional, and they are most de-serving of this recognition by None Like You/ We Care and the City of Buffalo. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE HOTEL CHINESE ASSOCIATION OF USA ON THEIR 10TH ANNIVERSARY GALA 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Hotel Chinese Association (HCA) of USA on their 10th Anniversary Gala. Over the past decade, the Hotel Chinese Association of USA has been a leader in the New York City immigrant community. By pro-viding assistance to workers in the Hospitality industry, the HCA has helped thousands of hotel workers in their 10 year history. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14FE8.020 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE195 February 14, 2017 
Founded in 2007, the HCA’s mission is to promote the understanding of the rights and responsibilities of hotel employees, primarily immigrant workers, who have language and cultural barriers. HCA coordinates with hotel unions and management, as well as recruiting and training immigrants, many of whom aim to have a career in the hospitality industry in New York City. The HCA has become an important anchor in New York’s Chinese community by offering communication assistance and vocational training to Chinese employees. Whether it is providing networking and job opportunities, education, or cultural activities, the HCA aims to assist and lift up striving employees and give them the tools they need for success. I thank and congratulate the HCA for their 10 years of continuous service to our commu-nity and hope they continue to be a fixture in New York City. TRIBUTE TO UNITED WAY OF CENTRAL IOWA 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 14, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate United Way of Central Iowa on celebrating their 100th year in service to the communities of Central Iowa. Over the last 100 years, United Way of Central Iowa has brought together non-profits, local organizations, elected officials and a whole host of others to make a long-lasting impact on the central Iowa community. Be-cause of their hard work and dedication to im-proving the lives of others, they have tackled some of the most challenging issues their community faces. With the unique ability to bring together people and organizations from all walks of life, United Way of Central Iowa has championed vast and noticeable improve-ments throughout central Iowa. By focusing on education, families and healthy living they have impacted the lives of so many and left a lasting mark on central Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I commend and congratulate United Way of Central Iowa for their many years of dedicated and devoted service to central Iowa. They have made a difference by serving others and it is with great honor that I recognize them today. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating them on this historic milestone and in wishing them nothing but continues success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:11 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14FE8.023 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D153 Tuesday, February 14, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate confirmed the nomination of Linda E. McMahon, of Connecticut, to be Administrator of the Small Business Administration. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1135–S1163 Measures Introduced: Twelve bills were intro-duced, as follows: S. 367–378.
                           Page S1161 
Measures Passed: Promoting Women in Entrepreneurship Act: Senate passed H.R. 255, to authorize the National Science Foundation to support entrepreneurial pro-grams for women.
                                                      Page S1163 
Inspiring the Next Space Pioneers, Innovators, Researchers, and Explorers (INSPIRE) Women Act: Senate passed H.R. 321, to inspire women to enter the aerospace field, including science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathematics, through mentorship and outreach.
                                      Page S1163 
Measures Considered: Social Security Administration Rule Relating to Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act—Agreement: Senate began con-sideration of H.J. Res. 40, providing for congres-sional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Social Se-curity Administration relating to Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007, after agreeing to the motion to proceed. 
                                                                Pages S1142–49, S1149–57 
Prior to the consideration of this measure, Senate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S1142 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that following Leader remarks on Wednes-day, February 15, 2017, there be 10 minutes of de-bate remaining, equally divided, on the joint resolu-tion, and Senate vote on passage of the joint resolu-tion, without intervening action or debate; and that following disposition of the joint resolution, there be 10 minutes of debate, equally divided, prior to a vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomina-tion of Mick Mulvaney, of South Carolina, to be Di-rector of the Office of Management and Budget, and if cloture is invoked, post-cloture time be counted as if invoked at 1 a.m., on Wednesday, February 15, 2017.                                                                                Page S1156 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the joint resolu-tion at approximately 10 a.m., on Wednesday, Feb-ruary 15, 2017, under the previous order.
   Page S1163 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 81 yeas to 19 nays (Vote No. EX. 65), Linda E. McMahon, of Connecticut, to be Administrator of the Small Business Administration.
         Pages S1138–42 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S1160 
Measures Referred:                                         Pages S1160–61 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S1161 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S1161–62 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S1162–63 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S1159–60 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S1163 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1163 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—65)
                                                                   Page S1142 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 5:59 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Wednesday, February 15, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1163.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14FE7.REC D14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD154 February 14, 2017 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported 3 nominations in the Army and Navy. Also, committee adopted its rules of procedure for the 115th Congress. LONG-TERM DEFENSE CHALLENGES Committee on Armed Services: Committee received a closed briefing on long-term defense challenges and strategies from Robert O. Work, Deputy Secretary, General Paul J. Selva, USAF, Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and James H. Baker, Director, Office of Net Assessment, Office of the Secretary, all of the Department of Defense. SINGLE SERVICEMEMBER AND MILITARY FAMILY READINESS PROGRAMS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Per-sonnel concluded a hearing to examine Department of Defense single servicemember and military family readiness programs, after receiving testimony from Sergeant Major of the Army Daniel A. Dailey, USA, Master Chief Petty Officer of the Navy Steven S. Giordano, USN, Sergeant Major of the Marine Corps Ronald L. Green, USMC, Chief Master Sergeant of the Air Force James A. Cody, USAF, and Stephanie Barna, Acting Assistant Secretary for Manpower and Reserve Affairs, all of the Department of Defense; Kathy Roth-Douquet, Blue Star Families; and Joyce W. Raezer, National Military Family Association. SEMIANNUAL MONETARY POLICY REPORT TO THE CONGRESS Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress, after receiving testimony from Janet L. Yellen, Chair, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 30 pub-lic bills, H.R. 1029–1058; and 7 resolutions, H.J. Res. 72–73; H. Con. Res. 23–24; and H. Res. 124–126 were introduced.
                            Pages H1183–84 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H1186 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H. Res. 123, providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 43) providing for congres-sional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by Secretary of Health and Human Services relating to compli-ance with title X requirements by project recipients in selecting subrecipients; providing for consider-ation of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 69) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the De-partment of the Interior relating to ‘‘Non-Subsist-ence Take of Wildlife, and Public Participation and Closure Procedures, on National Wildlife Refuges in Alaska’’; and providing for proceedings during the period from February 17, 2017, through February 24, 2017 (H. Rept. 115–12).
                             Page H1183 Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Fleischmann to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H1129 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:06 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H1136 
Recess: The House recessed at 1:56 p.m. and recon-vened at 2:15 p.m.
                                                   Page H1151 
Disapproving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by States for non-governmental em-ployees and Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings ar-rangements established by qualified State polit-ical subdivisions for non-governmental employ-ees—Rule for consideration: The House agreed to H. Res. 116, providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 66) disapproving the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Labor relating to sav-ings arrangements established by States for non-gov-ernmental employees, and providing for consider-ation of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 67) dis-approving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14FE7.REC D14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D155 February 14, 2017 
by qualified State political subdivisions for non-gov-ernmental employees, by a recorded vote of 227 ayes to 188 noes, Roll No. 91, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 227 yeas to 188 nays, Roll No. 90.
               Pages H1139–45, H1152–54 
Recess: The House recessed at 3:52 p.m. and recon-vened at 4:15 p.m.
                                                   Page H1159 
Red River Gradient Boundary Survey Act: The House passed H.R. 428, to survey the gradient boundary along the Red River in the States of Okla-homa and Texas, by a yea-and-nay vote of 250 yeas to 171 nays, Roll No. 92.
         Pages H1154–59, H1159–60 
H. Res. 99, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 428) and the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 42) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 225 ayes to 187 noes, Roll No. 89, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 225 yeas to 189 nays, Roll No. 88. 
                                                                Pages H1145–54, H1151–52 
Privileged Resolution: The House agreed to H. Con. Res. 23, providing for a joint session of Con-gress to receive a message from the President. 
                                                                                            Page H1160 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and two recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H1151–52, H1152, H1152–53, H1153–54, H1159–60. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:49 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
THE EVOLVING THREAT OF TERRORISM AND EFFECTIVE COUNTERTERRORISM STRATEGIES Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Evolving Threat of Terrorism and Effective Counterterrorism Strategies’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. RESTORING BALANCE AND FAIRNESS TO THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions held a hearing entitled ‘‘Restoring Balance and Fairness to the National Labor Relations Board’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. SELF-DRIVING CARS: ROAD TO DEPLOYMENT Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection held a hearing entitled ‘‘Self-Driving Cars: Road to Deploy-ment’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. DEFEATING TERRORISM IN SYRIA: A NEW WAY FORWARD Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Defeating Terrorism in Syria: A New Way Forward’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. THE FUTURE OF FEMA: STAKEHOLDER RECOMMENDATIONS FOR THE NEXT ADMINISTRATOR Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communica-tions held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of FEMA: Stakeholder Recommendations for the Next Admin-istrator’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. JUDICIAL TRANSPARENCY AND ETHICS Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet held a hearing entitled ‘‘Judicial Transparency and Ethics’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 195, the ‘‘Fed-eral Register Printing Savings Act of 2017’’; H.R. 624, the ‘‘Social Security Fraud Prevention Act of 2017’’; H.R. 998, the ‘‘Searching for and Cutting Regulations that are Unnecessarily Burdensome Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1004, the ‘‘Regulatory Integrity Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1009, the ‘‘OIRA Insight, Reform, and Accountability Act’’; and H.R. 1003, the ‘‘Dis-trict of Columbia Courts and Public Defender Serv-ice Voluntary Separation Incentive Payments Act’’. H.R. 624 was ordered reported, as amended. The following bills were ordered reported, without amendment: H.R. 195, H.R. 998, H.R. 1004, H.R. 1009, and H.R. 1003. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14FE7.REC D14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD156 February 14, 2017 
HOUSE JOINT RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL UNDER CHAPTER 8 OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, OF THE FINAL RULE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR RELATING TO ‘‘NON-SUBSISTENCE TAKE OF WILDLIFE, AND PUBLIC PARTICIPATION AND CLOSURE PROCEDURES, ON NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGES IN ALASKA’’; HOUSE JOINT RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL UNDER CHAPTER 8 OF TITLE 5, UNITED STATES CODE, OF THE FINAL RULE SUBMITTED BY SECRETARY OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES RELATING TO COMPLIANCE WITH TITLE X REQUIREMENTS BY PROJECT RECIPIENTS IN SELECTING SUBRECIPIENTS Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.J. Res. 69, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of the Interior relat-ing to ‘‘Non-Subsistence Take of Wildlife, and Pub-lic Participation and Closure Procedures, on National Wildlife Refuges in Alaska’’; and H.J. Res. 43, pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule sub-mitted by Secretary of Health and Human Services relating to compliance with title X requirements by project recipients in selecting subrecipients. The committee granted, by record vote of 7–4, a closed rule for H.J. Res. 43. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the Major-ity Leader and the Minority Leader or their respec-tive designees. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the joint resolution. The rule provides that the joint resolution shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the joint resolution. The rule provides one motion to recommit. Additionally, the rule grants a closed rule for H.J. Res. 69. The rule pro-vides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the joint resolution. The rule provides that the joint res-olution shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the joint res-olution. The rule provides one motion to recommit. In section 3, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from February 17, 2017, through February 24, 2017: the Journal of the pro-ceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjourn-ment. Finally, in section 4, the rule provides that the Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period ad-dressed by section 3. Testimony was heard from Chairman Black and Representatives Walberg, DeGette, and Young of Alaska. STRENGTHENING U.S. CYBERSECURITY CAPABILITIES Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Research and Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Strengthening U.S. Cybersecurity Ca-pabilities’’. Testimony was heard from Charles H. Romine, Director, Information Technology Lab, Na-tional Institute of Standards and Technology; Greg-ory Wilshusen, Director, Information Security Issues, Government Accountability Office; and public wit-nesses. EXPLORING NATIONAL WORK QUEUE’S IMPACT ON CLAIMS PROCESSING Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Dis-ability Assistance and Memorial Affairs held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Exploring National Work Queue’s Im-pact on Claims Processing’’. Testimony was heard from Thomas J. Murphy, Acting Under Secretary for Benefits, Veterans Benefits Administration, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a markup on the committee’s Authorization and Oversight Plan for the 115th Congress; Views and Estimates on the Fiscal Year 2018 Federal Budget; and ratification of subcommittee assignments and appointments to the Joint Committee on Taxation. The committee adopted its Authorization and Over-sight Plan for the 115th Congress and its Views and Estimates on the Fiscal Year 2018 Federal Budget. The committee ratified its subcommittee assign-ments and appointments to the Joint Committee on Taxation. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Depart-ments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Edu-cation, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14FE7.REC D14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D157 February 14, 2017 mental health care, focusing on examining treatments and services, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, to receive a closed briefing on Anti-Access Area Denial challenges in Europe, 10 a.m., SVC–217. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Ma-rine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hearings to examine stakeholder perspectives on our multimodal transportation system, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold an oversight hearing to examine modernization of the En-dangered Species Act, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine ending modern slavery, focusing on building on suc-cess, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine government operations sus-ceptible to waste, fraud, and mismanagement, 2:45 p.m., SD–342. Special Committee on Aging: to hold hearings to examine stopping senior scams, focusing on developments in fi-nancial fraud affecting seniors, 2:30 p.m., SD–562. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Full Committee, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Rural Economic Outlook: Setting the Stage for the Next Farm Bill’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administra-tion, and Related Agencies, oversight hearing on the USDA Office of Inspector General, 10 a.m., 2362A Ray-burn. Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 2 p.m., HT–2 Capitol. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Edu-cation, hearing entitled ‘‘Providing Vulnerable Youth the Hope of a Brighter Future Through Juvenile Justice Re-form’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy, hearing entitled ‘‘Modernizing Energy and Elec-tricity Delivery Systems: Challenges and Opportunities to Promote Infrastructure Improvement and Expansion’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Monetary Policy and the State of the Economy’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, hearing on committee funding for the 115th Congress, 10:30 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on the committee’s Authorization and Oversight Plan for the 115th Congress; H.R. 985, the ‘‘Fairness in Class Action Litigation Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 906, the ‘‘Furthering Asbestos Claim Transparency (FACT) Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘GAO’s 2017 High Risk Report: 34 Programs in Peril’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Interior, Energy and Environ-ment, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Federal Programs that Serve Tribes and Their Members’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Ray-burn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Energy; and Subcommittee on Oversight, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Risky Business: The DOE Loan Guarantee Pro-gram’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Start-ups Stalling? The Tax Code as a Barrier to Entrepreneurship’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Aviation, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: State of American Aviation Manufacturing’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, markup on a resolution to assign Congressman Sablan, Congress-woman Esty, and Congressman Peters to subcommittees, 9 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Human Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘The Geography of Poverty’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14FE7.REC D14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD158 February 14, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Wednesday, February 15 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.J. Res. 40, Social Security Administration Rule Relating to Implementation of the NICS Improve-ment Amendments Act, and vote on passage of the joint resolution. Following disposition of H.J. Res. 40, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Mick Mulvaney, of South Carolina, to be Director of the Office of Management and Budget. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Wednesday, February 15 
House Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Consideration of H.J. Res. 42—Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to drug testing of unemployment com-pensation applicants. Consideration of H.J. Res. 66—Dis-approving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by States for non-governmental employees. Consideration of H.J. Res. 67—Disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to savings arrangements established by qualified State political subdivisions for non-govern-mental employees. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E190 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E190 Boyle, Brendan F., Pa., E187 Brady, Kevin, Tex., E189 Collins, Doug, Ga., E193 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E188, E193 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E191 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E194 Delaney, John K., Md., E187 Farenthold, Blake, Tex., E185 Gonza´lez-Colo´n, Jenniffer, Pueto Rico., E189 Gosar, Paul, Ariz., E185 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E187 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E185, E186, E187, E189, E190, E191, E192, E193, E194 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E194 Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’, Jr., Ga., E186, E189 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E192 McCaul, Michael T., Tex., E187 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E185 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E185, E187, E187, E188, E190, E191, E193, E194 Pingree, Chellie, Me., E187, E194 Raskin, Jamie, Md., E192 Rush, Bobby L., Ill., E185 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E188 Serrano, Jose´E., N.Y., E186 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E186 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E194 Welch, Peter, Vt., E192 Young, David, Iowa, E195 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:54 Feb 15, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D14FE7.REC D14FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST