Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H2945 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 2017 No. 73 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 9 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Lead us this day in Your ways, that our Nation might be guided along the roads of peace, jus-tice, and goodwill. Grant strength and wisdom to our Speaker, leaders, and Members of both the people’s House and the Senate, to our President, his Cabinet, and to our Supreme Court. Bless as well the moral and military leaders of our country, and may those who are the captains of business, indus-try, and unions learn to work together toward the mutual benefit of all, walk-ing in the ways of righteousness and working for the highest good of our be-loved land. Bless us this day and every day, and may all that is done within the peo-ple’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. BONAMICI led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to five requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF JOE MURRAY RIVERS (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to celebrate the life of one of Savannah, Georgia’s finest, Mr. Joe Murray Rivers, who passed away on April 5, 2017, at the age of 78. Born February 3, 1939, in Savannah, Georgia, Mr. Rivers became a proud public serv-ant in the area he was born and raised. Mr. Rivers graduated from Beach High School before attending the U.S. Air Force Institute and the University of Maryland, The City College of New York, and Savannah State University. Mr. Rivers later opened the Olympic Sport Shop in downtown Savannah, and it was during this time that he re-alized the drastic need for improved public transportation. Inspired to solve this issue, Mr. Rivers was elected to the Chatham County board of directors in 1985. Throughout his 20-year tenure, he became a warrior of public transport and cosponsored legislation to solve the transportation problem in the county. In appreciation for the work Mr. Rivers has done, Savannah’s Inter-modal Transit Center now bears his name. Mr. Rivers’ public service extended far beyond elected office and transpor-tation reform. His leadership and com-passion towards every member of the community will be sorely missed. f 
HONORING CLAIRE LOVELL (Ms. BONAMICI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Claire Lovell, an accomplished columnist and de-voted resident of Seaside, Oregon. North coast residents are richer for Claire’s presence, and I join them in celebrating her life and her legacy. For 27 years, Claire’s column chronicled the happenings of Seaside with cogent prose and an observant eye. First known as ‘‘Overheard: Notes from Seaside,’’ and later ‘‘Scene and Heard,’’ her column was the first thing readers went to when they eagerly opened their newspapers. Indeed, some readers bought the newspaper just for her column. Claire was a Seaside resident for al-most all of her 96 years, and no one was better qualified to document the city’s life. Whether she was sharing her ob-servations on politics, popular culture, growing older, or the birth of her first great-grandchild, Claire enriched each topic with her signature verve and keen love of the written word. In a recent column, Claire wrote: Whether one is 5-years old or 95, as the case may be, life’s small pleasures are very important. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:03 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.000 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2946 April 28, 2017 
For decades, one of Seaside’s small pleasures was reading her column. It is my honor to recognize Claire Lovell’s many contributions to our community and to offer my condolences to her family and the Seaside community on the loss of this remarkable woman. Her wit, wisdom, and well-chosen words will not be forgotten. 
f 
HONORING THE WORK OF THE STATE COLLEGE FOOD BANK (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowl-edge the good work of the State Col-lege Area Food Bank in Centre County, Pennsylvania. In 1982, the food bank opened in the basement of the St. An-drew’s Episcopal Church as a tem-porary solution to a temporary need. As the need continued, so did the food bank. Today, it has a permanent home in a large facility on South Atherton Street. The need is great, and the statistics are alarming. Nearly 15 percent of Cen-tre County’s population lived in food- insecure homes in 2015—the highest in the Commonwealth. It means that more than 22,000 individuals lack reg-ular access to adequate food. Thank-fully, the food bank is filling a void in the community. In 2016, it distributed more than 400,000 pounds of food and fed nearly 1,700 individuals. I rise today as the chairman of the House Agriculture Subcommittee on Nutrition but also as a proud citizen of Centre County. The food bank hopes that one day no one will go hungry in Centre County. Thankfully, it is work-ing every day to realize that goal. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S 100 DAYS (Ms. D
ELBENE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. D
ELBENE. Mr. Speaker, Presi-dent Trump’s first 100 days have been chaos and confusion for American fam-ilies and businesses. One thing is clear: he has consistently ignored the middle class. His budget decimates programs like Meals on Wheels. His tax plan is a huge giveaway to the wealthiest few. And now, he is trying to eliminate pro-tections for people with preexisting conditions. The Republican’s latest bill to repeal the Affordable Care Act would be dev-astating. And as I have heard from con-stituents—hundreds of constituents throughout my district—getting sick should never mean going bankrupt, like Christine, from Kirkland, who was born with a congenital heart defect and relies on costly medical care to stay alive. She told me her condition is, ‘‘a cruel reality that is nobody’s fault. But it is malicious and disgraceful that we might face financial ruin for me to stay alive.’’ President Trump spent his first 100 days putting families like Christine’s in jeopardy. This must change in the next 100 days for Christine and so many others. f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO USA TEAM AND HARRISON TURONE ON WIN-NING GOLD AT CULINARY COM-PETITION (Mr. BACON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to congratulate the USA Team on winning gold at the Bocuse d’Or culinary competition in Lyon, France. I would also like to recognize one team member, Harrison Turone, a Ne-braska high school graduate. Harrison grew up in Omaha. During his high school career, he enrolled in the Omaha Public Schools Career Center culinary program where he received college credits to the Institute for the Cul-inary Arts at Metropolitan Community College in Omaha. In addition to his academic pursuit of the culinary arts, Harrison worked at many restaurants in our area and in California. He then moved to New York to train with Chef Mathew Peters for the USA Team selection for the Bocuse d’Or while working at Per Se res-taurant. After winning the team’s selection and the honor to represent the United States, Peters and Turone moved to Napa Valley to train for a year for the Bocuse d’Or competition. The Bocuse d’Or is a prestigious culinary competi-tion that is held in Lyon, France, every 2 years. It is named after the well-re-nowned French chef Paul Bocuse. He is recognized as the father of the modern French cuisine and has been awarded ‘‘Chef of the Century’’ by the The Cul-inary Institute of America. While fighting Nazi Germany during World War II, he was shot in the chest and treated at a U.S. Army hospital. He was given a transfusion of blood that saved his life. The United States competed against 23 other countries in the Bocuse d’Or and won. This was the 30th anniversary of the competition, and it marked the first time the United States took home the gold. I send my congratulations to the en-tire team and a special congratulations to Harrison Turone. You represented your team and our State admirably. 
f 
WHERE IS THE PLAN, PRESIDENT TRUMP? (Mr. BROWN of Maryland asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, as we approach President Trump’s 100th day in office, I rise to address the vision, the agenda, and the plans the White House has laid out. Except, Mr. Speaker, there are no plans to speak up. President Trump promised an agenda that was supposed to make America great again, but no one in America or the administration seems to know what that includes. As the dust settles on the cruise missile strike in Syria and the dropping of bombs in Afghani-stan, where is the plan for ISIS, Iraq, Syria, or Afghanistan that Candidate Trump promised? The President said his $1 trillion in-frastructure plan to create millions of jobs is coming fast, but, again, where is the plan? Instead, President Trump’s one-page proposal is a massive $2 tril-lion giveaway to corporations and the wealthy and doesn’t include a penny for infrastructure. That is a missed op-portunity. I could keep going. Where is the plan on fixing America’s water infrastruc-ture? Where is the plan on making trade fair for American workers? Where is the plan to provide affordable childcare that the President promised? Mr. Speaker, there is a hard truth the President needs to realize: the dif-ficult work of governing on behalf of the American people is more than tweets and photo ops. The President’s first 100 days have been all talk and no action. f 
QUALITY ACCESS AND INCLUSION FOR THOSE WITH DOWN SYN-DROME (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of my con-stituent Evan Rothholz, an energetic, tech-savvy kindergarten student who happens to have Down syndrome. Down syndrome is a condition that results from having an additional full or partial copy of chromosome 21. Since his diagnosis, 6-year-old Evan, along with his parents, Mitchel and Julie, advocate for others with Down syndrome and help educate families facing this unexpected diagnosis. I am appreciative of the work of the Pennsylvania Down Syndrome Advo-cacy Coalition, a group of concerned parents, self-advocates, supporters, committed to achieving quality access and inclusion for all individuals with Down syndrome in the State of Penn-sylvania. As a member of the Congressional Task Force on Down Syndrome, I am very proud to support H.R. 1896, the ABLE to Work Act, which provides more flexibility for thousands of indi-viduals with disabilities, allowing them to save and plan for the future. It is Evan’s hope that individuals with Down syndrome, and all of those in the special needs community, will have the same educational and finan-cial opportunities that are afforded to others. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:03 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.002 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2947 April 28, 2017 
HEALTH PLAN NEEDS TO COVER PREEXISTING CONDITIONS (Ms. ROSEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Speaker, the GOP is trying to pull a fast one over working families. This week, House Republicans and President Trump gave into ex-treme demands of the Freedom Caucus by colluding on a dangerous amend-ment that would gut protections for in-dividuals with preexisting conditions, allowing insurers to once again dis-criminate against sick Americans. We all know that the ACA isn’t per-fect, but we cannot, in good conscience, throw out essential health benefits that have helped working families to get the protections that they need. The MacArthur amendment would take us back to the days before these key protections helped save lives. Without protections for preexisting conditions, my constituents with seri-ous illnesses and health conditions would face discrimination from insur-ance companies solely based on their illness. How can Speaker R
YANseriously tell Americans that this plan is somehow better for people with preexisting con-ditions? We need a health plan that will help working families pay for their health coverage, not one that puts health insurance out of reach. 
f 
b0915 PRESIDENT TRUMP’S FIRST 100 DAYS (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow marks President Donald Trump’s first 100 days in office. While President Trump has claimed that this is the most productive any President has been, he has not met his own deadlines that were set during his campaign and subsequent victory. Since day one, this administration has pursued only works that represent the detriment to this country and our democracy. He has made outlandish, hateful, and harmful healthcare pro-posals. He has plans to gut the Federal budget in exchange for tax cuts for his wealthy friends. He has rolled back the progress made by the Department of Justice under the previous administra-tion. He and his family continue to make money off of his position, and he has used the Congressional Review Act to roll back protections for our envi-ronment, public education, gun safety, and women’s rights. We are 100 days in, and we have over 4,000 more days to go. Mr. President, Mr. Speaker, and the residents of New Jersey’s 12th Congressional District, we are counting down those days. 
f 
FURTHER CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 289 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: H. R ES. 289 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 99) making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the joint resolution are waived. The joint resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the joint resolution are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolution and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Appropriations; and (2) one motion to recom-mit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ), my friend, the ranking member of the committee, pending which I yield my-self such time as I may consume. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule. It is a fair rule that enables this body to continue working in a bipartisan fashion to get our work done for the American people. Essentially, it is to fund the govern-ment for one more week as final prep-arations are made and as the Appro-priations Committee finalizes its work. It enables us to continue to serve our constituents. It enables the American people to have confidence not only in what we are doing, but to provide the necessary resources so that this Nation can continue to protect itself also. I also rise in support of the under-lying legislation that is in this rule. This short-term CR, while being far from ideal, is exactly what we need to do so that we can allow our colleagues in the House, as well as the Appropria-tions Committee and this body, to move forth a bill that will find its way to the United States Senate and to the President’s desk. For months now, our colleagues on the Appropriations Committee, under the great work of our brand-new chair-man, Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN from New Jersey, have been working to-wards funding a government agreement while they are trying to reach a long- term bridge. Yesterday at the Rules Committee, the young chairman, along with the ranking member, Mrs. L
OWEY from New York, came and spoke to the Rules Committee not only with great confidence about the work that they are doing, but with great confidence about how they worked well together. It was once again another opportunity for Members of Congress in the per-formance of their duties to have con-fidence not only in their working rela-tionship, but in the product that they would wish to move forward. The Rules Committee was quite blunt to them that, while we were pleased to see them, we wanted to see them get their work done a week from now. I think the American people feel the same way. I think they are willing to take the time to do it right, but it is now time to feel a little bit of pres-sure towards completing the work that needs to be done. Mr. Speaker, today we are going to have one of the most distinguished members of the Rules Committee who will speak with us. He shares a role not only as vice chairman of our com-mittee, but he also has an opportunity to sit on the Appropriations Com-mittee; a person responsible as a car-dinal for a massive part of not only the Federal Government spending, but the authority and responsibility for the Federal Government to deliver in so many areas in support of the American people. I will be introducing the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE) in just a few minutes, who will also provide de-tail and information not only in sup-port of the great work that is being done, but why we are doing that for the American people. Mr. Speaker, I am confident that my colleagues on the Appropriations Com-mittee are going to continue their work. We are asking this body today to consider this rule to move forth legis-lation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ), my good friend, the chair-man of the Rules Committee for yield-ing me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. (Mr. M
CGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin with some good news for my colleagues here in the House and for the American people, and that is my Republican colleagues have decided to pull their abysmal repeal and replace bill with regard to the Affordable Care Act from consideration this week. We can all breathe a sigh of relief. The American people dodged another Re-publican bullet here. Their bill, as my colleagues all know, would have caused 24 million Ameri-cans to lose their health care. It would have cut Medicaid by over $800 billion, and then they would have given a tril-lion-dollar tax break to the richest people in the country. It would have compromised Medicare. It would have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:03 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.004 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2948 April 28, 2017 
basically denied Americans essential health protections that they currently are guaranteed in their health insur-ance; things like emergency room care, maternity care, mental health care. I can go on and on. Then with their latest addition to their abysmal bill, they would have even allowed insurance companies to once again discriminate against Ameri-cans with preexisting conditions; some-thing that they said that they wanted to protect, yet their adjustments to their abysmal healthcare bill would have allowed Americans with pre-existing conditions to be discriminated against. I mean, when we talk about essential health benefits, I want to stress the word ‘‘essential.’’ They are important, yet they are going down a road that I think is disastrous for millions of American people. Let us begin by being thankful that we are not going to do great harm to our country this week. Now, there is always next week—we have to worry about that—but at least this week they had the common sense to pull this ter-rible healthcare bill that they have been working on for so long. Let’s hope that we never ever see the bill. I think it is important for people to under-stand what is at stake. There is an awful lot at stake for tens of millions of Americans here today all across the country. Mr. Speaker, that brings us to today. Let us be clear about why we are here again with yet another continuing res-olution, the 29th—yes, you heard that right, the 29th—continuing resolution since Republicans have taken control of the House. Republicans have nobody to blame for this mess but themselves. They control the White House, they control the Senate, and, unfortunately, they control this House. They were even the ones who set this artificial deadline of April 28 in the first place. That was after Republicans gave themselves a 2- month extension and then a 5-month extension. Mr. Speaker, this should have all been sorted out last fall, but for 7 months Republicans have played games and delayed and bickered amongst themselves about government funding and health care and other priorities. What do they have to show for it? Nothing. Now, maybe the delay was caused by this obsession from the Republican Conference with repealing the Afford-able Care Act and ripping health care away from 24 million Americans. Maybe Republicans have been too busy trying to defund Planned Parenthood, trying to undo important consumer protections put in place by Democrats, trying to tear down commonsense rules to protect public safety and the envi-ronment. Perhaps if Republicans had been re-sponsibly working with Democratic leaders during the past 7 months, we could have already funded our govern-ment and we could be getting to work on other things that our constituents sent us here to do, like creating jobs and repairing our crumbling infrastruc-ture. We could have avoided events that have transpired during the past 48 hours: an emergency Rules Committee meeting, another Republican martial law rule, and threats of a Saturday ses-sion. Mr. Speaker, to put it bluntly, this is about Republican dysfunction and in-competence, plain and simple. If Con-gress could be sued by the American people for malpractice, we would be in big trouble. This is indefensible. I am sure people who are watching these proceedings are scratching their heads saying: What the hell is going on in the people’s House? For the life of me, I cannot under-stand why we are constantly at the edge of a cliff. This Republican leader-ship jumps from one manufactured cri-sis to the next, and has proven ineffec-tive at carrying out even its most basic responsibilities, like keeping the gov-ernment’s lights on and funding pro-grams that help our constituents. But don’t take it from me. Listen to what some of my Republican col-leagues are saying about the priorities of their own leadership. Representative R
OONEY , a Republican from Florida, said: ‘‘I have been in this job 8 years, and I am wracking my brain to think of one thing our party has done that has been something positive, that has been something other than stopping some-thing else from happening.’’ Representative M
ARIO DIAZBALART  from Florida commented: ‘‘It is pretty evident that we don’t have the votes among Republicans to, in essence, do anything that is real.’’ Mr. Speaker, when you have mem-bers of your own party making these kinds of statements, you really have to question the capacity of the Speaker and his leadership team to govern ef-fectively. Mr. Speaker, I very much regret that we are here today to consider another short-term CR. One week—that is all this bill does, keeps the government running for one additional week. Our constituents expect and deserve better from their elected officials. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the gentleman, my friend from Massachusetts, for his words of wisdom about the direction we ought to be going. That is what we are going to do; we are going to continue moving. I find in my job, as I perform my du-ties, that I have a chance to really interact with a lot of people in govern-ment. Over Christmas, I had a chance to visit our troops around the world and look at them and give them the confidence that what we do in Wash-ington will allow them to keep working for freedom and to represent us. Dr. Francis Collins at the National Institutes of Health, an enormously brilliant man who helped with the ge-nome project, who keeps NIH up and working; and at the National Eye Insti-tute, Dr. Paul Sieving; and so many others who do count on us getting it right, whether it be the United States military, whether it is our border pa-trol, whether it is our health and human services, but the person who knows these characteristics of what it takes to get agreements is also on the Rules Committee. He is a valuable member of our Rules Committee. He is the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE). Mr. Speaker, I yield 10 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE), vice chairman of the Labor, Health and Human Services, Edu-cation, and Related Agencies Sub-committee. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman, my good friend, for yielding me the time and for those incredibly gracious and generous remarks. Mr. Speaker, I certainly rise to sup-port the rule and the underlying legis-lation. By the very nature of Rules de-bates, everything seems to be partisan because it seems to be sort of shirts and skins as it is on the rules. The re-ality is the legislation we are talking about has actually been requested by both parties. We had both the chair-man and the ranking member in there requesting because they are working together in a bipartisan way to produce a major piece of legislation that will direct spending for the United States government in the range of about $1 trillion between now and September 30. The important thing to note is that it is a very bipartisan negotiation be-tween two very skillful legislators, Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member N
ITALOWEY . When they bring that legislation to the floor, as they will next week, it is going to have some pretty important and pretty major things on it. We are not only going to adequately fund our military, we are going to in-crease that. We are going to give the President some things he has asked for in terms of supplemental money for de-fense to upgrade and improve our mili-tary. b0930 We are going to give him some addi-tional things for border security as well that, again, both parties have agreed on. I think we all want secure borders. We know there is always some debate about exactly how or what we should do, but, in this case, we have a bipartisan agreement. We will actually give a very substan-tial increase to the National Institutes of Health, which, as the gentleman from Texas (Mr. S
ESSIONS ) mentioned, great work is done on behalf of the American people in that institution. Frankly, it has been Republicans that first doubled that back in the late 1990s and early 2000s and now have reignited the biomedical research engine by put-ting additional resources in there. It is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.006 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2949 April 28, 2017 
something our friends support, but ac-tually it was Republicans who took the initiative to achieve. We will see some really important in-creases in some education programs that give some of our less advantaged citizens opportunities to go: TRIO, GEAR UP. Both prepare individuals for higher education and then have a chance to exploit the opportunity when it comes. So that bill will have a lot of good things in it that will be bipartisan. My good friend from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) mentioned—and I think ap-propriately so—that there is a certain amount of dysfunction in the appro-priations process. Where we probably disagree is—I have got to tell you, it is not new. Since we passed the Budget Control Act over 40 years ago in 1974, budgets and appropriations have been completed on time exactly four times. It didn’t matter who was in charge. So maybe we ought to go back and look at that defective process that was set in motion by our friends back when they controlled both Chambers in over-whelming numbers and rethink how we do this. I do agree with the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) that it is important to focus on first things first. And while tax reform is a very important goal that, I think, this Con-gress will achieve and while health care is a very important goal, which I certainly hope this Conference achieves and I think we are working toward, there is no question the most important thing we do around here is fund the government every day. We make sure that our military has what it needs to protect us and that our bor-der control officials have what they need to make sure they are secure, that we do things like look for cures for Alzheimer’s and cancer at the NIH. To me, that always is the most impor-tant thing it has to do. So, in this bill and in the bill that will follow next week, we are actually doing what we should do. We are put-ting first things first. Let’s make sure these basics are done for the American people, and then let’s get about the im-portant business of changing their Tax Code and making sure that they have the best health care in the world. In my view, Congress could have— and to my friend’s point—could have and should have done this months ago. It is important to note that the Appro-priations Committee had reported out all 12 of the bills that fund the day-to- day operation of the budget. Five of them actually moved across the floor. We did run into problems in the United States Senate where there was a lot of obstruction, but the Appropriations Committee did its job. We just have to now, as a Congress, do our job and make sure those bills get to the floor in a timely manner, and that we do the right thing so that they pass. The Appropriations Committee can only prepare them. They don’t get to schedule them on the floor. They don’t get to move them across the floor. That has to be done with all sides working together for the good of the American people. Again, it is worth noting that we can do this process. Two years in a row, we have done all 12 bills. So I would hope in the future, as we make these deci-sions—and my friend is right, a deci-sion was made in November or Decem-ber. It is not one I agreed with—to wait and say let’s let the new administra-tion have some input on this. Now, there is certainly nothing wrong with that. The new administration wants to come in, and there is a vehicle called a supplemental, where, if they want to tweak the budget, they can do that and they can bring it to the floor, and that is what we should have done. But we shouldn’t ask them to write the budget for the very year in which they show up. They simply don’t have their peo-ple in place. They are not ready to do that. They have got to get their Cabi-net appointed. So I would hope, in the future, we remember that and do first things first. Still, it is never too late to do the right thing, as my mom used to say. And the right thing to do today is to pass this rule, pass this bill, give our friends, the appropriators, the time that they need to negotiate a final bill. I am confident we will do that; I am confident we will do it on a bipartisan basis, Mr. Speaker; and I am confident we will be back here with a bill the American people can be proud of be-cause that will have been negotiated in good faith, it will be bipartisan, and it will give us the stability that we need from now until September 30. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, also I want to recognize the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE) for another birthday today. The gentleman from Oklahoma was very silent last night at the Rules Committee. He didn’t let us know, so we didn’t say anything. But today is his birthday, and I congratu-late him for that. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I have a number of the day for my colleagues. I feel like I am on Sesame Street. This is the 29th closed rule this year. This is the 29th CR of this Repub-lican majority. And the government is about to shut down when the calendar flips after midnight, and it is the 29th. So 29 must be the number of the day. I want to wish the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. C
OLE) a happy birth-day. Maybe he is 29, so it all kind of fits together. I would just say to my colleagues, as an indication of how dysfunctional this place is: How do you get 29 closed rules in 4 months? How do we run a place in such a closed manner? This is supposed to be a deliberative body. We are supposed to be debating issues. People are supposed to have a give-and-take on matters of impor-tance. We have had 29 closed rules in the first 4 months of this year. It is un-precedented. As I have been saying time and time again, when you have a lousy process, you usually end up with lousy legisla-tion. I think that is the case with re-gard to the repeal and replace of the Affordable Care Act. Here we are at the last minute trying to keep the government open for a week so we could have more time to keep it open for the rest of the year. I mean, this is not the way this place should be run. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CAS-
TOR), a former member of the Rules Committee. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve better. The majority is not serving the inter-est of the families we represent back home. They are not focused on lifting the economic prospects of our small businesses and hardworking families. They are not focused on lifting wages. Instead, we are debating what could be the smallest little extension of gov-ernment funding ever: 1 week. Are you kidding me? We have just come back this week from a 2-week recess. You would think that the majority party would have had the wherewithal to be able to fund the government as re-quired through the end of the fiscal year, which is only September 30. This was leftover business from last year. How small. How unfocused. What a let-down for the people we represent. Has the majority party brought a bill to the floor of the House that we can debate on jobs, on lifting Americans that work hard every day? No. Has the majority party brought a bill to debate where we could talk about how we fix roads and bridges and con-nect communities and address conges-tion across the country and create jobs that way? No. The majority party, after the very serious military strike on Syria, could have brought a debate about an author-ization of the use of military force where the Congress has been derelict for years in having the debate about a country that has been at war for 16 years. That is very important. People expect us to address the difficult issues, but they haven’t brought that debate. Across the country this week, a lot of seniors in high school are deciding where they are going to attend college or university. We could be having a de-bate on how we help those families and students afford the cost of a college education or address the student loan crisis. But, no, that debate hasn’t been brought There is going to be a big march in Washington again this weekend on the changing climate. We could discuss and debate the cost of the changing cli-mate, extreme weather events. Boy, my folks back home in the State of Florida are having to look at increased insurance costs, property insurance costs, infrastructure costs because of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:03 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.008 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2950 April 28, 2017 
the changing climate, but that debate hasn’t been had. Instead the Congress has been con-sumed with a healthcare bill that rips coverage away from families, harms Medicare, raises cost on everyone, and they were stuck in a debate this week about ending the guaranteed protec-tion that families now have if they have a preexisting condition. Remem-ber, under the Affordable Care Act, you can no longer be discriminated against if you have a preexisting condition like cancer or diabetes. They were con-sumed with: Well, how do we end that and send that back to the States to do that? Thank goodness that bill hasn’t been brought to the floor. Instead, here is an extension of run-ning the government. Again, how small. Maybe it does match what is happening in the White House. With the flip-flopping, unfocused President, this Republican majority is having real trouble governing the country. I understand the President is con-sumed with an investigation of associ-ates from his campaign over collusion with the Russians. He is consumed with conflicts of interest and how he doesn’t want to be transparent, whether it is his tax returns or the emoluments under the Constitution. The American people deserve better, and that is what brought me to the floor today. I didn’t have to come and talk about the rule that is on the floor. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield an addi-tional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I didn’t have to come to the floor to op-pose a rule and this 1-week appropria-tions bill. But I am so frustrated, just like families and businesses are across this country, that this Congress still refuses to have the debates, have the discussion on the issues that really im-pact our families back home. They de-serve better than this dysfunctional Republican majority. Why don’t we stand up for them for a change? The Democrats are willing to have those debates. Let’s debate and discuss jobs. Let’s debate and discuss how kids can afford the cost of a college edu-cation. Let’s discuss how we lift our public schools. Let’s discuss rebuilding America and creating jobs through modern infrastructure investments. Let’s have these debates. Let’s not take up the time of the American people on a silly 1-week ex-tension of funding government so we can do this again next week, where we have to debate and take up all the time on how we fund the government until September 30. American families de-serve better. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, last night at the Rules Committee, we had a debate where we focused our atten-tion not only on the legislation, but also on the need to get this done. I appreciate the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. C
ASTOR ), the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE), and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) and their attention to the ideas that they have. They do have ideas, and they do have decisions that would help make this process even bet-ter. We are here today for the right reasons. I would advise the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) that I do not have any further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time pending his close. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. Mr. Speaker, I think it is clear that there is a lot of frustration on our side because of what is obviously a dysfunc-tional House. The fact that we are here again at the last minute trying to just keep the government running really is unfortunate. It is sad because it is not like we didn’t know about this date. We have known about it for a long time. My Republicans friends set this date. They have had months and months to figure out a way to keep the govern-ment running. They, again, are in con-trol of the House. They are in control of the Senate. They are in control of the White House. Once again, we have a manufactured crisis where we are right at the edge of a cliff, and the best we could do today is kick the can down the road for a week and we will have this little debate again next week. Perhaps if the leadership of this House actually focused on the people’s business instead of on legislation that is about messaging or press releases, perhaps if they focused on the people’s business rather than trying to under-mine basic healthcare protections for people, we wouldn’t have these crises all the time. I said at the beginning of my re-marks that we can breathe a sigh of re-lief today because my friends on the Republican side are not bringing up their abysmal repeal and replace of the Affordable Care Act bill. b0945 They have been changing it and changing it, and there was some rumor, President Trump was saying that they would probably bring a bill up to pass it in his first 100 days because somehow it is more important to do something in 100 days than it is to get it right. But, nonetheless, they added another provision which they claim makes it more palatable to their Members. But I want my colleagues to understand that what they have done is made a bad bill worse. The American College of Physicians sent us a letter to all Members, Demo-crats and Republicans, and I will just read one sentence from it. ‘‘This amendment’’ that my Republican friends added to their healthcare bill ‘‘would make the harmful AHCA even worse by creating new coverage bar-riers for patients with preexisting con-ditions and weakening requirements that insurers cover essential benefits.’’ I include in the RECORD the letter from the American College of Physi-cians. 
AMERICAN COLLEGE OF PHYSICIANS , April 24, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HARLES SCHUMER , Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN, M INORITY LEADER  P
ELOSI , MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL , AND M
INORITY LEADER SCHUMER : On behalf of the American College of Physicians (ACP), I am writing to urge Congress to move away from the harmful changes to patient care that would occur if the American Health Care Act (AHCA) were to become law, and to instead work for bipartisan solutions to improve the Affordable Care Act (ACA) rather than re-pealing and replacing it. We believe that the AHCA, which would repeal and replace the most important coverage and consumer pro-tections created by the ACA, is so fundamen-tally flawed that it cannot be made accept-able. We understand that the leadership in the House of Representatives continues to explore ways to bring a modified version of the AHCA to a vote, based on a draft amend-ment reportedly being developed by Rep-resentatives MacArthur and Meadows, a summary of which was made available to the public through news organizations. This amendment would make the harmful AHCA even worse by creating new coverage barriers for patients with pre-existing conditions and weakening requirements that insurers cover essential benefits. The American College of Physicians is the largest medical specialty organization and the second-largest physician group in the United States. ACP members include 148,000 internal medicine physicians (internists), re-lated subspecialists, and medical students. Internal medicine physicians are specialists who apply scientific knowledge and clinical expertise to the diagnosis, treatment, and compassionate care of adults across the spec-trum from health to complex illness. The draft MacArthur-Meadows amendment would create what is known as the ‘‘Limited Waiver Option’’ that would allow states to eliminate or severely weaken vital ACA Title I consumer protections—specifically, community rating and essential health bene-fits (EHBs)—returning the country to the pre-ACA days when persons with pre-existing ‘‘declinable’’ medical conditions in most states were priced out of the market and the insurance products available in the indi-vidual market did not cover medically nec-essary services. Specifically; The MacArthur-Meadows amendment would create an option for states to obtain Limited Waivers from certain federal stand-ards that would gut existing law consumer protections. Based on a summary of the draft amendment, states could seek Limited Waiv-ers for: Essential Health Benefits (EHBs) Community-rating rules, except for the following categories, which are not waivable: Gender or Age (except for reductions of the 5:1 age ratio previously established) or Health Status (unless the state has estab-lished a high-risk pool or is participating in a federal high-risk pool) To obtain the waiver, states would only need to ‘‘attest that the purpose of their re-quested waiver is to reduce premium costs, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:03 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.009 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2951 April 28, 2017 
increase the number of persons with healthcare coverage, or advance another ben-efit to the public interest in the state , including the guarantee of coverage for persons with preexisting medical conditions. The Sec-retary shall approve applications within 90 days of determining that an application is complete.’’ [Emphasis added in italics]. In other words, as long as a state attested that there was a ‘‘benefit to the public,’’ in-surers would be once again allowed to charge more to people with pre-existing conditions, or decline to cover needed benefits like phy-sician and hospital visits, maternity care and contraception, mental health and sub-stance use disorder treatments, preventive services, and prescription drugs. This would take us back to the days when people had to fill out intrusive insurance company applications to document their pre-vious health history, even before being ad-vised what the premium would be based on their individual health risk. Unlike commu-nity rating, which bases premiums based on the expected costs associated with all per-sons in the insurance pool (adjusted only by age, tobacco use, and family size), the Lim-ited Waiver would again allow insurers in states that obtain a waiver to again charge people exorbitant and unaffordable pre-miums for their pre-existing conditions. Before the ACA, insurance plans sold in the individual insurance market in all but five states typically maintained lists of so- called ‘‘declinable’’ medical conditions—in-cluding asthma, diabetes, arthritis, obesity, stroke, or pregnancy, or having been diag-nosed with cancer in the past 10 years. Even if a revised bill would not explicitly repeal the current law’s guaranteed-issue require- ment—which requires insurers to offer cov-erage to persons with pre-existing conditions like these—guaranteed issue without commu-nity rating allows insurers to charge as much as they believe a patient’s treatment will cost . The result would be that many patients with pre- existing conditions would be offered cov-erage that costs them thousands of dollars more for the care that they need, and in the case of patients with expensive conditions like cancer, even hundreds of thousands more. An amendment to the AHCA reported out of the Rules Committee on April 6th to es-tablish a ‘‘Federal Invisible Risk Sharing Program,’’ which would create a fund that states could use to reimburse insurers for some of the costs associated with insuring sicker patients, would not offset the harm done to patients with pre-existing conditions by allowing the Limited Waiver of commu-nity rating and essential benefit protections. The pre-ACA experience with high-risk pools was that many had long waiting lists, and of-fered inadequate coverage with high deductibles and insufficient benefits. Unless a national high-risk pool is supported with a massive infusion of funding it will not be suf-ficient to cover the millions of people with pre-existing conditions that would be denied or charged more for coverage under the AHCA. One paper estimates that a national high-risk pool would cost $178.1 billion a year, roughly $176.4 billion more than the an-nual funding provided to the Invisible Risk Sharing Program. Also, shifting people out of the existing health insurance marketplace to a high-risk pool would undermine the as-surance that enrollees could keep their ex-isting coverage. The Limited Waiver Option will also allow states to seek waivers from the essential health benefits required of all plans sold in the individual insurance market, with the result that millions of patients will be at risk of losing coverage for essential services like maternity care, cancer screening tests and treatments, prescription drugs, preven-tive services, mental health and substance use disorder treatments, and even physician visits, prescription drugs and hospitaliza-tions. Prior to passage of the ACA, 62% of indi-vidual market enrollees did not have cov- erage of maternity services, 34% did not have substance-use disorder-services, 18% did not have mental-health services and 9% did not have coverage for prescription drugs. A re-cent independent analysis found that the AHCA’s repeal of current law required bene-fits would result in patients on average pay-ing $1,952 more for cancer drugs; $1,807 for drugs for heart disease; $1,127 for drugs to treat lung diseases; $1,607 for drugs to treat mental illnesses; $4,940 for inpatient admis-sion for mental health; $4,555 for inpatient admission for substance use treatment; and $8,501 for maternity care. Such increased costs would make it practically impossible for many patients to avail themselves of the care they need. The result will be delays in getting treatment until their illnesses present at a more advanced, less treatable, and more expensive stage, or not keeping up with life-saving medications prescribed by their physicians. Allowing states to eliminate the EHB will threaten our nation’s fight against the opioid epidemic. A study concluded that with repeal of the ACA, ‘‘approximately 1,253,000 people with serious mental disorders and about 2.8 million Americans with a sub-stance use disorder, of whom about 222,000 have an opioid disorder, would lose some or all of their insurance coverage.’’ Finally, al-lowing states to drop important benefits like maternity, substance use disorder treat-ment, and preventive services will do little to reduce premiums. A report by Milliman found that the main drivers of premium costs were ambulatory patient services, hos-pitalization, and prescription drugs. These are crucial services that form the core of any health insurance plan. To be clear: while some younger and healthier persons might be offered lower pre-miums in states that obtained a ‘‘Limited Waiver’’ of community-rating and essential health benefits, it would be at the expense of making coverage unaffordable for those who need it most, older and sicker persons, and result in skimpy ‘‘bare-bones’’ insurance for many others that does not cover the medical care they would need if and when they get sick. Finally, even without the Limited Waiver Amendment, ACP continues to believe that the AHCA has numerous other provisions and policies that that will do great harm to patients including: The phase-out of the higher federal match in states that have opted to expand Medicaid and the ban on non-expansion states being able to access the higher federal contribu-tion if they choose to expand Medicaid; Converting the shared federal-state financ-ing structure for Medicaid to one that would cap the federal contribution per enrollee; Providing states with a Medicaid block grant financing option; Eliminating EHBs for Medicaid expansion enrollees; Imposing work or job search requirements on certain Medicaid enrollees; Regressive age-based tax credits, combined with changes that will allow insurers to charge older people much higher premiums than allowed under current law; Continuous coverage requirements for pa-tients with pre-existing conditions; Legislative or regulatory restrictions that would deny or result in discrimination in the awarding of federal grant funds and/or Med-icaid and Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram funding to women’s health clinics that are qualified under existing federal law for the provision of evidence-based services in-cluding, but not limited to, provision of con-traception, preventive health screenings, sexually transmitted infection testing and treatment, vaccines, counseling, rehabilita-tion, and referrals, and; Elimination of the Prevention and Public Health Fund, which provides billions in dol-lars to the enters for Disease Control and Prevention to prevent and control the spread of infectious diseases. The College strongly believes in the first, do no harm principle. Therefore, we continue to urge that Congress move away from the fundamentally flawed and harmful policies that would result from the American Health Care Act and from the changes under consid-eration—including the proposed ‘‘Limited Waiver’’ amendment—that would make the bill even worse for patients. We urge Con-gress to instead start over and seek agree-ment on bipartisan ways to improve and build on the ACA. The College welcomes the opportunity to share our ideas for bipartisan solutions that would help make health care better, more accessible, and more affordable for patients rather than imposing great harm on them as the AHCA would do. Sincerely, J
ACKENDE, MD, MACP, President. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, we have a press release from the American Hospital Association. Their line here is: ‘‘Our top concern is what this change could mean for older and sicker patients, including those with pre-existing conditions such as cancer pa-tients and those with chronic condi-tions’’ could suffer. ‘‘This amendment proposed this week would dramatically worsen the bill.’’ I include in the R
ECORD the American Hospital Association press release. 
[From the American Hospital Association— April 27, 2017] S
TATEMENT ON THE AMERICAN HEALTH CARE A
CT (By Rick Pollack, President and CEO, American Hospital Association) The latest version of the AHCA continues to put health coverage in jeopardy for many Americans. Our top concern is what this change could mean for older and sicker pa-tients, including those with pre-existing con-ditions, such as cancer patients and those with chronic conditions. For these reasons, along with our previously stated concerns about the AHCA, we cannot support the bill. However, we urge Congress to continue to work with stakeholders on a solution that provides meaningful coverage. The amendment proposed this week would dramatically worsen the bill. The changes included put consumer protections at greater risk by allowing states to waive the essential health benefit standards, which could leave patients without access to critical health services and increase out-of-pocket spending. This could allow plans to set premium prices based on individual risk for some consumers, which could significantly raise costs for those with pre-existing conditions. Additionally, the Congressional Budget Of-fice has not yet scored the amendment. How-ever, CBO previously projected that the AHCA would result in 24 million fewer people covered in 2026. It is unlikely this amend-ment would improve these coverage esti-mates. As the backbone of America’s health safe-ty-net, hospitals and health systems must protect access to care for those who need it and ensure that the most vulnerable patients are not left behind. The AHCA continues to fall far short of that goal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.008 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2952 April 28, 2017 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, the AARP issued yet another statement saying: ‘‘This harmful legislation still puts an age tax on older Americans and puts vulnerable populations at risk through a series of backdoor deals that attempts to shift responsibility to States.’’ I include in the R
ECORD the state-ment from the AARP. 
AARP M AINTAINS OPPOSITION TO AMENDED  H
EALTH BILL 
AGE TAX , WEAKENING MEDICARE , BACKDOOR  
CUTS TO PREEXISTING CONDITION POPULATION  
WOULD HARM AMERICAN FAMILIES  W
ASHINGTON , DC.—AARP Executive Vice President Nancy LeaMond released the fol-lowing statement today in response to the amended House bill that would create an ‘‘Age Tax,’’ increase premiums, eliminate protections for pre-existing conditions, cut the life of Medicare, and give sweetheart deals to big drug and insurance companies. In a letter sent to all 435 members of the U.S. House of Representatives, AARP re-stated its strong opposition to the bill and urged each Representative to vote ‘No’ on the proposed legislation. AARP believes this legislation will have a significant harmful impact on the health of millions of older Americans ages 50 to 64, as well as other vul-nerable groups, including poor seniors and disabled children and adults: ‘‘This harmful legislation still puts an Age Tax on older Americans and puts vulnerable populations at risk through a series of back-door deals that attempts to shift responsi-bility to states. Older Americans need afford-able health care services and prescriptions. This legislation still goes in the opposite di-rection, increasing insurance premiums for older Americans and not doing anything to lower drug costs. ‘‘AARP continues to oppose legislation that would impose an Age Tax, eliminate protections for preexisting conditions, weak-en Medicare, erode seniors’ ability to live independently because of billions of dollars in Medicaid cuts, and give sweetheart deals to drug and insurance companies while doing nothing to lower the cost of health care or prescription drugs. ‘‘We intend to let all 38 million of our members know exactly how their Represent-ative votes on this bill in newsletters, in our publications, on social media and in other formats. Our members care deeply about their health care and have told us repeatedly that they want to know where their elected officials stand.’’ Past statements and releases about this bill can be found here, here, here, and here. Public policy fact sheets about the Age Tax and other harmful policies can be found here. AARP’s full letter to the House of Rep-resentatives can be found below: A
PRIL 26, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : AARP, with its nearly 38 million members in all 50 States and the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and U.S. Virgin Islands, is a nonpartisan, nonprofit, nationwide organization that helps people turn their goals and dreams into real possibilities, strengthens communities and fights for the issues that matter most to consumers and families such as healthcare, employment and income security, retire-ment planning, affordable utilities and pro-tection from financial abuse. We write to again share our opposition to the pending American Health Care Act (AHCA) and urge you to vote NO. Through-out consideration of the AHCA, we have been expressing serious concerns about the impact that this legislation will have on older Americans. The Congressional Budget Office (CBO)’s last estimate further demonstrates the harmful impact of this bill on older Americans and some of our most vulnerable. Specifically, we are concerned that the American Health Care Act will weaken the fiscal sustainability of Medicare; dramati-cally increase premium and out-of-pocket costs for 50–64 year olds purchasing coverage on the individual insurance market; substan-tially increase the number of Americans without insurance; and put at risk millions of children and adults with disabilities and poor seniors who depend on the Medicaid program to access long-term services and supports and other benefits. In addition, changes under consideration that would allow states to waive important consumer protections—such as allowing insurance companies to once again charge Americans with pre-existing conditions more because they’ve had cancer, diabetes or heart dis-ease—would make this bad bill even worse. Our members and others 50 years of age and older care deeply about health care and want to know where their elected leaders stand. Recognizing the importance of the up-coming vote on the American Health Care Act, AARP intends to inform our members, and others over age 50, how their elected offi-cials voted. We’ll communicate the results of the vote in our widely-circulated publica-tions, in email alerts, in our online channels, and through the media. Again, we urge all Representatives to vote NO on the American Health Care Act in its current form. MEDICARE  Our members and older Americans believe that Medicare must be protected and strengthened for today’s seniors and future generations. We strongly oppose any changes to current law that could result in cuts to benefits, increased costs, or reduced cov-erage for older Americans. According to the 2016 Medicare Trustees report, the Medicare Part A Trust Fund is solvent until 2028 (11 years longer than pre-Affordable Care Act (ACA)), due in large part to changes made in the ACA. We have serious concerns that the American Health Care Act repeals provisions in current law that have strengthened Medi-care’s fiscal outlook, specifically, the repeal of the additional 0.9 percent payroll tax on higher-income workers. Repealing this provi-sion would remove $117.3 billion from the Hospital Insurance trust fund over the next ten years, would hasten the insolvency of Medicare by up to four years, and diminish Medicare’s ability to pay for services in the future. 
PRESCRIPTION DRUGS  Older Americans use prescription drugs more than any other segment of the U.S. population, typically on a chronic basis. We are pleased that the bill maintains the Medi-care Part D coverage gap (‘‘donut hole’’) pro-tections created under the ACA. Since the enactment of the law, more than 11.8 million Medicare beneficiaries who have fallen into the coverage gap have saved over $26.8 billion on the improved coverage for prescription drug costs due to closure of the donut hole. We do have strong concerns that the fee on manufacturers and importers of branded pre-scription drugs, which currently is projected to add $24.8 billion to the Medicare Part B trust fund between 2017 and 2026, will be re-pealed by the American Health Care Act. Rather than repeal this fee for Medicare, AARP believes Congress must do more to re-duce the burden of high prescription drug costs on consumers and taxpayers, and we would be willing to work with you on bipar-tisan solutions. 
INDIVIDUAL PRIVATE INSURANCE MARKET  About 6.1 million Americans age 50–64 cur-rently purchase insurance in the non-group market, and nearly 3.2 million are currently eligible to receive subsidies for health insur-ance coverage through either the federal health benefits exchange or a state-based ex-change (exchange). We have seen a signifi-cant reduction in the number of uninsured since passage of the ACA, with the number of 50–64 year old Americans who are uninsured dropping by half. We are deeply concerned that the AHCA would be a significant step backwards and result in millions of older Americans who cannot afford their health care, including many simply losing their health care. Based on CBO estimates, approximately 14 million Americans will lose coverage next year, while a total of 24 million Americans would lose coverage over the next 10 years. This is especially troubling given that in the CBO and Joint Committee on Taxation’s (JCT) assessment ‘‘the non-group (indi-vidual) market would probably be stable in most areas . . . under current law.’’ Affordability of both premiums and cost- sharing is critical to older Americans and their ability to obtain and access health care. A typical 50–64 year old seeking cov-erage through an exchange has a median an-nual income of under $25,000 and already pays significant out-of-pocket costs for health care. We have serious concerns—rein-forced by the CBO estimate—that the bill under consideration will dramatically in-crease health care costs for 50–64 year olds who purchase health care through an ex-change due both to the changes in age rating from 3:1 (already a compromise that requires uninsured older Americans to pay three times more than younger individuals) to 5:1 and reductions in current tax credits for older Americans. CBO concluded that the bill will substantially raise premiums for older people and force many into lower qual-ity plans. Age rating plus reduced tax credits equal an unaffordable age tax. Our previous esti-mates on the age-rating change showed that premiums for current coverage could in-crease by up to $3,200 for a 64 year old, while reducing premiums by only about $700 for a younger enrollee. Significant premium in-creases for older consumers will make insur-ance less affordable, will not address their expressed concern about rising premiums, and only encourage a small increase in the enrollment numbers for younger persons. In addition to increasing premiums from the age rating change, the bill reduced the tax credits available for older Americans to help purchase insurance. We estimate that the bill’s changes to current law’s tax credits alone could increase premium costs for a 55- year old earning $25,000 by more than $2,300 a year. For a 64-year old earning $25,000, that increased premium rises to more than $4,400 a year, and more than $5,800 for a 64-year old earning $15,000. Overall, both the bill’s tax credit changes and 5:1 age rating would result in sky-rocketing cost increases for older Ameri-cans. In their analysis, CBO found that a 64 year old earning $26,500 a year would see their premiums increase by $12,900—758 per-cent—from $1,700 to $14,600 a year. In addi-tion, older workers could also face higher out-of-pocket costs because the bill elimi-nates cost-sharing subsidies which help lower-income Americans with their co-pays and deductibles. It cannot be overstated how much this bill would erase recent gains in health care coverage and affordability for 50– 64 year olds, leading to large spikes in the number of uninsured and financial hardship for millions of older Americans. Current law prohibits insurance companies from discriminating against individuals due to a preexisting condition. We are extremely concerned that the bill may now repeal pre- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.013 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2953 April 28, 2017 
existing condition protections and would once again allow insurance companies to charge Americans more due to a pre-existing condition. We estimate that 40 percent of 50- to 64-year-olds (or about 25 million people in this age group) have a deniable pre-existing condition and risk losing access to affordable coverage. We strongly oppose any weakening of the law’s pre-existing condition protec-tions which benefit millions of Americans. 
MEDICAID AND LONG -TERM SERVICES AND  
SUPPORTS  AARP opposes the provisions of the Amer-ican Health Care Act that create a per capita cap financing structure in the Medicaid pro-gram. We are concerned that these provi-sions could endanger the health, safety, and care of millions of individuals who depend on the essential services provided through Med-icaid. CBO found that the bill would cut Medicaid funding by $880 billion over 2017– 2026. By 2026, CBO expects Medicaid spending to be about 25 percent less than what it projects under current law. Medicaid is a vital safety net and intergenerational life-line for millions of individuals, including over 17.4 million low-income seniors and children and adults with disabilities who rely on the program for critical health care and long-term services and supports (LTSS, i.e., assistance with daily activities such as eating, bathing, dressing, managing medica-tions, and transportation). Older adults and people with disabilities now account for over sixty percent of Medicaid spending, and cuts of this magnitude will result in loss of bene-fits and services for this vulnerable popu-lation. Of these 17.4 million individuals: 6.9 mil-lion are ages 65 and older (which equals more than 1 in every 7 elderly Medicare bene-ficiaries); 10.5 million are children and adults living with disabilities; and about 10.8 mil-lion are so poor or have a disability that they qualify for both Medicare and Medicaid (dual eligibles). Dual eligibles account for al-most 33 percent of Medicaid spending. While they comprise a relatively small percentage of enrollees, they account for a dispropor-tionate share of total Medicare and Medicaid spending. Individuals with disabilities of all ages and older adults rely on critical Medicaid serv-ices, including home and community-based services (HCBS) for assistance with daily ac-tivities such as eating, bathing, dressing, and home modifications; nursing home care; and other benefits such as hearing aids and eyeglasses. People with disabilities of all ages also rely on Medicaid for access to com-prehensive acute health care services. For working adults, Medicaid can help them con-tinue to work; for children, it allows them to stay with their families and receive the help they need at home or in their community. Individuals may have low incomes, face high medical costs, or have already spent through their resources paying out-of-pocket for LTSS, and need these critical services. For these individuals, Medicaid is a program of last resort. In providing a fixed amount of federal funding per person, this approach to financ-ing would likely result in overwhelming cost shifts to states, state taxpayers, and families unable to shoulder the costs of care without sufficient federal support. This would result in cuts to program eligibility, services, or both—ultimately harming some of our na-tion’s most vulnerable citizens. In terms of seniors, we have serious concerns about set-ting caps at a time when per-beneficiary spending for poor seniors is likely to in-crease in future years. By 2026, when Boomers start to turn age 80 and older, they will likely need much higher levels of serv-ice—including HCBS and nursing home— moving them into the highest cost group of all seniors. As this group continues to age, their level of need will increase as well as their overall costs. We are also concerned that caps will not accurately reflect the cost of care for individuals in each state, includ-ing for children and adults with disabilities and seniors, especially those living with the most severe disabling conditions. CBO esti-mates that Medicaid spending on a per-en-rollee basis would grow at a faster rate than the consumer price index for medical care services (CPI–M)—3.7 percent for CPI–M versus an average annual growth rate of 4.4 percent for Medicaid over the 2017–2026 pe-riod. Over time, the difference in the growth rate under the per capita cap (CPI–M) and the actual cost of care would further shift costs to states, which could result in even greater potential harm to some of the most vulnerable individuals. AARP is also opposed to the repeal of the six percent enhanced federal Medicaid match for states that take up the Community First Choice (CFC) Option. CFC provides states with a financial incentive to offer HCBS to help older adults and people with disabilities live in their homes and communities where they want to be. About 90 percent of older adults want to remain in their own homes and communities for as long as possible. HCBS are also cost effective. On average, in Medicaid, the cost of HCBS per person is one- third the cost of institutional care. Taking away the enhanced match could disrupt serv-ices for older adults and people with disabil-ities in the states that are already providing services under CFC and would result in a loss of about $12 billion for HCBS over ten years. AARP also has concerns with the removal of the state option in Medicaid to increase the home equity limit above the federal min-imum. This provision would take away flexi-bility for states to adjust a Medicaid eligi-bility criterion based on the specific cir-cumstances of each state and its residents beyond a federal minimum standard. AARP continues to support critical consumer pro-tections included in current law, including guaranteed issue, prohibitions on preexisting condition exclusions, bans on annual and lifetime coverage limits and allowing fami-lies to keep children on their policies until the age of 26. Also, AARP continues to sup-port restoring the 7.5 percent threshold for the medical expense deduction which will di-rectly help older Americans struggling to pay for health care, particularly the high cost of nursing homes and other long-term services and supports. We look forward to working with you to ensure that we maintain a strong health care system that ensures robust insurance mar-ket protections, controls costs, improves quality, and provides affordable coverage to all Americans. Sincerely, N
ANCY A. L EAMOND, Executive Vice President and Chief Advocacy and Engagement Officer. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, the American Medical Association sent let-ters to Speaker R
YAN and Minority Leader P
ELOSI saying that ‘‘We are deeply concerned that the AHCA would result in millions of Americans losing their current health insurance cov-erage. Nothing in the’’ so-called ‘‘Mac-Arthur amendment remedies the short-comings of the underlying bill.’’ And then they say that, basically, this addition that the Republicans added to the healthcare bill ‘‘could ef-fectively make coverage completely unaffordable for people with pre-existing conditions.’’ I include in the RECORD the letter from the American Medical Associa-tion. 
AMERICAN MEDICAL ASSOCIATION , Chicago, IL, April 27, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : After reviewing the MacArthur Amendment to H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act (AHCA), the American Medical Association (AMA) remains opposed to passage of this legislation. As we have previously stated, we are deeply concerned that the AHCA would result in millions of Americans losing their current health insurance coverage. Nothing in the MacArthur amendment remedies the shortcomings of the underlying bill. The amendment does not offer a clear long-term framework for stabilizing and strengthening the individual health insurance market to ensure that low and moderate income pa-tients are able to secure affordable and ade-quate coverage, nor does it ensure that Med-icaid and other critical safety net programs are maintained and adequately funded. The MacArthur Amendment would allow states to apply for waivers from critical con-sumer protections provided in the Affordable Care Act (ACA), including the age rating ratio of 3 to 1, the requirements that health insurers must cover certain essential health benefits, and the ban on health status under-writing. The current ban on health status underwriting protects individuals from being discriminated against by virtue of their med-ical conditions. Prior to the passage of the ACA, such individuals were routinely denied coverage and/or priced out of affordable cov-erage. We are particularly concerned about allowing states to waive this requirement be-cause it will likely lead to patients losing their coverage. Although the MacArthur Amendment states that the ban on pre-existing conditions remains intact, this as-surance may be illusory as health status un-derwriting could effectively make coverage completely unaffordable to people with pre-existing conditions. There is also no cer-tainty that the requirement for states to have some kind of reinsurance or high-risk pool mechanism to help such individuals will be sufficient to provide for affordable health insurance or prevent discrimination against individuals with certain high-cost medical conditions. We continue to strongly urge Congress to engage in a bipartisan, bicameral dialogue with stakeholders to work on policies that enhance coverage, choice, and affordability. Sincerely, J
AMES L. M ADARA , MD. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I find all this particularly puzzling because my friends have said over and over and over and over again that they agree with Democrats when it comes to pro-tecting people with preexisting condi-tions. They said that they do not want insurance companies to have the abil-ity to discriminate against people with preexisting conditions. And yet what they have done is they have created a repeal-and-replacement bill that does just that and then goes after essential benefits. Again, we have been talking about essential benefits over and over and over again. And again, I want to re-mind my colleagues what the word ‘‘es-sential’’ means. Go to the dictionary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.023 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2954 April 28, 2017 
Look up the word ‘‘essential.’’ It says, absolutely necessary, extremely impor-tant. That is the definition of essen-tial. And so when we talk about essen-tial health benefits, that is what we are talking about. I have one additional speaker. I was going to close, but I would ask indul-gence. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON  L
EE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman from Massachusetts was speaking, I rushed to the floor because he was making such eloquent and im-portant statements, and I wanted to make sure to join him on recognizing that, though we are pushing the can down the road, we know what the mindset of the administration is in terms of funding this country. As a member of the Budget Committee, we received the skinny budget, and, to my dismay, it was a budget that harmed and hurt and undermined the govern-ance of this Nation. I think it is important to match the Affordable Care Act with the outside needs of living and thriving in this Na-tion. So my Houston Housing Author-ity has now stopped vouchers for fami-lies in Section 8 housing for fear of not having the money. They had breaking news 2 days ago telling those families, don’t show up because we have no money to house you—similar to no money and no room at the inn. The zeroing out of the community development dollars, which ends our opportunities for parks and sidewalks and housing and fixing those hurricane roofs of senior citizens who are living in devastation from Hurricane Ike. It is not realizing the importance of the National Endowment for the Arts or recognizing the EPA and clean air and clean water for those of us who live near the Gulf or near the border. It is not recognizing that you are not the President of the 10 percent that may approve of what you are doing, but you are the President of the United States of America. And then, for those who work in health care, in a meeting I just had with the National Institutes of Health, $6 billion cut. Do you realize that one of the institutes sends 88 percent of their moneys out for grants so that re-searchers, young scientists who live here in the United States, can thrive and provide new kinds of research? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. M
CGOVERN. I yield the gentle-woman from Texas an additional 1 minute. Ms. JACKSON LEE. There are 27 in-stitutes in the National Institutes of Health. One of them happens to deal with diabetes. The number one is can-cer. And for those of us who have expe-rienced it, and for African-American women and others who have the triple negative trait, breast cancer, the re-search of the NIH is crucial. Or Dr. Fauci’s National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases. Dr. Peter Hotez, in Houston, head of Baylor Infectious Diseases, under-stands Ebola and Zika. We need these resources. What an outrage to cut, in the skinny budget, $6 billion. So we may push this to another 7 days, but I can tell you that we are pushing the hearts and minds of Ameri-cans. We are creating a disaster. And I can’t appreciate the fact that law enforcement will be losing funding. The Department of Justice and the Civil Rights Division, in spite of who is leading that Department, it is a De-partment for the vulnerable. So I thank the gentleman for pro-viding me with this time, but I wanted to make sure that we added this long litany of those who will be negatively impacted and that America is not about that. America is about serving all of the people of the United States. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentlewoman for her re-marks. I thank the chairman of the Rules Committee for his indulgence. I would just close by saying I think it is sad that we are here at the last minute trying to kick the can down the road to keep the government run-ning again for 1 additional week. This could have been avoided and, again, it could have been avoided if, instead of trying to take away people’s health in-surance, instead of trying to take away people’s essential health benefits, in-stead of trying to cut Medicaid by $800 billion and taking that money and giv-ing a tax break of close to $1 trillion to the richest people in the country, that we actually focused on our job, which is keeping this government running. But my colleagues on the Republican side are in charge. We are where we are. We have to keep the government running. Having said all of that, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to thank the gentleman from Massachusetts. I want to thank the gentlewoman from Florida and the gen-tlewoman from Texas for their com-ments about trying to focus us on the activities that perhaps they would want or not want. Mr. Speaker, today we are here be-cause Chairman F
RELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member L
OWEY came to the Rules Committee yesterday and asked us to please consider the offer that they were laying on the table, and that is to fund the government for 1 more week, with an assurance that they needed 1 more week to complete their work. You heard the gentleman, the Honor-able T
OM COLE, distinguished gen-tleman from not only Oklahoma, but a gentleman from the Appropriations Committee, reinforce how important the work is. We have heard from our colleagues on the Democratic side how important the NIH is, Francis Collins, the work that he does there; the United States Military; Secretary of Defense Mattis; the men and women that protect us; those people that are in Homeland Se-curity. That is what we are going to do, so that is what we are going to focus on, and that is just the way it is. So, Mr. Speaker, I would urge all my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying legislation. I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 235, nays 178, not voting 17, as follows: [Roll No. 235] YEAS—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Noem Nunes O’Halleran Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.015 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2955 April 28, 2017 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—178 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—17 
Brat Buchanan Chaffetz Grijalva Hudson King (NY) Labrador Larson (CT) Lieu, Ted Marchant Marino Newhouse Olson Rouzer Sa´nchez Slaughter Young (AK) 
b1021 Mr. LEVIN changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. KATKO and Ms. ROSEN changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 289, I call up the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 99) making further continuing appro-priations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes, and ask for its imme-diate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 289, the joint resolution is considered read. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: H.J. R ES. 99 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Continuing Ap-propriations Act, 2017 (division C of Public Law 114–223) is further amended by— (1) striking the date specified in section 106(3) and inserting ‘‘May 5, 2017’’; and (2) inserting after section 201 the following new section: ‘‘S
EC. 202. (a) This section may be cited as the ‘Further Continued Health Benefits for Miners Act’. ‘‘(b) Section 402(h)(2)(C)(ii) of the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 (30 U.S.C. 1232(h)(2)(C)(ii)) is amended— ‘‘(1) in subclause (II), by striking ‘April 30, 2017’ and inserting ‘May 5, 2017’; ‘‘(2) in subclause (II)(aa), by striking ‘the Continued Health Benefits for Miners Act’ and inserting ‘the Further Continued Health Benefits for Miners Act’; and ‘‘(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘For purposes of subclause (II)(aa), a bene-ficiary enrolled in the Plan as of the date of the enactment of the Further Continued Health Benefits for Miners Act shall be deemed to have been eligible to receive health benefits under the Plan on January 1, 2017.’. ‘‘(c) The provisions of section 167(d) of Pub-lic Law 114–223 (as added by Public Law 114– 254) shall apply to this section.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. F
RELING -
HUYSEN ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L
OWEY ) each will con-trol 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on H.J. Res. 99. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today to present H.J. Res. 99, a short-term continuing resolution that will keep our government open for an additional week while work is com-pleted on a full-year funding package. First, I would like to thank Ranking Member L
OWEY for her efforts on this bill and, more broadly, on her valuable participation in the appropriations process over many years. Our current continuing resolution ex-pires today at midnight. Working to-gether with the Senate, our leadership, and the White House, we are on track to have a full-year, fiscal year 2017 ap-propriations legislation completed soon, but we need a little more time to process it and prepare it for the floor. This resolution will ensure that the government stays open for another week, until May 5, 2017, to give Con-gress additional time. It extends cur-rent funding levels for essential gov-ernment operations that the American people rely on, including, most impor-tantly, our national defense. It continues all policy and funding provisions in the currently enacted continuing resolution. In addition, it includes an extension of the December CR provision for healthcare benefits for retired coal miners and their depend-ents for the length of the continuing resolution. Congress must pass this legislation today to keep the government open and operating as we wrap up our full-year fiscal year 2017 work. It is our constitu-tional duty and responsibility. A continuing resolution is never any-one’s first choice for funding the gov-ernment; however, this is our best path forward. This CR is very short term, very limited in scope, and will help us complete our important work of fund-ing the government for the rest of fis-cal year 2017. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. At the outset, I want to thank Chair-man FRELINGHUYSEN . It has been a pleasure for me to work with him. I am cautiously optimistic that we will complete this process. Although over-due, we will get our work done. This is the third continuing resolu-tion during fiscal year 2017. We should be voting today on a bipartisan omni-bus appropriations act, not another stopgap bill to keep the government running. After all, we are 7 months into the fiscal year. Federal departments and agencies have been operating on outdated fund-ing levels and policies for more than half of the year. This is unacceptable, and it cannot continue. Assuming we get to a solution that lasts the remain-der of the fiscal year, I do hope Chair-man F
RELINGHUYSEN will help avoid this outcome in the future. The continuing resolution we are considering today is a simple date change to continue government fund-ing through next Friday and to extend health insurance for miners through the same day. The backdrop of this continuing reso-lution is ongoing negotiations on an omnibus appropriations act. Democrats continue to work in good faith to de-velop a bipartisan omnibus that pro-vides sufficient funding for critical pri-orities and rejects divisive poison pill riders. For many months, Democrats have been clear that we will not help pass an omnibus that fails to meet these basic standards, and that re-mains the case. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.007 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2956 April 28, 2017 
As if this process weren’t difficult enough, it occurs as the majority is seeking to strip health insurance from 20 million Americans and repeal pro-tections against insurance company discrimination for millions more. Meanwhile, President Trump continues to tweet false and damaging comments about the omnibus negotiations. It is my hope that these games will end so that we can come together to support investments that create jobs, improve infrastructure, provide a qual-ity education for every student, and in-vest in technology and biomedical re-search that will benefit hardworking Americans. To achieve this, we must make progress on eliminating poison pill rid-ers and advancing shared priorities in an omnibus appropriations act. Next week, we must not consider a fourth continuing resolution, but instead have a positive, bipartisan bill after this un-necessarily lengthy process. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1030 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. H
OYER ), the Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I am so pleased to be here in the House. I am not pleased that we are considering a continuing resolution. To that extent, I presume that I share the opinion of the chairman of the committee, Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . I presume, as she has just articulated, that I share the opin-ion of the ranking member from New York. Mr. Speaker, we are now 7 months into fiscal year 2017. We have 5 months remaining, and the majority party has been unable to fund government for the balance of the fiscal year. They have over 218 votes in this body, and they have over 50 votes in the Senate. Now, you need 60 votes in the Senate, so it is more complicated. I understand that. But they now have a Republican Presi-dent. As we did for the 2016 budget, which we passed in December of 2015 to the balance for September 30, 2016—I know all those dates run together—it was my desire and my advice, Mr. Speaker, that we do the same thing last Decem-ber: pass an omnibus, take all the bills that the Committee on Appropriations has spent literally hundreds of hours hearing and making decisions on, make the compromises necessary in a demo-cratic body so that 218 votes would be available. Now, the American public, if they have been watching closely, will see that not a single major appropriation bill has passed this House without Democratic help, so that everybody in this body knows that whatever is done in a major fiscal bill has to be done in a bipartisan way. The good news for this House is Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN un-derstands that well, based upon his ex-perience and his observations, and, in my view, is willing to work together. I know that that also applies to the gen-tlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ). I had the opportunity to be on the Committee on Appropriations for 23 years. I am still a member of that com-mittee on leave because I am a whip at this point in time. I am going to vote for this continuing resolution, but I want to put my colleagues and the American people on notice, Mr. Speak-er, that I will not vote for another one. I said to the press a month ago that I would vote for a continuing resolution today only if we had an agreement and the continuing resolution was for the purpose of allowing sufficient time to memorialize that agreement; in other words, put it down on paper and pass it through the House and the Senate. We are, unfortunately, not in that position today. It is my understanding from Mrs. L
OWEY , with whom I talked this morn-ing, that there are still significant items that are not resolved. Mr. Speak-er, I talked to the Speaker, Mr. R
YAN, and to the majority leader standing right there on the floor just hours ago yesterday. It is my understanding that the Speaker’s intention is that we have a bill filed Monday night so, in the Speaker’s words, we can give 72 hours to review that bill and then pass it on Thursday. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I hope that the Speaker’s intention is carried out, which will require, over the next 72 hours, hard work by Members and by staff and a willingness to understand that each side has some things it must have and each side has some things it cannot do. That is the nature of the legislative process. If we exercise the responsibility that our constituents hoped that we would exercise when they sent us to this body, surely we can do that. I want to tell my friend, the chairman, for whom I have great respect—I hope that doesn’t hurt him too much on his side of the aisle—that I want you to be able to say that Mr. H
OYER said he was going to urge his colleagues not to vote for another CR, and that, therefore, un-less you have 218 votes on your side for whatever the product that you produce, that if we are going to fund government, as we surely should do, that we come to an agreement. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Committee on Appropriations for 23 years, I was very proud, it was the most bipartisan committee in the Con-gress, and we understood our responsi-bility that the appropriation bills are the one bill that must pass if we are to continue to serve our public and keep America strong and vibrant and eco-nomically growing jobs. This is a seri-ous matter. Continuing to kick the can down the road ought to be an unaccept-able alternative. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I urge every one of my colleagues—there are not a lot of people on the floor, Mr. Speaker, but I hope they are watching on television—to understand that the basic responsibility that we have of en-suring the functioning of the govern-ment of the people of the United States is one that we ought to perform in a re-sponsible, effective, and timely fash-ion. Mr. Chairman, I will work with you, and I will work with Mrs. LOWEY over the next few days to ensure that next week we have a product that can pass this House because it has bipartisan support and is in the best interests of our country. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak about H.J. Res. 99, ‘‘Making Further Continuing Appropriations for Fiscal Year 2017.’’ This resolution is an imperfect vehicle for appropriations for FY 2017, because it does not fully fund the government for the entire fis-cal year and it keeps in place sequestration. H.J. Res. 99 goes against sound fiscal prac-tice by including the budget gimmickry known as sequestration, a fiscal bludgeon that makes across the board cuts in funding for the valu-able services depended upon by American children, seniors, workers, veterans, students, and small businesses. Mr. Speaker, the Continuing Resolution be-fore us extends current Fiscal Year 2017 gov-ernment funding by seven days, through May 5, 2017, at its current rate, which means a continuation of the across-the-board cut of .19% for all accounts, defense and non-de-fense, contained in the expiring continuing res-olution that was approved December 8, 2016. Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed that we have again been placed in the position of hav-ing to fund the government through the device of a continuing resolution rather than through the normal appropriations process of consid-ering and voting on the twelve separate spending bills reported by the Committee on Appropriations. H.J. Res. 99 is far from perfect, but it is a modest and positive step since it ensures that funding for appropriated entitlements will con-tinue at a rate maintaining program levels under current law and, for a week at least, prevents congressional Republicans from shutting down the government again and man-ufacturing a crisis that only harms our econ-omy, destroys jobs, and weakens our middle class. The government shutdown of 2013, which was manufactured by the Republican majority lasted 16 days and cost taxpayers $24 billion. The enormous harm and disruption of the lives of federal employees and the people they serve, however, was irreparable. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.020 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2957 April 28, 2017 
As I stated, Mr. Speaker, this Continuing Resolution is not perfect and it only funds the government until May 5, 2017. As veteran and seasoned Members of Con-gress, we have been in this challenging posi-tion before. But working together—in a spirit of goodwill, bipartisanship, and realism, I believe we can reach a long-term agreement that will avert a shutdown of government operations and the disruption a shutdown causes to the lives of millions of Americans who depend upon fed-eral programs to do their jobs, educate their kids, care for their parents, and contribute to their communities. Our constituents look to the Congress and the President to make responsible choices and decisions to keep the nation safe, the economy prosperous, and to make necessary and prudent investments in education, healthcare and research, transportation and infrastructure, economic development, science, the arts and humanities, and the en-vironment. This is, after all, just another way of saying that the American people expect their leaders in Washington be guided by the Constitution’s Preamble and pursue policies and provide the resources that will: ‘‘establish justice, ensure domestic tran-quility, provide for the common defense, pro-mote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty.’’ The funding priorities that have been floated by the Trump Administration fail this essential test of leadership because they are irrespon-sible, impracticable, unrealistic, and, in many respects, insensitive or indifferent to the dele-terious impact they will have on the lives of real people living in the real world. They do not command majority support in the Congress or of the public. To win such support, I believe that it is es-sential that any subsequent continuing resolu-tion or omnibus appropriations bill achieves the following goals and objectives: ‘‘To establish justice’’ and ‘‘To promote the general welfare’’: 1. Full funding for the U.S. Department of Justice Civil Rights Division and the Depart-ment of Education Office of Civil Rights so that they have funds needed to enforce laws protecting civil rights, voting rights, and pros-ecuting hate crimes. 2. Fully funds community development block grants and low income housing programs in urban and rural communities. 3. Fully funds the Legal Services Corpora-tion so that working and low-income persons who lack an army of lobbyists to represent them in Washington will at least have the as-sistance of counsel to defend their legal rights in courts of law. 4. Fully funds programs providing food as-sistance to housebound seniors, such as Meals on Wheels. 5. Fully funds programs that provide stu-dents from low and moderate-income families access to affordable higher education and pro-vides students with special needs the support needed to receive the free appropriate public education (FAPE) in the least restrictive envi-ronment (LRE) guaranteed by the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA Act). 6. Fully funds before and after school pro-grams and other student enrichment programs that help students succeed. 7. Fully funds programs that make federal housing safer through energy efficient heating and cooling systems. 8. Preserves tax credit programs that help revitalize low income communities. 9. Fully funds the Environmental Protection Agency and Department of Energy programs developing the next generation of clean en-ergy and transportation technologies. ‘‘Provide for the common defense’’: 1. Provides robust funding for the Depart-ment of State and USAID to advance national security interests in places like Iraq and Af-ghanistan and to end violent conflicts in trou-ble spots which could threaten the security in-terests of the United States. 2. Provides adequate funding for United Na-tions peacekeeping missions throughout the world and distribution of food aid to people in developing and famine stricken countries, such as South Sudan, Somalia, Yemen, and Nigeria. ‘‘To ensure domestic tranquility’’: 1. Fully funds cost-sharing reduction sub-sidies, or CSRs, to compensate insurers for reducing deductibles and out-of-pocket maxi-mums for low-income customers on the Af-fordable Care Act exchanges. 2. Protects the adequacy, solvency, and in-tegrity of the Medicare and Medicaid pro-grams, which provide health sustaining sup-port for 70 million Americans. 3. Fully funds the National Institutes of Health research programs so that patient ac-cess to lifesaving treatments is not delayed. 4. Does not convert funding for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention into block grants which would hinder the nation’s ability to respond swiftly and effectively to public health crises like Ebola, Zika, and HIV/AIDS. Mr. Speaker, I believe that if all members of the House and Senate work together, we can reach agreement on an appropriate budget framework that invests in the American peo-ple, preserves our national security, and keeps faith with the values that have served our na-tion well and made the United States the lead-ing nation on earth. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 289, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the joint resolu-tion. The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15- minute vote on passage of the joint res-olution will be followed by a 5-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 382, nays 30, not voting 18, as follows: 
[Roll No. 236] YEAS—382 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.024 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2958 April 28, 2017 
Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—30 
Amash Boyle, Brendan F. Bridenstine Ca´rdenas Castor (FL) Clarke (NY) DeFazio DeGette DesJarlais Gaetz Garrett Gutie´rrez Hollingsworth Johnson, Sam Jones King (IA) Lee Lewis (GA) Lujan Grisham, Michelle Massie Mooney (WV) Pearce Ratcliffe Renacci Rush Sensenbrenner Vela Vela´zquez Watson Coleman Wittman 
NOT VOTING—18 
Bost Brat Buchanan Chaffetz Flores Hudson Johnson (LA) King (NY) Labrador Larson (CT) Lieu, Ted Marino Mullin Newhouse Olson Rouzer Sa´nchez Slaughter 
b1129 Ms. CLARKE of New York and Mr. GUTIE´RREZ changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. BUDD, COOPER, and AL GREEN of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the joint resolution was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 236. Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 236. Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I was at the White House for a signing ceremony. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 236. Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I was at the White House for a signing ceremony. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 236. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 235 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 236. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 235 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 236. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained at the White House. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 235 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 236. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained and missed rollcall vote Nos. 235 and 236. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on vote 236. I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on vote 235. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend votes on April 28, 2017, due to a family medical issue. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall vote 235. ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall vote 236. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
OLDING ). The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speak-er’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), the majority leader, for the purpose of inquiring of the schedule for the week to come. (Mr. M
CCARTHY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Mr. Speaker, the House will consider a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be an-nounced by close of business today. One suspension worth highlighting is H.R. 1644, the Korean Interdiction and Modernization of Sanctions Act, spon-sored by Chairman E
DROYCE . Mr. Speaker, last year, North Korea con-ducted two nuclear weapons tests and 26 ballistic missile flight tests. Congress has long led the charge to impose strict sanctions against the Kim Jong-un regime. This bill would continue that effort by specifically sanctioning North Korea’s shipping in-dustry, as well as targeting those who employ North Korean slave labor abroad. It is critical we send a clear and bipartisan message that North Ko-rea’s reckless provocations cannot con-tinue. In addition, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider H.R. 1180, the Working Families Flexibility Act, sponsored by Representative MARTHA ROBY. This bill would give employees the option to convert the overtime hours worked into paid time off. Mr. Speaker, hard-working Americans in the private sec-tor deserve the same flexibility that public sector workers have enjoyed for decades. By passing this bill, we will give American families greater choice in how they spend their most impor-tant resource, their time. Finally, Mr. Speaker, the House will consider legislation providing further appropriations for the 2017 fiscal year. I am encouraged by the reports I have received from our Appropriations Com-mittee regarding these negotiations, and I look forward to a strong vote on this agreement next week. Mr. Speaker, additional legislative items are possible. If any items are added, I will relay scheduling informa-tion to Members as soon as possible. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the majority leader for the information on the schedule for next week. I would ask him, with respect to Korea, that being on the floor—also, as I understand it, the committee has been working on a Syria sanctions bill. Obviously both of those areas are criti-cally important. Does the gentleman have any infor-mation when we might anticipate the Syria resolution coming forward as well? I yield to the gentleman. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman is correct. This is a critical area and one that we do want to make sure we speak with one voice and a bi-partisan voice. I have spoken to the committee chairman. He is continuing to work on this. And I anticipate, not next week but in the future, that coming to the floor. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his focus on that issue because we agree, of course, that that is a serious and volatile matter with which we need to deal in a hope-fully effective way. Two items, one that the gentleman mentioned. We just passed a continuing resolution, as the gentleman noted. And pursuant to our discussions, Democrats and Republicans both over-whelmingly voted for that, and it passed handily. I don’t know whether the gentleman heard my remarks on the floor, but what I had indicated is—and I have in-dicated to him privately—that we Democrats are in a position of not sup-porting an additional continuing reso-lution. In my discussions with Mrs. L
OWEY , our ranking member on the Appropria-tions Committee, she believes that there is a possibility to get an agree-ment between the two parties, but it appears that the committees them-selves have reached a point where they think they will need additional assist-ance from leadership, I presume, on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.002 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2959 April 28, 2017 
both sides of the aisle to resolve some of the thorniest issues that are still outstanding. I want to thank the majority leader and the Speaker. In our discussions yesterday on the floor in private—they weren’t, I don’t think, private discus-sions because there were other people around. Both the Speaker and yourself are desirous of getting this done before the end of the weekend, posting some-thing either as early perhaps as Sun-day night or as late as Monday night on an omnibus, which would fund gov-ernment between next week and the end of the fiscal year September 30. So the first question would be: We share that objective in common, I pre-sume; is that accurate? I yield to the gentleman. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Maryland for yielding. That is true. I want to thank the gen-tleman even for his comments earlier in the week. I know they might not have been the same comments as the rest on the other side of the aisle. It was our anticipation that we would not have to do a continuing resolution. I do believe that the committee is very close. It is the intention of the committee to get to an agreement. I hoped to get to an agreement as early as today, knowing that we do want to provide to the Members the 3 days so they can read through the entire bill and that we can vote on this before the end of this short-term CR. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that, and I would urge the Speaker and the majority leader to engage with others because I think that would be useful in facili-tating the reaching of an agreement. I know that Leader P
ELOSI and I will also be available to the extent that we could facilitate that. I know there are some thorny, tough issues still outstanding, but I know the majority leader agrees with me that the funding of government on a spo-radic basis on a continuing resolution is very bad for morale of the Federal service, very bad for anybody who wants to plan on how to execute their obligations and responsibilities, and frankly very disconcerting not only to the American people but to people around the world who contemplate the shutdown of the Government of the United States of America on which so much of the world relies for some de-gree of stability. It is simply not a thing that we ought to be doing. So I would urge the leader and myself to be as engaged as we need to be to get us to that objective next week. Secondly, Mr. Majority Leader, I know we had some discussion about a healthcare bill. The Affordable Care Act, as you know, we think is working. We think, working together, we can make it better. I know the majority leader and his party disagree with that and want to see it repealed and that there is legislation to do that. The majority leader did not mention it in his comments, but does he antici-pate the American Health Care Act, with or without amendments, being considered next week? I yield to the gentleman. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I know we have had many discussions in regards to this, and we have a very strong difference of opinion. I would believe those individuals that have lost their doctors and that have lost their health care entirely, that they do not have someone providing it. If you look within Tennessee and one- third of the entire country, they only have one provider. There are chal-lenges. We cannot continue to sit back and just watch ObamaCare fail. We have to do something about it. We had committees work through a bill. We have made great progress over the Easter break. Members have been talking to one another. Members have seen a new amendment to add to the bill. They have been looking at it this week, and I anticipate as soon as Mem-bers have looked through that that we will bring that bill to the floor. I don’t have anything scheduled for next week. But as soon as a bill is scheduled, we will notify you. I antici-pate the Members reading through it this weekend, and, as soon as possible, we will bring that bill to the floor. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for that comment. The gentleman is certainly correct, we have very substantial disagreements. We be-lieve the Affordable Care Act is work-ing. I was pleased to see the administra-tion, at least in the short-term, indi-cate that they will not take actions to undermine it or sabotage it without passing a replacement, without having the ability to give to the American people an option. I think the adminis-tration did the right thing. I hope they will continue to do the right thing in making payments consistent with the law. We will have a very significant de-bate on that bill. Therefore, I would urge the majority leader if, in fact, the majority leader is going to bring that bill to the floor at some point in time, that significant notice be given so that not only Members of Congress, but that the American people can have the op-portunity to assess the ramifications— in our perspective, the very serious ad-verse ramifications—that the passage of the American Health Care Act would have on the health care and the cost to every American of health insurance. The President, as you know, has indi-cated that he wants to make sure—and he said he would support a program where every American has insurance, not access to insurance. He has made comments numerous times during the course of the campaign and since he has been President of the United States that his program would provide for every American to have health insur-ance at a lower cost with better qual-ity. I have told the people that, if he sends such a bill down, I would be in-clined to support such a bill. He has not, of course, sent such a bill down. So, Mr. Leader, the bottom line is I am simply saying that this will be a very controversial item and deserving of very significant debate, discussion. Hopefully, we will get significant no-tice as to when the majority leader ex-pects to bring it to the floor so that we could be prepared for that debate. I yield to the gentleman. b1145 Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. And yes, we have had a lot, ample de-bate already, through committee and part of the floor, but it is our anticipa-tion that we will give you plenty of no-tification. We have already posted the amend-ment to make sure everybody has the ability to read it, and it has already been there 3 days. It is just 8 pages long, and we have provided the 3 days already. But we will give you, as soon as it is scheduled for the floor, notice of it coming. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 2017, TO MONDAY, MAY 1, 2017 Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, May 1, 2017, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
ARRETT ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Cali-fornia? There was no objection. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MANNIE JACKSON (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mannie Jackson, a legendary basketball player at both the University of Illinois and Edwardsville High School, on his in-duction into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. Born in a railroad boxcar in southern Missouri, Mannie excelled at Edwardsville High School before at-tending the University of Illinois. He was one of the first African-American letter winners and starters for the Illini. After graduating, Mannie played for the Harlem Globetrotters. While Mannie was a tremendous player, he also purchased the Globe-trotters and helped revive the fran-chise, leading the team to 12 straight years of double-digit growth. Mannie also continued his career as a philanthropist. He founded the Illinois 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.024 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2960 April 28, 2017 
Academic Enrichment and Leadership Program at the University of Illinois and has partnered with leaders at Lewis and Clark Community College to create the Mannie Jackson Center for the Humanities. I have had the privilege of meeting Mannie on multiple occasions and have nothing but admiration and respect for what he does to help others. It is an honor to congratulate him on his in-duction to the Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame, but I am even more proud to recognize all of the contribu-tions he has made to this world. 
f 
21ST CENTURY CIVILIAN CONSERVATION CORPS (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, today is Arbor Day, and I rise to reintroduce my bill, the 21st Century Civilian Con-servation Corps Act. In drafting this bill, I was inspired by the CCC Act first established by Presi-dent Franklin Roosevelt in 1933 as part of his New Deal. This historic initia-tive generated more than 3 million jobs, especially for America’s young people, and inspired a widespread ap-preciation of America’s wealth of nat-ural resources and our responsibility as stewards of these assets. Through current Federal programs like the Great Lakes Restoration Ini-tiative and other conservation and res-toration investments, Americans are once again connecting the dots be-tween clean water, clean land, clean air, and thriving regional ecosystems and economies. With recent attacks on programs that help our Great Lakes, we should remember we don’t have to choose be-tween protecting our environment and natural treasures and creating jobs. We can do both at the same time. Just Ohio and Michigan, alone, need 20 million new trees planted to make up for the devastation that the emerald ash borer and Asian longhorned beetle have done to our forest populations. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and its goal of putting young peo-ple to work across our country that will prosper our Nation and steward its resources forward. I am confident the young people of America will welcome this challenge. 
f 
AUTISM AWARENESS MONTH (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Autism Aware-ness Month and the more than 3.5 mil-lion Americans currently living with an autism spectrum disorder. Today it is estimated that 1 in 68 people will be born with autism. There has been a significant increase in the number of people born with autism in just a decade. With an increase in diagnoses of Americans with autism spectrum, it is important that we expand research and provide adequate resources for people on the spectrum. By increasing aware-ness, we seek to support the numerous families along with millions of individ-uals managing an autism disorder. The earlier autism can be diagnosed and treated, the better chance that person has to pursue an independent and productive life. Thus, it is crucial that our early childcare programs, and especially our schools, have the knowl-edge, resources, and ability to provide assistance to those with autism. I also wish to acknowledge my friend and former constituent, Vincent McLaughlin, who serves as an inspira-tion for autism awareness. Vincent, like many Americans with autism, is an active and devoted member of his local community and proudly serves as a member of his local volunteer fire de-partment. For years, Vincent has sought to increase awareness for au-tism and to serve as an example of just how beneficial early treatment can be. Autism should not be a barrier to preventing Americans from achieving success and pursuing happiness. It is to that goal that I stand here today to recognize all Americans with an au-tism disorder, and I am proud to ac-knowledge April as Autism Awareness Month. f 
PROTECT EVERY COASTAL COMMUNITY IN OUR NATION (Mr. CARBAJAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise because I am deeply troubled by the Trump administration’s executive order expected to be signed today that will potentially expand offshore oil drilling in the Pacific, Atlantic, and Arctic Oceans. My district, the central coast, knows all too well the havoc wreaked from gas and oil platforms off our coasts. We cannot afford another disastrous oil spill. California’s coastal region generates over $1.9 trillion per year in GDP. This order poses a direct threat to our local tourism economies and the success of local businesses, which are undeniably tied to a clean coast and healthy, thriving ocean ecosystem. It is crucial for Congress to pass my bill, H.R. 731, the California Clean Coast Act, to permanently ban drilling off California’s coast and to take fur-ther action to protect every coastal community across our Nation. 
f 
42ND ANNIVERSARY OF THE END OF THE VIETNAM WAR (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, this Sunday, April 30, will be the 42nd year of the conclusion of the Vietnam war. The conflict started between Com-munist-backed North Vietnam and the U.S.-supported Government of South Vietnam in November 1955 and went on for another 20 years. While the motives and justification of the war were seen as controversial to many, what needs to be recognized is the service demonstrated by our brave men and women who risked their lives to do their duty asked of them. Many of them made the ultimate sac-rifice. For that sacrifice, our Nation is eternally grateful. Of the nearly 3 million Americans who served in Vietnam, 58,220 laid down their lives in that service. We can find their names forever enshrined right down the road here in Wash-ington, D.C., at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Wall. Oftentimes, those who did return were not treated well or properly wel-comed home for having served in a war they did not create or ask for. Finally, and thankfully, that welcoming has improved for our Vietnam veterans in recent years as we honor their service. Much still needs to be done in regard to the effects of Agent Orange and other health issues. Of the 75 living Medal of Honor re-cipients, 52 earned their medal in Viet-nam. In total, there were a staggering 260 soldiers awarded the Medal of Honor for heroic acts in the Vietnam war. As we commemorate the 42nd year of the fall of Saigon and the dissatisfac-tory ending of the war in Vietnam this Sunday, we must be thankful for the millions who served in what seemed a thankless role then, who risked their lives in battle for freedom, and for the many still missing or those who did not make it back alive. f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHNNY MATA ON HIS 80TH BIRTHDAY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I first want to rise and salute a very spe-cial friend of mine, Johnny Mata, on his 80th birthday. Longtime Houston activist and lead-ing founder of the Greater Houston Co-alition for Justice, Johnny, we love you because you have been a fighter for justice all of your life. I look forward to coming home and celebrating you, not only as a fighter for justice, but a great American, and certainly one who served in the United States Army. I know that Johnny would not mind me making mention of the fact that, in the 100 days that this President has served, not only has he not provided any service to the American people in terms of providing for their comfort, but today he will celebrate his 100 days by going and speaking before the Na-tional Rifle Association, where over 80 percent of those members believe in re-sponsible gun safety, but not one word 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.026 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2961 April 28, 2017 
has come from the President of the United States. Yet every day, 48 chil-dren and teens are shot in murders, as-saults, and suicides in this country and, as well, over $200,000 in costs for health care is part of the tragedy of gun violence. I would hope that this Presidency will join Members of Congress for re-sponsible gun safety to save lives, and stop catering to the special interests of the National Rifle Association—not its membership, but its leadership who are taking advantage and using this as a moneymaking machine. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to my con-stituent and longtime friend Mr. Johnny Mata on his 80th Birthday. Johnny Mata is a longtime Houston activist who is the presiding officer of the Greater Houston Coalition for Justice. He has been a champion of social justice, education, and civil rights in Houston and across the State of Texas fighting to improve the criminal justice system. He served his country with distinction in the United States Army and later joined the Gulf Coast Community Services Association, where he served for 32 to years helping struggling families to make better lives for themselves. His life has been a commitment to service on behalf of those less fortunate, particularly in the Latino communities where his out-spoken voice against prejudice and injustice has had a profound effect on our criminal jus-tice system. Johnny Mata has held numerous leadership positions including six terms as the Director of two local districts and two terms as Texas State Director for the League of United Latin American Citizens. He is responsible for bringing to the fore-front issues regarding law enforcement and education in the Hispanic community and has been nationally recognized for getting public school districts to hire more Hispanic edu-cators and administrators. In 1999, Johnny Mata founded the Greater Houston Coalition for Justice, an umbrella or-ganization of more than 25 civil rights and ad-vocacy groups dedicated to raising awareness of human rights issues and to addressing defi-ciencies in the Greater Houston area’s crimi-nal justice system. In the same spirit as Cesar Chavez, Johnny Mata is an inspiration to us all because of his kind spirit and humble heart that allows him to continue his fight for the least of these and for those who just need an opportunity to achieve the American dream on a level playing field with fair and equal justice for all. Mr. Speaker, I commend Johnny Mata for his deep and abiding commitment to the causes of social justice and equal rights and offer him the very best for his continued suc-cess fighting for change and also to recognize his contributions to this country on his 80th birthday. Johnny Mata is an American hero. 
f 
TRUMPCARE 2.0 (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, with TrumpCare 2.0, Republican leaders took a bad bill and made it worse. On top of causing at least 24 million more Americans to be uninsured, rais-ing costs for middle class families, im-posing an age tax on older Americans, and making everyone pay more for less coverage, this bill now guts protections for patients with preexisting illnesses and removes the essential health bene-fits: guaranteed coverage for things like prescription drugs, emergency care, maternity care, and mental health. All this while still giving bil-lions in tax breaks to millionaires. Stop being ideologically driven. Put people above partisanship. Put patients first, and let’s work for a bipartisan plan to reduce out-of-pocket costs for care and medicine for all Americans. f 
AFFORDABLE COVERAGE (Mr. GARRETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, over the past days we have heard a great deal of rhetoric as it relates to health care and what the best policy for the United States is. In fact, as we address the Affordable Care Act, which the Democratic Governor of Minnesota re-ferred to as unsustainable and former President Clinton referred to as the craziest thing, we understand that the words ‘‘Affordable Care Act’’ do not, in fact, apply. The paradigm, Mr. Speaker, needs to be this. It need not be whether or not Americans have coverage. In a time when Americans, two-thirds of whom cannot afford $1,000 in a time of finan-cial crisis, as we see premiums and deductibles soar—$4,000, $6,000, $10,000— the paradigm should be: Do they have access to care? Because, in a world where you can’t pay your deductible, a premium or catastrophe creates an unaffordable outcome, and then cov-erage is a piece of paper that does not grant you access to what is truly im-portant, and that is care. That should be the paradigm in this debate going forward. 
f 
b1200 THE FIRST 100 DAYS (Ms. TITUS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TITUS. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow marks 100 days of the Trump adminis-tration. So let’s take a look. What does that 100 days mean? It means hundreds of vacancies still left in important agencies like State and Defense, hundreds of hours wasted on meaningless executive orders, hundreds of miles flown back and forth to Mar-a- Lago to play golf, hundreds of edu-cational and cultural programs on the chopping block, hundreds of acres of public lands under threat, and hun-dreds of programs that benefit million-aires while causing hundreds and thou-sands of seniors to worry about losing Meals on Wheels, working families los-ing their health care, DREAMers losing their protection, women losing Planned Parenthood, and ordinary folks losing money out of their pocket to pay high-er tax bills because of the new pro-posal. That is not much of a record, if you ask me. But what it also means is there are hundreds and thousands of voices rising up saying: We will resist, and we will persist. f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S BROKEN PROMISES (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to call our President’s attention to the working families both in New York’s capital region and across our great country who are hurting from his bro-ken promises during his first 100 days in office. President Trump promised during the campaign that our working families would never be forgotten again. He has forgotten to keep that promise. This President promised to get lobbyists and special interests out of our govern-ment. Then he filled his Cabinet with former lobbyists, Wall Street and oil company executives, and other billion-aires. Now reports are coming out that nu-merous members of his administration were exempted from his widely pub-licized 5-year lobbying ban; therefore, it is no surprise that his policies, again and again, put corporate interests ahead of America’s middle class and working families. President Trump promised to punish companies that outsourced American jobs. Instead, he has continued to award lucrative government contracts to these outsourcing companies, re-warding them for bad behavior and doing nothing to hold other bad actors accountable. As a candidate, Donald Trump called NAFTA the worst trade deal ever ap-proved in our country. He promised to hold China accountable for its bad be-havior on trade. Mexico and Canada called his bluff this week on NAFTA. Instead of accountability, President Trump has offered China sweetheart trade benefits to get them to keep promises they had already made in dealing with North Korea. We know the difference between al-ternative facts and real results. We all do. 
f 
RURAL AMERICA (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today for rural America. I represent the central coast of California, one of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.028 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2962 April 28, 2017 
the most beautiful and bountiful dis-tricts in our Nation. With its many and diverse crops, it is the salad bowl of the world. Now, I know it is on the coast of California, but if you drive 1 or 2 miles east, you will be in rural America. I understand a majority of rural Americans voted for Donald Trump. It has been 100 days now, and all they have received is broken promises with an intended laceration of the Depart-ment of Agriculture budget by 21 per-cent and a lack of respect and a limited appreciation for what the men and women do in rural America. We ask the President to stop his lip service and start giving public service to rural America with investments in infrastructure, research and develop-ment, and, yes, immigration reform. It is time to stop the rhetoric and start recognizing that people who come here who work in agriculture contribute not just to our economy but to our coun-try. Mr. President, all we ask is that you do what people in rural America do every single day. They get up, they work hard, they are stewards of the land, they provide security for our food and for our families, and they serve not just their communities, they serve our country. 
f 
BLACK APRIL AND THE FALL OF SAIGON (Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, this Sunday, April 30, marks 42 years since the fall of Saigon, commemorated as Black April in Vietnamese-American communities across the United States. Along with Congresswoman L
OFGREN , Congressman C
ORREA , and other col-leagues, I introduced a resolution in re-membrance of this event, recognizing the service of U.S. Armed Forces and South Vietnamese forces, and honoring the contributions and sacrifices of Vi-etnamese Americans. This community, started by refugees, has prospered and thrived, giving so much back to this country. They con-tinue to fight tirelessly for the basic human rights of people in Vietnam. I will continue to be a voice for Viet-namese Americans in Congress and for the rights of the people of Vietnam. 
f 
HEALTH CARE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. G
ARRETT ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, on Fri-day, so many say TGIF. My late moth-er passed away in 1991, but she said TGIF one time, and the lady responded, S-H-I-T, and mother looked shocked. She said: ‘‘Sorry, honey, it’s Thurs-day.’’ But this is not Thursday, it is Friday, and I really hoped we would be voting on a bill that wouldn’t totally repeal ObamaCare, but it would give people a great deal of relief. I know with all the talk from the other side of the aisle about how great ObamaCare is, when we look at the numbers, we know that promise after promise was broken in the passage of the ACA, or ObamaCare. People lost their insurance, they lost the medica-tions that they were eligible to have under their prior insurance, they lost their doctor, and they lost their treat-ment facility. That does take a toll on people’s lives. There was bragging about the people that now had insurance that didn’t have it before. But we know it was clear, most of that was people that got stuck on Medicaid. It wasn’t real insur-ance. As we look at the evolution of health care in America, we see that in-surance has changed to where it is no longer insurance. Right now in America, people who are actually medical doctors are some of the best and brightest that America has ever produced. But as an old his-tory major and someone who continues to read and learn from history every week, it is worth noting that there have been strides made in health care and in medicine in the last 100 years that are unparalleled in the entire his-tory of mankind. There was a book called ‘‘The Five Thousand Year Leap.’’ I don’t want to do it an injustice, but basically it points out that when settlers came to North America, not the immigrants that came perhaps from Russia who then later were referred to as Native Americans, but immigrants coming from Europe, the English, and even from Norway, during those years, they came in boats that were not powered other than by sail or by arm strength. Mankind had not made a lot of progress over 5,000 recorded years of history. If you looked at the imple-ments that were used in farming when settlers in the 15th, 16th, and 17th cen-turies came to North America, there really had not been any great develop-ments in production of food and in farming tools over the thousands of years that mankind had existed. Yet I think largely because the Founders of the United States of Amer-ica recognized the importance of inge-nuity and rewarding not only hard work but intellectual developments and processes—in fact, in the Constitu-tion, the Founders had the incredible foresight to provide for something called copyrights or patents because they wanted to protect intellectual property. They felt that if we protect and reward intellectual property, then it will encourage people to develop new ideas and find new and better ways. Within the last 100 years, we have made much more than a 5,000-year leap, and that is also certainly true in health care in the realm of medicine. I don’t think it is just pride in Amer-ica. I think anyone objectively will have to note that if not for the Presi-dents of the United States of America and the medical breakthroughs in the United States of America and the con-tributions of medicine in the United States, we would not be where we are now with so much potential to cure diseases, to prevent diseases, to im-prove quality of life, and to elongate people’s years on the Earth. Some medical historians would say it was around 100 years ago that for the first time—some believe in the entire history of the mankind, recorded or otherwise—that for the first time, about 100 years ago, a person had a bet-ter chance of being healed or getting well after seeing a doctor than they had of getting sicker. It is extraor-dinary to think that for the thousands of years of man’s existence it is only in the last 100 years that physicians actu-ally were able to have a better chance of healing than harming. We saw an old Saturday Night Live skit that played out where the barber was often also the doctor because he had sharp instruments to cut with. But even going back 200 years to 1799, just over 200 years, George Washington got ill. He had been out in the land that he loved there at Mount Vernon, just southwest of here, a place that he longed to be all during the Revolution. For the 8 years he served as the com-mander to the Revolutionary forces, all of those days, nights, and weekends, he longed to be back at Mount Vernon. But for the good of his country, he stayed with his troops. There were entries in journals and letters from people who served under him and were stationed at Valley Forge: Why, even though they weren’t fighting? Because Washington knew if he let the men go home, there was a good chance they wouldn’t come back. If they didn’t come back, then the Rev-olution was going to be over, and all of those who had participated would be killed by the British forces. So he stayed with the troops. He often al-lowed the officers to take leave and go home at night or on a weekend per-haps, but he stayed with the troops. After the war was won, he went back to Mount Vernon. He thought he was done. He had served his country and done what no one else had ever done in history. Although Cincinnatus did an incredibly selfless thing, it still wasn’t to the level of selflessness of George Washington. When he thought he was done in 1787, here came leaders begging him to come back and lead the Con-stitutional Convention in Philadelphia because, as they eventually made clear to Washington, if he did not come back and reside, all would be lost. All those who fought during the Revolution would have fought for nothing: it would all go away, and the British would be back in charge. There would be chaos. b1215 So he agrees to come back. Then an incredible thing happened at the Con-stitutional Convention. After they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.030 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2963 April 28, 2017 
could not reach any agreement on much of anything, as Ben Franklin pointed out, Randolph made a motion that they recess until after a celebra-tion of the country’s birth, its anniver-sary in early July. Why don’t they go to church to-gether, worship together, celebrate God’s love and his gift in this country, and then come back and try what had been so unsuccessful for the 5 weeks or so to that point? The motion passed. They went to church at the Reformed Calvinistic Church, a Christian church, and they worshipped God together. They asked for his leadership. The Right Reverend William Rogers, pastor of the Re-formed Calvinistic Church in Philadel-phia, did a powerful job of leading the worship of God in this Christian church. It was a nondenominational service. We still have a record of the prayer that was prayed by Reverend Rogers at that celebration. People noted after they came back that there was a different spirit. Yes, there was disagreement, but it wasn’t as rancorous as it had been before that. It eventually came to the great com-promise that allowed one body to have equal numbers of representatives from each State, no matter what size, and another body would have equal power and its representatives would be chosen according to the number of people who lived in that State. That was one of the great compromises. We end up with a Constitution. George Washington thinks he is done, but after the Constitution is ratified, they begged him to allow them to elect him unanimously to be our first Presi-dent. He doesn’t want to do it. He even-tually agrees, gives in. They elect him unanimously. They have a contested vote for Vice President, but John Adams wins. After 4 years, he was ready to go home. They begged him again to allow them to reelect him unanimously. He eventually gave in and served 4 more years as President. Some did become disappointed with Washington during those 4 years be-cause he would not allow the United States to get involved in the French Revolution. That irritated some peo-ple, but Washington believed that America was so weak in that time, that if we got involved in a foreign war, albeit a civil war, we would end up losing what had been gained to that point. So he didn’t let the United States get involved. When he was begged to stay and let them elect him to a third 4-year term, it would not have been unanimous. He said, basically, that it would look too much like a monarchy if someone served 12 years. He refused and could not be deterred. He went back to Mount Vernon. There at Mount Vernon, as he loved to do, he was going around assessing what improvements needed to be made there on his property. It was cold. It began to rain. He was marking trees as to which ones would be cut and which ones would be allowed to remain. It got dark. He came to the house, not realizing that visitors had come. Since the Washingtons were always so hospitable, even if they didn’t know people were coming, Martha would pro-vide food for them. George Washington came in. He was wet, he was cold, and Martha implored him to go change clothes, as did the guests, but he wouldn’t have of it be-cause he was so polite, always more concerned about others. So he re-mained, ate in cold and wet clothes, and ended up developing some kind of cold or infection, and it turned into a very serious infection. A doctor was called, and he couldn’t understand why Washington wasn’t doing better. They were draining blood from Washington. It should have healed him. It should have made him all well. If we are getting the bad blood out of him, we don’t know why he is not getting better, but got weaker. Imagine that: you drain a man’s blood, he gets weaker. They didn’t un-derstand what they were doing. That was 218 years ago. Washington got weaker. They were able to get ahold of the doctor, who was one of George Washington’s best friends in the world, Dr. Craik. Dr. Craik loved George Washington. Wash-ington loved him like a brother. Craik wanted to do all he could to get him well. This man who loved Washington and cared so deeply was one of the bet-ter doctors of the 18th century. He bled him again. He drained more blood from Washington’s body, thinking that would help, and it didn’t. As we know now, that was not helping. It was hurt-ing. It was doing great damage. That is what they thought just 218 years ago. In that intervening 218 years, the advancements in medicine have been staggering. We know now what helps and what doesn’t help. There will probably come a time when, if we continue to develop research, as we have in the past, we will be able to look back at the year 2017 and say there were things that we were doing that were not as helpful as we thought, may have been harmful, but never again to the extent as occurred where the doctors actually were responsible for killing their friend, our American hero. I don’t think we will get to that point again. It is worth noting historically the de-velopments of health care so that we can adequately see what has happened in the 7 years since ObamaCare got passed. We have done damage to health care in America under ObamaCare. I know people talk about all the peo-ple that have health insurance now that didn’t before. So many lost their policy. They got a much worse policy. ObamaCare basically outlawed cata-strophic insurance policies, which are those that have a high deductible with a low premium and ensure against basi-cally something catastrophic, disease, injury. Yet, because of the problems that ObamaCare created, premiums skyrocketed for so many people and the deductibles dramatically increased. So many people have told me about their deductibles going from $250, $500 to $6,000, $7,000, $10,000. There are so many paying more than $10,000 for their health insurance with a high de-ductible that they can never pay. We have done great damage to people’s ability to get the health care they need, that they used to be able to af-ford. It was in the last 40 or 50 years that, when people brought up health insur-ance, it really was insurance. You paid a very small premium each month against some unforeseeable event out there in the future, a catastrophic dis-ease or injury. So you just paid a small premium, like term life insurance, to ensure against something you hope never would happen. In the meantime, you just paid for your health care. I know that while growing up in Mount Pleasant, Texas, everybody knew the doctors that were there. We went to more than one. It was some-times dictated by who raised their prices and who hadn’t. Now we don’t know who raises their prices. You get a bill from a healthcare provider and there is no way in the world to know how much the procedure costs, how much the visit costs, how much any-body is actually going to pay to satisfy this massive indebtedness. Chances are, maybe less than a tenth of what the bill says that the government will pay if it is Medicaid, Medicare, Blue Cross, Aetna, Anthem, or any of these health insurers. You can’t improve the cost of health care if you don’t know what it costs. You can’t have free-market principles bringing down the cost of health care when nobody knows what it costs. We have gone from the days of hav-ing health insurance ensure against a distant catastrophic event to paying behemoth companies to manage our health care, to tell us what doctor we can see, which hospital we can go to. We pay for so many other people who come into the country illegally and don’t have insurance. We pay for people in the country legally that don’t have insurance. We pay exorbitant amounts for peo-ple that go to an emergency room be-cause the Supreme Court has told us that, regardless of whether someone can pay or not, they have to be seen and treated. What happens at the emer-gency room costs those who do pay dramatically more than if those indi-viduals had just gone to a health clinic and had the same treatment for the same problem. So there have been some great solu-tions proposed, none of which have been to have the government have more role, turn all of the Nation’s health care into a big Veterans Admin-istration where things can often be cat-astrophic. One of the things that has really bro-ken my heart to be a servant of the people of east Texas is so many vet-erans’ stories of how they were not properly cared for medically. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.033 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2964 April 28, 2017 
didn’t get the care they need. They were waiting for months. Then I will have people tell me they got treated very well. They are in the Lufkin Clin-ic named for Charlie Wilson. Overall, I think our veterans would still be better off if all of them were given a card and told: If you want to go to your local VA clinic, if you have one close, fine. You just go to whichever is closest and it gives you the best health care. That provides competition and it keeps our word to the veterans that they will have the health care they need. Veterans should not be penalized be-cause they served our country and put themselves in harm’s way. My 4 years on Active Duty in the U.S. Army did not entitle me to life health care, so I don’t have that personal experience of dealing with the VA health care. I was not disabled. I still feel guilty because during my 4 years, 1978 to 1982, we were never in combat. b1230 We were put on alert in 1979 that some of us, at least, might be going to Iran, and we should have. I still feel that thousands of Americans would be alive today if we had been sent back then and had done the job of the rad-ical Islamists that President Carter had been welcomed in. Ayatollah Kho-meini, President Carter welcomed him as a man of peace, and he has done any-thing but provide peace. But we owe our veterans so much. George Washington knew that, and that is why in that picture just down the hall, that huge painting that John Trumbull had painted, Washington has his arm outstretched, piece of paper in there. On that piece of paper was his resignation. He had also sent a copy to all 13 Governors. Amazingly, the last part of his resignation was a prayer for the Nation. In that prayer for the Na-tion, he included that he prayed God would ensure that we would never for-get those who had served in the field; talking about our veterans who had fought for this country because Wash-ington knew if we were going to remain a free nation, then we would have to honor those, take care of those who suffered as a result of giving us, pro-tecting our freedom. That is why also, if we ever fail to honor those who have honored us by serving us in the mili-tary, we won’t last past the next major conflict. It is important we do that, and Washington knew that. So, since Washington’s death was certainly propelled by blood being drained, we know draining somebody of their life-giving blood is not normally a good idea, but in the last 100 years, just thinking about you have a better chance of getting well than you do of getting sick, look at the progress that was made in medicine in 100 years and look at the developments in medicine since ObamaCare came about. Yes, we know the big pharmaceutical companies signed on to endorsing ObamaCare, as did the American Hos-pital Association and the American Medical Association and AARP. For every organization that signed on en-dorsing ObamaCare, if you read the ObamaCare bill, as I did, you could nor-mally find where they got their payoff. You could normally find something that they were given to buy their sup-port. AARP has made more money than they would have ever dreamed before ObamaCare through the health insur-ance policies that they endorse. So, yes, there was a great deal of self-serv-ice for AARP to endorse a bill that did massive medical damage to retired peo-ple, a bill that cut $716 billion out of Medicare. When people realize AARP endorsed a bill that did so much gutting of Medi-care, how could they do that if they really care about retired people? Well, how they could do it is that they were going to be rewarded by sell-ing or endorsing insurance that wouldn’t have the 2 percent tax on it that most insurance would have. They got some other benefits out of it. I haven’t seen how much profit they have made for a nonprofit organiza-tion, but I believe it was in 2008 that they made over $400 million, basically profit for a nonprofit, from their insur-ance sales. There is no telling how much that has increased. I would love to see the number since ObamaCare came about. But they got a big payday because they endorsed ObamaCare. The pharmaceuticals, we knew they were going to make tens of billions of dollars more than they ever had after ObamaCare. They were bought off to endorse it. But for some of us who could see clearly down the road where it was heading, as I have told some in the pharmaceutical industry: By en-dorsing ObamaCare, if it is not changed, you will have signed the death warrant for your own industry because eventually it will lead to fail-ure to recoup research and develop-ment. Not initially, but by then the people who had endorsed ObamaCare from the pharmaceutical industry will no doubt have gotten their golden parachutes and could own an island somewhere. Who knows? But they will be plenty wealthy. They would have overseen the steps that would lead to the demise of the greatest developments in health care in thousands of years, really just in the last 50 or 60, extraordinary de-velopments. Something has to be done. That is why a majority of Americans did not support ObamaCare in 2009 and 2010. It is why a majority of Americans wanted change. They had to have change. Like the old joke about the guy up in the tree who went up to get the gorilla out. After tangling for so long, he yells at the guy: Just shoot up in the tree. He said: Yeah, but I might hit you. And the guy yells: Yeah, but one of us has got to have some relief. People suffering from health care under ObamaCare have been crying for relief: Just do something. We have got to have relief. I have heard that from so many in east Texas. Look, something has got to be done. We can’t keep going like this. We can’t afford the premiums, and it is not going to get me help with health care because I can’t pay the deductibles. Something has to be done. I was hoping we would have a full re-peal. The bill 2 years ago didn’t fully repeal ObamaCare. It did more than we have done in the bill we have now, but the reason I agreed to sign on was so many people were saying: We don’t like ObamaCare, but we have got to have some relief. We have got to have relief. We finally got concessions that would ensure that people’s premiums would come down in 2 years—too late for the year, but would come down in 2 years, and then would continue to make progress in the area of premiums. We would make great inroads in en-couraging people. Instead of paying tens of thousands of dollars to health insurance companies, they would have a big hunk of that money going to their own health savings account. That was clearly going to lead us—and still can—to a place where patients control their own health care again, where they can go talk to a doctor and not have an insurance manager intervene and say: Uh-oh, you can’t do that. Nope, you can’t go see that person. Nope, we haven’t given approval to this or that. It is a doctor and a patient relation-ship the way progress has been made in the last 100 years that has given us, to a point, the best health care in the his-tory of mankind. Now, in the 1970s, when I was in the Soviet Union as an exchange student for a summer, I saw socialized medi-cine. We are talking real socialized medicine, the same kind of socialized medicine that President Obama and so many others called—they put this love-ly sounding name—single payer. Now, it is socialized medicine. The govern-ment controls it all. You don’t have any choices. It is in the hands of the government. They see all; they know all. Once the government has that power, then they have the right—and an obli-gation even—to tell you what you have to do physically, what you can eat, who you can see, where you can go, when you can go. People who want total government control over people’s lives—not of their own, but everybody else’s—they understood, they had the vision that if we can get government control of health care, then we will be able to control all these minions all across America. There are a lot of people in this body who I disagree with, but I know they want to do what is right for America. But it is not right for America and for Americans to have the United States Government dictating every aspect of our lives. I long for the days when my liberal friends used to yell: We don’t want the government in our bedroom. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.034 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2965 April 28, 2017 
Because since then, they have been saying: Yeah, let’s get the government in our bedroom, in our bathroom, in our kitchen, in our living room, in our garage. We want government control of everything. As I have said before, the only thing it appears that George Orwell got wrong was the date. It wasn’t 1984. But we still have a chance to get off this miserable road we are on. That is why the huge bulk of geographic America rose up on election day in November and said: We have got to have some re-lief. Whether we like Donald Trump or not, we have got to have some relief, we have got to have some change. That is why the huge geographical United States voted for Donald Trump. The fringes of the United States, the coast and a few major cities said: No, we like the government telling us what to do, how to live, what we can have. But across America geographically, that was not what people wanted. This is our chance. I really had hoped that by compromising again, as the Freedom Caucus, that we could have a vote by today on a bill that would start us down the road of getting rid of ObamaCare, getting us back on a road toward freedom. We knew it was going to be tough. If you don’t think it would be tough, look at the Soviet Union after the fall of the wall and the Soviet Government. There were so many Russians who said: What are we going to do? We have to look for a job—find our own job. We don’t want that kind of freedom. Well, they are finding out that per-haps they do. One of the things that we had gotten as a compromise to try to help Ameri-cans in the agreement that has devel-oped to this point was the elimination of the taxes that would have been kept in place under the proposed bill that was first filed by our leadership. Another thing that would be in there is a requirement that if you are going to now be part of Medicaid, as we have had millions now having the govern-ment pick up the insurance through Medicaid, then we are going to put a similar work requirement, as was put on by Congress in the 1990s by the Re-publican House and Senate. And though President Clinton didn’t want to agree to that, once he saw they had the votes to override another veto, he agreed to sign it because rather than have his veto overridden—and now it is one of the things he brags about: Oh, yeah, while I was President, I reformed welfare, so you had to work. As a result of that reform in the 1990s—it was not a callous move. It was a caring move by Republicans in the House and Senate who understood that it is not a punishment to have a job. It gives you a feeling of self-worth. b1245 We are not going to get back to the days where as many people have jobs as used to until we restore that freedom and a requirement that, if you are going to make the American taxpayers pay for everything that you want and need, then, if you are able to work, you are going to have to do something. As a result of that work requirement in the 1990s, income for single mothers, when adjusted for inflation, for the first time since welfare began in the 1960s under the so-called Great Society, for the first time, that income in-creased for single moms when adjusted for inflation. The Federal Government, since the Great Society legislation, had begun to lure young women into holes, into ruts, from which they could not extricate themselves. After 30 years of the Fed-eral Government luring people into holes they then could not get out of, they were required to get out of the hole, they did, and their lives im-proved. Now, I know the mainstream media has been there to defend every bit of government control as it took over more and more. They would take their potshots at people like me that prob-ably were more intelligent on national testing than they were. But, nonethe-less, used all kinds of excoriating terms, make fun. Like the time I men-tioned that I was told by somebody that they were in line to get groceries and the person in front of them had crab legs that were expensive, and this person said: Gosh, I am wishing I could have afforded crab legs. But it turns out, when they pulled out the card, which let them know tax-payers were paying for those crab legs, he realized the reason that he can’t af-ford crab legs is because he is paying for his and this other person’s food. Well, the press went nuts over that. It has been some years back. It wasn’t long after that, after the media here in Washington belittled me, the media in New York belittled me, never brought it out, but we got a picture. They said nobody can get crab legs with money from food stamp programs, CHIP, any of that. You can’t do that. We have got pictures of crabs for sale and the sign saying ‘‘we take food stamps.’’ Anyway, it is very clear that, when you see the signs that say ‘‘we take food stamps’’ for the crabs, that the media that belittled me back in those days, they had their fun, but they were just wrong, and they were lying to cover for more and bigger intrusive government. I want to also thank my friend T
OM M
ACARTHUR . I am not crazy about the amendment that he provided, but T
OM is making a real effort: let’s reason to-gether. Let’s come together on a bill. We compromise, and we get to a point where we can help our respective con-stituents. We can help America. I felt like, with all of the com-promises, we were going to bring down premiums more quickly. We were re-pealing at least some of ObamaCare— not enough, but at least some of it— and we were going to be able to move the ball forward so that we could get back to great advancements in improv-ing people’s health care and getting away from the insurance monopolies that have developed in each State. It has been reported that in around 30 States there is only one company left providing the insurance. Well, this body did a great thing, and I appreciate very much Speaker RYAN agreeing to do it. But he and K
EVIN M
CCARTHY allowed a bill to come to the floor. Our whip, S
TEVE SCALISE , found: Gee, this is a lot easier doing a whip on this thing than we thought. But it would eliminate the exemption for health insurance companies from antitrust laws. Under the state of the law since 1945, under the McCarran- Ferguson bill back then, health insur-ance companies have been allowed to monopolize. They can take actions that, in some other industry, would cause the Department of Justice to come after them and sue them, take very strong actions, and could even re-sult in criminal actions if someone is trying to monopolize. But, in health care, it has been allowed for years. You can go in and tell somebody: We want, in our agreement, that if you take any of these other upstart insur-ance companies’ insurance, you are going to be out of our network; and we are the big dog, so you will be out of luck. Well, you can’t do that when you are under the antitrust laws of the United States, but you can when you are ex-empt. That bill came to the floor. We had over 400 people on both sides of the aisle vote for it. And I know good and well that if Majority Leader M
ITCH M
CCONNELL would bring that to the floor of the Senate, it will have prob-ably every bit as high a percentage. It could even be unanimous. I can’t imag-ine somebody in the Senate voting against it. But, if we simply change the law to allow people to buy across State lines and we don’t eliminate the exemption from antitrust laws, then instead of having 30 monopolies in 30 States, you will have one monopoly for the whole country. The one big company can drive everybody else out because the healthcare providers will know, if they are going to survive, they have got to have this one monopoly paying them. And the monopoly can put in the con-tract: You won’t be in our network if you accept insurance from any other place. So that has to go. The House did that. I look forward to the Senate doing that. Our revised version that I was hoping we would vote on today still does not fully repeal ObamaCare, but by the ne-gotiations that have occurred in the Tuesday Group, Freedom Caucus, Re-publican Study Committee, committee of jurisdiction, we have made a great deal of progress, and I thought we were there. We didn’t have any assurances that the Senate would pass exactly what we did, but we were going to move the ball forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.036 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2966 April 28, 2017 
Now, today was as close as we have gotten to repealing and getting into law a big repeal of a big part of ObamaCare, but it didn’t happen today. It needs to happen, and it needs to hap-pen very soon. But what did happen in the White House, the President has stood undeterred. Again, today, he signed an-other executive order. This one didn’t do as the prior administration and usurped power that was not his, that only Congress has. He is working well within the law and gets good advice on this stuff. I have got to say, even when I have talked to the President over the last few weeks, more than once, he wants to make sure that he is following the Con-stitution, and he is careful to say that. I like that. Let’s check to see and make sure we are following the Con-stitution and we are not missing some-thing here. I love having a President that is concerned about that. For all of the grief that President Trump has taken, he is concerned about it. He does not want to exceed his authority. Unfortunately, we have judges in the Ninth Circuit, particularly, that exceed their authority on a regular basis. Mr. Speaker, that is why I am hoping that, in the very near future, we will break up the Ninth Circuit. It would be okay with me if we restricted the Ninth Cir-cuit, who doesn’t have one care about precedence, about the Constitution. They just have their political agenda. If we are not going to get rid of them altogether, then let’s at least restrict their jurisdiction to controversies that arise within their building and then di-vide up the rest. We need a new circuit. Let President Trump appoint all of the new 12th Cir-cuit that will be created. I am very pleased that our Judiciary Committee is wanting to do something major re-garding the Ninth Circuit being out of control. And I do think an important step will be, when we eliminate the jurisdiction of a district court over immigration and naturalization matters, we have authority to create courts—all but one. The Supreme Court is the only one formed under the Constitution. All the rest of them, we brought them into the world and we can take them out. We give them their jurisdiction and we can take it away. We need to do that if we are going to save this constitutional Republic. So, Mr. Speaker, I would also like to finish by mentioning the National Day of Prayer recognition that is coming up on Thursday. Anne Graham Lotz took over the gavel from Shirley Dob-son. Both are dear friends. Shirley Dob-son has done an extraordinary job over the last 25 years. The National Day of Prayer has con-tinued the tradition for many years now. We do have an observance at the Capitol. For a couple of decades, it has been at the Cannon Caucus Room. It seats more than the rooms here at the Capitol do. We had hoped to have it in the rotunda. It is nondenominational. There are others than Christians. There are Jewish leaders that will par-ticipate and always have. This coming Thursday is that day. Thousands of cities around the country will observe the National Day of Pray-er that President Trump will do, as all the Presidents for many decades have done, and sign recognizing that as the Day of Prayer. Congress has passed it recognizing that. Though Senator S
CHUMER wouldn’t let us have it in the rotunda, it will be in Statuary Hall, and it will be a day of prayer, thanks-giving, and fasting for some. Our National Day of Prayer is really a day of celebration. I think it is some-thing that has characterized this Na-tion from our very beginning. We had an order like none other from any com-mander I am ever familiar with. In my 4 years in the Army, we never had a commander issue an order like this. And certainly if one had been issued under the Obama administration’s gen-erals and admirals, the administration would have, no doubt, fired them im-mediately. Washington issued an order for all its commanders that they had to allow our military members fighting for the United States to worship on Sunday. They were to set up chaplains in each unit if there was someone who could fulfill that role, and, if not, they would be allowed to go to another unit’s wor-ship of the Lord on Sunday. Now, that was back in our founding. That is when we were fighting for ex-istence. And for all those who have turned a blind eye to the real history of America—which is really hard to do with all of the evidence that is so over-whelming. But if one would just go down to the State Department down the road here, within the glass case there at the State Department, they have a copy of the original Treaty of Paris, 1783. It surprised me. As much as I have studied history, I did not know how it started until I saw that. And I was ac-tually with our pastor from Green Acres Baptist Church there in Tyler. He and his wife, Cindy, were with me and my wife, Kathy. I have actually not been on a tour of the State Department since. A lot of it is pretty boring, but this is intriguing. This is the front of the Treaty of Paris, 1783. This was the document that re-quired England, Great Britain, to rec-ognize, in writing, that the United States of America was an independent country, that we did not have to do what we were dictated to by Great Britain, and that we were free and independent. There was still concern there in 1783. b1300 Yes, they surrendered at Yorktown under General Cornwallis’ command, but it is still 1783, the delegates are there at Paris, and the United States delegates are trying to figure out: How do we get these people to swear that they recognize we have a right to be independent? What can we get them to swear under that is so important to us and so important to those delegates from England that they would not dare break that oath? Should we have them swear in the name of Allah, or Muhammad, or Con-fucius, or Buddha? What could we get the representative delegates from Great Britain, the United Kingdom, the most powerful empire in the world at that time, the most powerful military, navy to swear to? They are a lot bigger than us. What do we get them to swear under so that we know they have to take it seriously? Well, they came up with it, and it starts the treaty, and it is the only thing in the Treaty of Paris that is huge lettering. And even I was sur-prised. In huge lettering, it says: ‘‘In the name of the most holy and undi-vided trinity. . . .’’ That is how the Treaty of Paris starts. That is what the United Kingdom Representatives had to swear under: ‘‘In the name of the most holy and undivided trinity.’’ It is also worth noting, as Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the planner of 9/ 11—thank God he is still in Guanta-namo Bay—he noted in his pleading, he gave the reference to the verse in the Koran that says that anyone who at-tempts to attach someone else to God, to Allah, should be killed. It is a cap-ital offense. It is a death-penalty of-fense the way Khalid Sheikh Moham-med, ISIS, and others read the Koran, the way the radicals read it. It is a death-penalty offense, as he points out in his pleadings, if you say God has a son. If you say there is a Holy Trinity, that is worth the death penalty for the radical Islamists—not for the mod-erates, but some estimate 10 percent of Islam. It is a capital offense, and both the United Kingdom Representatives and the United States of America Rep-resentatives signed proudly the Treaty of Paris, recognizing our independence, proclaiming what Khalid Sheikh Mo-hammed says is a death-penalty sen-tence. ‘‘In the name of the most holy and undivided trinity.’’ They said right there. It started our country, independ-ently. We recognize there is a most holy and undivided trinity. We say the Dec-laration of Independence started us, but that didn’t really happen until somebody else agrees it is true. And our enemy, at that time, agreed it was true, and we began our Nation. And this National Day of Prayer is a day of rejoicing, a day of thanksgiving to the most holy and undivided trinity. And it would have been awesome if it could have been in the rotunda, but, under the rules of the Senate, if any Senator puts a hold on the bill, then it doesn’t go forward for unanimous consent. Hopefully, Senator S
CHUMER is still there next year when it comes time. Hopefully, he won’t put a hold on it if Anne Graham Lotz still has a vision of having the National Day of Prayer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:29 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.037 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2967 April 28, 2017 
celebration there in the Nation’s ro-tunda. But instead, next Thursday, it will be after 5 so it doesn’t interfere with the normal workings. I had no problem with having the Holocaust recognition at 11 a.m. in the morning. Not only did I not have a problem with it, I was proud that we did it during the day like that. It should be noted. People should understand that unless you stand up for freedom, stand up for the teachings of Jesus, stand up for things that are actually in the Bible, you are not going to have the kind of freedom that allows people to be part of the greatest country in the world because that greatest country in world history will end up sliding down to the dustbin of history. So it will be a great day. Mr. Speak-er, I hope to see you there. I yield back the remainder of my time. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has agreed to without amendment concurrent resolutions of the House of the following titles: 
H. Con. Res. 35. Concurrent Resolution au-thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Serv-ice and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition. H. Con. Res. 36. Concurrent Resolution au-thorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the Greater Washington Soap Box Derby. 
The message also announced that the Senate has agreed to a concurrent reso-lution of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is re-quested: 
S. Con. Res. 14. Concurrent Resolution au-thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to celebrate the birthday of King Kamehameha I. 
The message also announced that pursuant to Public Law 94–304, as amended by Public Law 99–7, the Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, ap-points the following Senator as a mem-ber of the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (Helsinki) dur-ing the One Hundred Fifteenth Con-gress: The Senator from Colorado (Mr. GARDNER ). 
f 
FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A further message from the Senate by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, an-nounced that the Senate has agreed to without amendment a joint resolution of the House of the following title: 
H.J. Res. 99. Joint Resolution making fur-ther continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes. f 
THE NEXT 100 DAYS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. L
AWSON ) for 30 minutes. Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, we have heard a lot of big ideas and promises from the President, but we haven’t seen much intangible action from the Republicans over the last 100 days. We know we need to continue to improve health care in this country, yet Republicans have failed to come up with a reasonable solution. As someone who has spent over 36 years working in the insurance indus-try, I stand willing and ready to work with my colleagues to improve health care for my constituents and the Amer-ican people, especially in the Fifth Congressional District. What we really need is for my col-leagues to focus on energy and creating jobs. That is so important here in America. What we don’t need is to continue with more of the antics from the Presi-dent who is more focused on selling scores from the campaign trail than finding real solutions for the American people. It really is a sad day in America when Congress can’t come together to make real progress for the American people. Real progress. We need to put aside the bickering and roll up our sleeves in order to get the work done for the people in America. That is something we should all be able to do within the next 100 days. There has been so much concern about what is happening with the present ad-ministration over the next 100 days. So since that is prevalent and the Amer-ican people have heard about it, now the concentration is on what Congress and the President are going to do for the next 100 days for the American peo-ple. I urge my colleagues to join me in doing what is right—right for their constituents, right for the American people. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the remain-der of my time. f 
SENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION REFERRED A concurrent resolution of the Sen-ate of the following title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. Con. Res. 14. Concurrent Resolution au-thorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for an event to celebrate the birthday of King Kamehameha I.; to the committee on House Administra-tion. f 
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a Joint Resolution of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.J. Res. 99. Joint Resolution making fur-ther continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. LAWSON of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I move that the House do now ad-journ. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 9 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House ad-journed until Monday, May 1, 2017, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
f 
OATH FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the fol-lowing Member executed the oath for access to classified information: 
Ron Estes h 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first quarter of 2017, pursuant to Public Law 95–384 are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DANIEL SILVERBERG, EXPENDED BETWEEN FEB. 20 AND FEB. 24, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Daniel Silverberg ..................................................... 2 /21 2 /23 Bulgaria ..................................... ........... .................... 542 .................... 7,348 .................... .................... .................... 7,890. 00 2 /23 2 /24 UK ......................................................... .................... 421 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 421.00 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 963 .................... 7,348 .................... .................... ............... ..... 8,311.00 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. Mr. DANIEL SILVERBERG, Apr. 17, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\K28AP7.039 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2968 April 28, 2017 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN J AN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. K. MICHAEL CONAWAY, Chairman, Apr. 20, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE WORKFORCE, U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EX PENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. VIRGINIA FOXX, Chairman, Apr. 5, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION, U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. GREGG HARPER, Chairman, Apr. 6, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES, U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BET WEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. ROB BISHOP, Chairman, Apr. 4, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE, SPACE, AND TECHNOLOGY, U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,  EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
Hon. Randy Hultgren ............................................... 2 /18 2 /19 Czech Republic ................................... .. .................... 357.73 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................. .. 357.73 2 /19 2 /20 Israel ..................................................... .................... 568.00 .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... .................... 568.00 2 /20 2 /21 United Arab Emirates ........................... .................... 415.81 .................... .................... . ................... .................... .................... 415.81 2 /21 2 /23 Ethiopia ................................................ .................... 707.49 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 707.49 2 /23 2 /24 Uganda ................................................. .................... 340.00 .................... ............. ....... .................... .................... .................... 340.00 2 /24 2 /25 Benin .................................................... .................... 189.87 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 189.87 2 /25 2 /26 Ghana ................................................... .................... 411.00 .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... 411.00 2 /26 2 /27 Spain .................................................... .................... 287.85 .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... .................... 287.85 
Committee total ......................................... ............. ................. ......................................... ...................... .................... 3,277.75 .................... .................... .................... ................ .... .................... 3,277.75 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, Apr. 21, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION, EXPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND MAR. 31, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
1Per diem constitutes lodging and meals. 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Chairman, Apr. 6, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.009 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2969 April 28, 2017 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1188. A letter from the Acting Deputy Sec-retary, Department of Agriculture, transmit-ting the Department’s 2016 Packers and Stockyards Program Annual Report, pursu-ant to 7 U.S.C. 228d; Aug. 15, 1921, ch. 64, title IV, Sec. 415 (as added by Public Law 106-472, Sec. 312(e)(2)); (114 Stat. 2077); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 1189. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Michael E. Williamson, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieuten-ant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 1190. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Robert S. Ferrell, United States Army, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 1191. A letter from the Acting Secretary, Navy, Department of Defense, transmitting a report of increases in the Program Acquisi-tion Unit Cost and Average Procurement Cost for the Advanced Arresting Gear pro-gram that exceed the designated FY 2009 original baseline estimate by at least 50 per-cent, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2433(d)(3); Public Law 97-252, Sec. 1107(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 110-417, Sec. 811(c)); (122 Stat. 4522); to the Committee on Armed Services. 1192. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Office of Justice Programs, Depart-ment of Justice, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Juvenile Justice and De-linquency Prevention Act Formula Grant Program [Docket No.: OJP (OJJDP) 1719E] (RIN: 1121-AA83) received April 27, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 1193. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Ben-efit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Benefits Payable in Terminated Single-Employer Plans; Inter-est Assumptions for Paying Benefits received April 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 1194. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Tioxazafen; Pesticide Toler-ances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0215; FRL-9955-97] April 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1195. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Arizona Air Plan Revisions, Arizona Department of Envi-ronmental Quality and Pinal County Air Quality Control District [EPA-R09-OAR-2016- 0702; FRL-9961-36-Region 9] received April 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1196. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Benzobicyclon; Pesticide Tolerances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2015-0226; FRL- 9961-02] received April 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1197. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of State Air Quality Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollutants; State of Delaware, District of Columbia, and Com-monwealth of Pennsylvania, City of Phila-delphia; Control of Emissions from Existing Commercial and Industrial Solid Waste In-cinerator Units [EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0081; FRL-9961-23-Region 3] received April 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 1198. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Plans; State of Maryland; Control of Emissions from Existing Hospital/ Medical/Infectious Waste Incineration Units [EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0053; FRL-9961-37-Region 3] received April 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1199. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Dis-trict of Columbia; Revision of Regulations for Sulfur Content of Fuel Oil [EPA-R03- OAR-2016-0199; FRL-9961-31-Region 3] re-ceived April 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1200. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; TN: Non-interference Demonstration for Federal Low-Reid Vapor Pressure Requirement in Middle Tennessee [EPA-R04-OAR-2016-0615; 9961-48-Region 4] received April 24, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1201. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; Rhode Island; Repeal of NOx Budget Trading Program [EPA-R01-OAR-2016-0092; FRL-9961- 57-Region 1] received April 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1202. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; ME; Emission Statement Reporting [EPA- R01-OAR-2017-0024; A-1-FRL-9961-42-Region 1] received April 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1203. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Air Plan Approval; CT; Approval of Single Source Orders [EPA- R01-OAR-2016-0648; A-1-FRL-9958-37-Region 1] received April 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1204. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting a certifi-cation of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including technical data, and defense services, Transmittal No. DDTC 16-080, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(A); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 104-164, Sec. 141(c)); (110 Stat. 1431) and 22 U.S.C. 2776(c)(2)(C); Public Law 90-629, Sec. 36(c) (as added by Public Law 94- 329, Sec. 211(a)); (82 Stat. 1326); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 1205. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revision to an Entry on the En-tity List [Docket No.: 170207154-7253-01] (RIN: 0694-AH32) April 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 1206. A letter from the Director, Defense Security Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting the Air Force’s pro-posed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to Can-ada, Transmittal No. 17-18, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. 1207. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-53, ‘‘Interior Design Regulation Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursu-ant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1208. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-51, ‘‘Land Disposition Trans-parency Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1209. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-50, ‘‘Williams Alley Designation Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1210. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-52, ‘‘Business License Tech-nology Fee Reauthorization Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 1211. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Economic Impact and Diversity, De-partment of Energy, transmitting the De-partment’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109- 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 1212. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel for Operations, Department of Hous-ing and Urban Development, transmitting three notifications of a federal vacancy and designation of acting officer, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 1213. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regula-tion, Department of the Treasury, transmit-ting two notifications of a federal vacancy and nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 1214. A letter from the Director, National Science Foundation, transmitting the Foun-dation’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.009 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2970 April 28, 2017 
1215. A letter from the Vice Chairman, U.S. Merit Systems Protection Board, transmit-ting the Board’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act re-port, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 1216. A letter from the Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Af-fairs, Department of Justice, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress on the Activities of the Department of Justice Re-garding Prison Rape Abatement’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 15604(b); Public Law 108-79, Sec. 5(b)(1); (117 Stat. 978); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 1217. A letter from the Federal Register Li-aison Officer and Agency Editor, Office of Natural Resources Revenue, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Civil Monetary Penalty Rates Inflation Adjustments for Calendar Year 2017 and Initial ‘‘Catch-Up’’ Adjustments [Docket No.: ONRR-2016-0002; DS63644000 DR2PS0000.CH7000 178D0102R2] (RIN: 1012- AA17) received April 27, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 1218. A letter from the General Counsel, National Credit Union Administration, transmitting the Administration’s interim final rule — Civil Monetary Penalty Infla-tion Adjustment (RIN: 3133-AE67) received April 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judici-ary. 1219. A letter from the Acting Chief Pri-vacy Officer, Privacy Office, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s Privacy Office 2016 Data Mining Report to Congress, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 2000ee-3(c)(1); Public Law 110-53, Sec. 804(c)(1); (121 Stat. 363); to the Committee on Homeland Security. 1220. A letter from the Acting Adminis-trator, Transportation Security Administra-tion, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Administration’s certifi-cation that the level of screening services and protection provided at Greater Roch-ester International Airport (ROC) in New York, will be equal to or greater than the level that would be provided at the airport by TSA Transportation Security Officers and that the screening company is owned and controlled by a citizen of the United States, pursuant to 49 U.S.C. 44920(d)(1); Public Law 107-71, Sec. 108(a); (115 Stat. 613); to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. ROYCE of California: Committee on Foreign Affairs. H.R. 1644. A bill to enhance sanctions with respect to transactions relat-ing to North Korea, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–98, Pt. 1). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 1665. A bill to ensure that Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency considers severe local impact in making a rec-ommendation to the President for a major disaster declaration, with an amendment (Rept. 115–99). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. H.R. 1678. A bill to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act concerning the statute of limitations for actions to re-cover disaster or emergency assistance pay-ments, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–100). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Ms. FOXX: Committee on Education and the Workforce. H.R. 1180. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide compensatory time for employees in the pri-vate sector, with an amendment (Rept. 115– 101). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Ways and Means, Fi-nancial Services, Transportation and Infrastructure, Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, and the Judiciary dis-charged from further consideration. H.R. 1644 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. D EFAZIO (for himself, Mr. W AL-
DEN, Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Ms. B
ONAMICI ): H.R. 2223. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to provide for a rail spill pre-paredness fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska (for him-self, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. L
ONG, Mr. B ARR, and Mr. B YRNE ): H.R. 2224. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to apply budget neu-trality on a State-specific basis in the cal-culation of the Medicare hospital wage index floor for non-rural areas; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. STIVERS (for himself and Mr. W
ALZ): H.R. 2225. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram on dog training therapy; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BARR (for himself, Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. E
MMER , Mr. H ILL, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. R OYCE of Cali-fornia, Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. T IPTON , Mrs. W AG-
NER, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. D
AVIDSON , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. B
LUM): H.R. 2226. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to provide a safe harbor from certain requirements related to qualified mortgages for residential mortgage loans held on an originating depository institu-tion’s portfolio, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. HURD (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. T ED L
IEUof California, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K
ILMER , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. T
AYLOR , and Ms. G RANGER ): H.R. 2227. A bill to modernize Government information technology, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for her-self, Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. P
ASCRELL , and Mr. R
EICHERT ): H.R. 2228. A bill to provide support for law enforcement agency efforts to protect the mental health and well-being of law enforce-ment officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CUMMINGS (for himself and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ): H.R. 2229. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide permanent authority for judicial review of certain Merit Systems Protection Board decisions relating to whis-tleblowers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. F
OSTER , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. F ASO, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. R
USH, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. C OOK, Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. F RANKS of Ari-zona, Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. C OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn-sylvania, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. H ILL, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. R
EICHERT , Mr. R OYCE of California, and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 2230. A bill to direct the Joint Com-mittee on the Library to obtain a statue or bust of Elie Wiesel for placement in the United States Capitol; to the Committee on House Administration. By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. P ETERS , and Mrs. M UR-
PHYof Florida): H.R. 2231. A bill to establish a joint com-mission on North Korea, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Ms. G
RANGER , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. M
EADOWS , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , and Mr. D ESANTIS ): H.R. 2232. A bill to ensure accountability at the United Nations and its specialized agencies and to promote reform and limit anti-Semitism and anti-Israel bias at the United Nations; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28AP7.000 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2971 April 28, 2017 
By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama (for him-self, Mr. J
ONES , and Mr. F RANCIS  R
OONEY of Florida): H.R. 2233. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to improve the H-1B visa program, to repeal the diversity visa lottery program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. L EE, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. H ER-
RERA BEUTLER , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): H.R. 2234. A bill to direct the Secretary of Education to establish the Recognizing In-spiring School Employees (RISE) Award Pro-gram recognizing excellence exhibited by public school system employees providing services to students in prekindergarten through higher education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 2235. A bill to improve air travel for passengers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois (for himself, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , and Mr. R USH): H.R. 2236. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 to provide certain alter-native eligibility requirements applicable to foster care youth, and homeless youth, who are enrolled at least half-time in an institu-tion of higher education; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (for himself and Mr. K
IND): H.R. 2237. A bill to provide for phased-in payment of Social Security Disability Insur-ance payments during the waiting period for individuals with a terminal illness; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. DEMINGS: H.R. 2238. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to enhance the Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit and make the credit fully refundable; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. FUDGE (for herself, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Ms. K
APTUR , and Mrs. B
EATTY ): H.R. 2239. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide for a State Medicaid option to provide coverage of com-munity-based inpatient substance use dis-order treatment for nonelderly adults, to re-move such services from the Medicaid exclu-sion from medical assistance of items and services for patients in an institution for mental diseases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GOTTHEIMER (for himself and Mr. M
AST): H.R. 2240. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Defense to carry out a test of the Arrow 3 missile defense system with the Government of Israel, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. HOLDING (for himself and Mr. M
EEHAN ): H.R. 2241. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to treat qualified alter-native commuter programs as an excludable qualified transportation fringe benefit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. HUFFMAN (for himself, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N OR-
TON, Ms. L EE, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Mr. R ASKIN ): H.R. 2242. A bill to prohibit drilling in the outer Continental Shelf, to prohibit coal leases on Federal land, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, and Mr. W
ALZ): H.R. 2243. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for the eligibility of certain former members of the Armed Forces who are medically retired and who are enti-tled to hospital insurance benefits under Medicare part A by reason of previous enti-tlement to social security disability insur-ance benefits to enroll in the TRICARE pro-gram regardless of whether such members decline enrollment under Medicare part B, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Energy and Commerce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. LANCE (for himself and Ms. D
EGETTE ): H.R. 2244. A bill to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to carry out a pilot project under which no more than 3 sponsors agree to evaluate the psychological and social distress experienced by patients participating in a clinical trial, conducted by the respective sponsor, of a drug or bio-logical product that is intended to treat a se-rious or life-threatening disease or condi-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ): H.R. 2245. A bill to direct the Secretary of Education to conduct a study to determine the relationship between school start times and adolescent health, well-being, and per-formance; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 2246. A bill to repeal the mandatory flood insurance coverage requirement for commercial properties located in flood haz-ard areas and to provide for greater transfer of risk under the National Flood Insurance Program to private capital and reinsurance markets, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 2247. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to provide for equal treat-ment of individuals in same-sex marriages, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 2248. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of the Interior from revising the approved oil and gas leasing program for fiscal years 2017 through 2022; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P
ITTENGER , and Mr. C OFFMAN ): H.R. 2249. A bill to authorize a State or a portion of a State to conduct a demonstra-tion project designed to test methods of pro-gram integration and coordination of serv-ices with the goals of moving individuals and families towards self-sufficiency, reducing welfare dependence, and increasing work and earnings; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, Financial Services, Education and the Workforce, and Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. REED (for himself, Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. B ISHOP of Michi-gan, and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois): H.R. 2250. A bill to establish consistent re-quirements for the electronic content and format of data used in the administration of certain human services programs under the Social Security Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD (for herself, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. S OTO, Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, Ms. M ENG, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Ms. J UDY CHU of California, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. V ELA, Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L AR-
SON of Connecticut, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. H
IMES): H.R. 2251. A bill to amend the Department of Veterans Affairs Health Care Programs Enhancement Act of 2001 and title 38, United States Code, to require the provision of chiropractic care and services to veterans at all Department of Veterans Affairs medical centers and to expand access to such care and services; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. SANFORD (for himself and Mr. L
OBIONDO ): H.R. 2252. A bill to amend the Outer Conti-nental Shelf Lands Act to place a ten-year moratorium on oil and gas preleasing, leas-ing, and related activities on the Outer Con-tinental Shelf in the North Atlantic, Mid-At-lantic, South Atlantic, and Straits of Florida planning areas and in the Eastern Gulf of Mexico; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. SERRANO: H.R. 2253. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a business credit relating to the use of clean-fuel and fuel effi-cient vehicles by businesses within areas des-ignated as nonattainment areas under the Clean Air Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Ms. B ASS, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. B ERA, Mr. D
ENHAM , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. N UNES , Mr. A
GUILAR , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-fornia, Mr. C
OOK, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. C
OSTA , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. I SSA, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K
NIGHT , Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. M CNER-
NEY, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. P ANETTA , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28AP7.100 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2972 April 28, 2017 
Mr. P ETERS , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. V
ARGAS , and Mrs. M IMIWALTERS  of California): H.R. 2254. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. By Mr. TROTT: H.R. 2255. A bill to clarify that nonprofit organizations may accept donated mortgage appraisals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. UPTON (for himself, Mrs. D
IN-
GELL , Mr. H ULTGREN , and Ms. B
ONAMICI ): H.R. 2256. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of Christa McAuliffe; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 2257. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to consolidate certain eligi-bility tiers under the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Program of Department of Vet-erans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, Mr. K
HANNA , and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN): H. Res. 293. A resolution recognizing the 42nd anniversary of the Fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. TITUS (for herself, Ms. L
EE, Mr. T
AKANO , and Mr. H UFFMAN ): H. Res. 294. A resolution recognizing and honoring the essential role of classified school education support employees through the Recognizing Inspirational School Em-ployees Award; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself, Mr. T
IPTON , Ms. A DAMS , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. C
OSTA , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. H
ULTGREN , Mr. K ELLY of Penn-sylvania, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. T
EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. S E-
WELL of Alabama, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. T
ITUS, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. V EASEY , and Ms. M
ATSUI ): H. Res. 295. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the week of April 30, 2017, through May 6, 2017, as ‘‘National Small Business Week‘‘to honor the vital role of small business and the passion of entre-preneurs in the United States; to the Com-mittee on Small Business. By Mr. COOK (for himself and Mr. L
OWENTHAL ): H. Res. 296. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Socialist Republic of Vietnam should provide former members of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Vietnam, who served alongside the United States Armed Forces in defense of their nation during the Vietnam War, with appropriate levels of sup-port and services; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. HOLDING (for himself, Mr. CONNOLLY , and Mr. M EEHAN ): H. Res. 297. A resolution expressing support for designation of April 2017 as ‘‘National Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernia Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. PEARCE (for himself, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, and Mr. C
RAWFORD ): H. Res. 298. A resolution recognizing the security challenges of convening government officials in one specific place and directing the House of Representatives to take appro-priate steps so that the House of Representa-tives can meet in a virtual setting; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Rules, and House Ad-ministration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. D EFAZIO: H.R. 2223. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska: H.R. 2224. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. By Mr. STIVERS: H.R. 2225. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 13 The Congress shall have Power to provide and maintain a Navy. Article I, Section 8, Clause 12 To raise and support Armies, but no Appro-priation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years. Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces. By Mr. BARR: H.R. 2226. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: (According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.) By Mr. HURD: H.R. 2227. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section IX, clause VII, of the United States By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: H.R. 2228. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and to all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. CUMMINGS: H.R. 2229. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States grants the Congress the power to enact this law. By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 2230. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. DELBENE: H.R. 2231. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN: H.R. 2232. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: H.R. 2233. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 2234. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 2235. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 2236. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subse-quent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 2237. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress as stated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. DEMINGS: H.R. 2238. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. FUDGE: H.R. 2239. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Atiicle I, Section 8, clause 1 By Mr. GOTTHEIMER: H.R. 2240. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to ‘‘pro-vide for the common Defence’’, ‘‘to raise and support Armies’’, and ‘‘to make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’ as enumerated in Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. HOLDING: H.R. 2241. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 2242. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L28AP7.100 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2973 April 28, 2017 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2: The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitu-tion shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. [Page H775] By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 2243. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. LANCE: H.R. 2244. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, of the United States Constitution, which states that the Congress shall have power to regulate Com-merce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which states that the Congress shall have the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the fore-going powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 2245. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clauses 1 and 3. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 2246. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the explicit power of Congress to regulate commerce in and among the states, as enumerate in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause, of the United States Constitution. Additionally, Article 1, Section 7, Clause 2 of the Constitution allows for every bill passed by the House of Representatives and the Senate and signed by the President to be codified into law; and therefore implicitly al-lows Congress to repeal any bill that has been passed by both chambers and signed into law by the President. By Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico: H.R. 2247. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 2248. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. REED: H.R. 2249. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defense and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. REED: H.R. 2250. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defense and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD: H.R. 2251. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. SANFORD: H.R. 2252. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sec. 8 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. SERRANO: H.R. 2253. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution, which states that ‘‘The Congress shll have power to lay and collect taxes, du-ties, imposts and excises . . .’’ Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution, which states that Congress shall have the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the goverment of the United States or in any department or officer thereof.’’ By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 2254. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section I of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. TROTT: H.R. 2255. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. UPTON: H.R. 2256. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. ‘‘The Congress shall have the power . . . to coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and measures;’’ By Mr. WENSTRUP: H.R. 2257. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Mr. Z ELDIN and Mr. S CHNEIDER . H.R. 37: Mrs. N
OEMand Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 60: Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. R OGERS of Ken- tucky, Mrs. W
AGNER , and Mr. P EARCE . H.R. 113: Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 140: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 170: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 184: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 242: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 245: Mr. F
LORES . H.R. 246: Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsyl- vania, and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 299: Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 305: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California. H.R. 380: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 394: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.R. 426: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, and Mr. R EICHERT . H.R. 490: Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 606: Mr. N
UNES . H.R. 631: Mr. I
SSA. H.R. 664: Mrs. D
INGELL and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 676: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. S
OTO, Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . H.R. 721: Mr. N
EALand Ms. M OORE . H.R. 747: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. C
ORREA , and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 750: Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. D ELAURO , and Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 785: Mr. C
ARTER of Texas, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , and Mr. W EBER of Texas. H.R. 786: Mr. HUFFMAN and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 795: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. V ALADAO , Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. S MUCKER , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 820: Mr. H
IMES and Mr. V ALADAO . H.R. 823: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. V ELA, and Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas. H.R. 825: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 849: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 873: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. F LORES , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. R OTHFUS , Ms. C
HENEY , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, Mr. S
HERMAN , Mr. B UDD, Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas, Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. K INGof New York, Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. K
IND, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 909: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 931: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 948: Mr. C
ONYERS . H.R. 959: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 997: Mr. S
CALISE . H.R. 1002: Mr. L
IPINSKI . H.R. 1017: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H.R. 1022: Mr. W
ELCH and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 1032: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 1036: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 1057: Mr. D
UFFY , Mr. R OSKAM , and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 1103: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 1142: Mr. C
OOPER . H.R. 1146: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 1173: Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 1180: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 1205: Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. P OEof Texas, and Mr. C OSTELLO  of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1231: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1243: Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. B RADY of Penn- sylvania, and Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 1244: Mr. C
HABOT and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 1253: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1267: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 1276: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1299: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 1314: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 1316: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 1329: Mrs. B
EATTY and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 1334: Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 1344: Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. L AMBORN , and Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1384: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts and Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 1406: Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. L OBIONDO , Ms. R
OSEN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , and Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 1421: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 1452: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 1466: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1473: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 1475: Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1478: Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 1494: Mr. L
EVIN, Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mr. B LUM, Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. L OBI-
ONDO , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. V
ALADAO , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. W ITTMAN , and Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 1542: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , and Mr. W ALZ. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:08 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.037 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2974 April 28, 2017 
H.R. 1565: Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. R
OSS, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 1606: Mr. B
ABIN, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. B
RIDENSTINE , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsyl- vania, and Mr. S
IMPSON . H.R. 1612: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 1616: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 1626: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 1644: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 1676: Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 1690: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1697: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B
YRNE , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. S OTO, Mr. B ABIN, and Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 1699: Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. H OLLINGS -
WORTH , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 1709: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 1721: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 1757: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1760: Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 1780: Mr. M
CNERNEY and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1795: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1825: Mr. T
IPTON and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 1827: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1832: Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. K HANNA , and Mr. P ANETTA . H.R. 1838: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 1844: Ms. P
INGREE , H.R. 1847: Mr. B
UDD, Mr. K IND, Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER , Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. B UCK. H.R. 1861: Mr. F
ASOand Mr. S CHWEIKERT . H.R. 1886: Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 1897: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 1899: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 1921: Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 1924: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1928: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 1931: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. R YANof Ohio, and Mr. L
EVIN. H.R. 1988: Mr. R
OHRABACHER , Mr. I SSA, Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. C
OSTA , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C OOK, Mrs. M IMI W
ALTERS of California, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. N
UNES , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C
ORREA , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, and Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H.R. 1990: Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 1993: Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, and Ms. T ENNEY . H.R. 2009: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 2013: Mr. H
ARRIS and Ms. H ERRERA  B
EUTLER . H.R. 2015: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. V
ELA, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. E
NGEL , and Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 2044: Mr. P
ETERSON and Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER . H.R. 2045: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 2050: Mr. H
ASTINGS and Mrs. M URPHY  of Florida. H.R. 2070: Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. S WALWELL of California, and Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 2084: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. S
IRES, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. V ARGAS , and Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2105: Mr. D
UNN. H.R. 2119: Ms. M
ENG, Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mr. H ECK, Mr. O’R OURKE , and Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 2123: Mr. C
OOPER and Mr. R USH. H.R. 2133: Mr. S
ESSIONS and Mr. E MMER . H.R. 2168: Mr. K
NIGHT . H.R. 2174: Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 2175: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 2176: Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 2180: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 2188: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2192: Mr. M
ESSER , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. H
ILL, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana, Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. D
UFFY , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. G RIFFITH , and Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 2193: Mr. M
ULLIN , H.R. 2214: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.J. Res. 33: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.J. Res. 51: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.J. Res. 53: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H.J. Res. 89: Mr. K
NIGHT . H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. L
OUDERMILK and Mr. D
ONOVAN . H. Con. Res. 43: Mr. J
ONES and Mr. K ELLY  of Mississippi. H. Con. Res. 47: Mr. C
LAY, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H. Res. 28: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H. Res. 30: Mr. VEASEY , Ms. M CSALLY , and Mr. M
ITCHELL . H. Res. 31: Mr. H
ECK. H. Res, 129: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER . H. Res. 164: Mr. J
EFFRIES . H. Res. 188: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H. Res. 206: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H. Res. 213: Mrs. B
EATTY . H. Res. 218: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H. Res. 259: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART and Mr. D
ONOVAN . H. Res. 270: Mr. P
OCAN . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. HARPER  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on House Administration in H.R. 2192 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
42. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the City of Jonesboro, AR, relative to Reso-lution R-EN-016-2017, urging all United States Senators to reintroduce the Market-place Fairness Act into the United States Senate during its 2017 session; which was re-ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS 
The following Members added their names to the following discharge peti-tion: 
Petition 1 by Ms. ESHOO on H.R. 305: Mr. Bera, Mr. Clay, Mr. O’Halleran, Mr. Larson of Connecticut, Mr. Schrader, Mr. Gottheimer, Mr. Thompson of Mississippi, Mr. Loebsack, Mr. Grijalva, Mr. Cuellar. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:20 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP7.031 H28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2633 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, APRIL 28, 2017 No. 73 
Senate 
The Senate met at 11 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable S
HEL-
LEYMOORE CAPITO , a Senator from the State of West Virginia. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, thank You for Your great mercies for us, for while we are yet seeking You, You find us. Before we call, You answer, and while we are speaking, You fulfill Your purposes. Guide our lawmakers on their legis-lative pilgrimage. Lord, provide them with a spirit of wisdom so that they will be able to discern what is best. May they strive to honor You in their thoughts, words, and actions. Help them to faithfully seek truth and jus-tice for all rather than privilege for a few. O God, give us all the courage to go forth to live as we have prayed. We pray in Your strong Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, April 28, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable SHELLEY MOORE CAP-
ITO, a Senator from the State of West Vir-ginia, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mrs. CAPITO thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
CONTINUING RESOLUTION AND COAL MINER HEALTHCARE BEN-EFITS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, with cooperation from our friends across the aisle, the Senate will pass a short-term continuing resolution be-fore this evening so Members of both parties can continue to work on a longer term solution. The legislation should pass today, and it will carry us through next week so that a bipartisan final agreement can be reached and so the Members will have time to review the legislation be-fore we take it up. Importantly, this 1-week extension will ensure that thousands of retired coal miners and their families, includ-ing many in my home State of Ken-tucky and in the home State of the Acting President pro tempore, West Virginia, will not lose their healthcare benefits. Protecting these miners and their families from losing their healthcare has been a top priority of mine as well as the occupant of the Chair. Last year, I fought for a long-term exten-sion of healthcare benefits, and earlier this year, I introduced my own bill to provide a permanent fix for miners’ healthcare. I will continue to fight on their behalf to secure a permanent so-lution on this issue in the larger fund-ing bill. Madam President, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The Senator from Vermont. Mr. LEAHY. I thank the distin-guished Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
CONTINUING RESOLUTION Mr. LEAHY. Madam President, as we know, the Senate is considering a stop-gap—continuing resolution—to keep the government of the American people open for business. The stopgap, of course, helps us forget the fact that in November we had all the appropria-tions bills ready to go, but the leader-ship asked us to hold it off. Now, I am going to support this 1- week continuing resolution, because I believe we are close to a bipartisan agreement that would avoid the dev-astating consequences of a government shutdown and save the Congress from once again facing the disruption and humiliation of failing to meet Congress’s obligation to fund the basic functions of our government. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Apr 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.000 S28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2634 April 28, 2017 
But we shouldn’t be in this situation. We shouldn’t have allowed partisan politics to once again turn a looming deadline into a political standoff and what is really a manufactured crisis. As I have said, our work could have been and should have been completed in November. We were prepared to do that. We were 90 percent to the finish line—98 percent, actually, to the finish line. Republicans and Democrats had worked together. But at the request of then-President-Elect Trump, all work ground to a halt. For 5 months we have faced one partisan obstacle after an-other from the Trump administration, including a demand to fund a mis-guided wall on the southern border at the expense of billions of dollars that would have to be paid for—not by Mex-ico or anybody else. It would be paid for by the American taxpayers. The ad-ministration then threatened to hold hostage the basic health insurance of millions of Americans, crippling the Affordable Care Act. This is more than insulting. It is malicious, and it is wrong. Now the other side of the aisle is holding the budget of the American people hostage, insisting we include dozens of poison pill riders as the price for funding the people’s government and to advance their partisan agenda on abortion, Dodd-Frank, Wall Street reforms, and the environment. The Republicans control both Houses of Congress and the White House. If they want to pass legislation on these divisive issues, then bring the bills to the floor and vote on them, instead of trying to hide them in an appropria-tions bill. If they really believe in all these poison pill amendments, then vote on them. Bring up legislation. They control the House and the Sen-ate. They can bring it up anytime they want. Partisan politics should not be tied to must-pass spending bills, because it is never the right time to play politics with the lives of the American people and the government of the wealthiest and most powerful Nation on Earth. I think it is very obvious why they want to hide them in an appropriations bill. They don’t want to vote on it and give great speeches on the wall, on our southern border. They know that they don’t have enough Republican votes to pass it. One party now controls the White House and both Chambers of Congress. It is incumbent upon the Republicans to ensure that the government of the American people stays open and is fully funded. I am afraid that the par-tisan bluster threatens to derail months of bipartisan negotiations. As vice chairman of the Senate Com-mittee on Appropriations, I have been involved in those negotiations. Charles Kieffer and Chanda Betourney have worked almost around the clock for weeks representing us on the Appro-priations Committee. If the bluster and the posturing would stop, we could wrap this up. I hope that with one more week, our bipartisan and our bicameral negotia-tions, consistent with the bipartisan budget agreement and without poison pills, can continue, because this is no way to govern. To date, negotiations have produced many positive outcomes for the Amer-ican people. We have increased invest-ments in the National Institutes of Health. We secured full year Pell grants. We made investments in tran-sit. As to something that should be of concern to every single Senator from every single State, we made funding available to address the opioid crisis. That is not a Democratic or Repub-lican issue. That is a human issue. Every single State in this country is facing an opioid crisis. I am pleased that Republicans and Democrats came together to address it. Let’s not govern by partisan manu-factured crises. Let’s do what the American people expect us to do and come together to pay the bills of our country. Stop posturing. We are the greatest democracy on Earth, the most powerful and the wealthiest Nation on Earth. Let’s start acting that way. Let’s start governing as we should. Let’s not hide these divisive issues in an appropriations bill. Let’s have votes straight up or down. Let people vote and show their constituents, the Amer-ican people, where they stand. Don’t hide behind a must-pass appropriations bill. It is not the way we should gov-ern. It is not the way I want to do it. I am perfectly willing to cast votes on major issues, even if they are con-troversial. We have 6-year terms here. We ought to be willing to be the conscience of the Nation. That is what the Senate is supposed to be. In my years here, I have seen times when we have been under both Republican and Democratic leadership. We are not acting as the conscience of the Nation now. We have to go back to that. I really hope we will. We have good men and women in this body on both sides of the aisle. Let’s start showing the conscience of this great Nation. Let’s start governing in reality, not by rhetoric. Governing is not a Twitter feed. Governing is debat-ing the issues and coming to a conclu-sion for the American people. I see nobody else seeking recognition. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. CONTINUING RESOLUTION Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, I wish to speak on the appropriations bill. We still have several issues to ad-dress. Our Republican friends, mostly in the House—I want to say that my friend the Republican leader is working hard to get a good bill done, and I ap-preciate that, but Republicans are holding us up on some critical poison pill riders. We have made good enough progress. The four corners of the negotiations— the Appropriations chairmen and the ranking members in both Chambers and the House and Senate leadership were negotiating until 1:30 a.m. last night. I want to thank all of the staff who worked so hard and stayed up so late to bring us closer to an agreement. They have done heroic work, and I am happy to report that, if we get an agreement, we will see increases in NIH funding, year-round Pell grants, and housing assistance in the underlying omnibus bill. We are willing to have a voice vote on a short-term extension of the gov-ernment funding in the hopes that we can wrap this up early next week. As I said last night, there is still a handful of unresolved poison pill riders, fewer than there were yesterday at 6 o’clock because of the work they did overnight, but there are still some out there. I want to reiterate the Democratic position. We don’t want them—zero. We are happy to pass a clean, bipar-tisan appropriations bill, which is the way this process is supposed to work. On the more controversial issues, we can have a debate in regular order. They shouldn’t be stuck in these bills with no debate and no discussion and no votes—no regular order voting. I am confident that we can get there if both sides realize that these impor-tant debates on policy should be left with the regular order process and in full view of the public. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. f 
MAKING FURTHER CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of H.J. Res. 99, which was re-ceived from the House today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the joint resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (H.J. Res. 99) making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the joint resolu-tion. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the joint resolution be considered read a third time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Apr 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.002 S28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2635 April 28, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The joint resolution was ordered to a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I know of no fur-ther debate on the joint resolution. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there any further debate? Hearing none, the joint resolution having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the joint resolution pass? The joint resolution (H.J. Res. 99) was passed. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER OF BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, for the information of our colleagues, the next vote will be on Monday at 5:30 p.m., cloture on an SEC nomination. We expect the House to send us an Omnibus appropriations bill midweek, and we will consider it as soon as it ar-rives. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 36, Jay Clayton to be a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The bill clerk read the nomination of Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a Member of the Securities and Ex-change Commission for a term expiring June 5, 2021. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL . Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission for a term expiring June 5, 2021. Mitch McConnell, John Cornyn, Tom Cotton, Dan Sullivan, Shelley Moore Capito, John Barrasso, Roger F. Wicker, Mike Rounds, Orrin G. Hatch, Bill Cassidy, Pat Roberts, Mike Crapo, Lamar Alexander, Richard Burr, John Thune, Jerry Moran, James E. Risch. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call with respect to the cloture motion be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the cloture vote on the Clayton nomination occur at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, May 1. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I was unable to attend yesterday’s vote on the nomination of R. Alexander Acosta to be Secretary of Labor. Had I been able to attend, I would have opposed the nomination. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 11:44 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, without amendment: 
S. 496. An act to repeal the rule issued by the Federal Highway Administration and the Federal Transit Administration entitled ‘‘Metropolitan Planning Organization Co-ordination and Planning Area Reform’’. 
The message also announced that the House has passed the following bill and joint resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1694. An act to require additional enti-ties to be subject to the requirements of sec-tion 552 of title 5, United States Code (com-monly referred to as the Freedom of Infor-mation Act), and for other purposes. H.J. Res. 99. Joint resolution making fur-ther continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, and for other purposes. MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1694. An act to require additional enti-ties to be subject to the requirements of sec-tion 552 of title 5, United States Code (com-monly referred to as the Freedom of Infor-mation Act), and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1462. A communication from the Acting Deputy Secretary of Agriculture, transmit-ting pursuant to law, the 2016 Packers and Stockyards Program Annual Report; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. EC–1463. A communication from the Acting Deputy Secretary of Agriculture, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report of a violation of the Antideficiency Act by the Department of Agriculture’s Farm Service Agency; to the Committee on Appropriations. EC–1464. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port entitled ‘‘Iran-Related Multilateral Sanctions Regime Efforts’’ covering the pe-riod August 7, 2016 to February 6, 2017; to the Committees on Banking, Housing , and Urban Affairs; Finance; and Foreign Rela-tions. EC–1465. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary for Export Adminis-tration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pur-suant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revision to an Entry on the Entity List’’ (RIN0694–AH32) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–1466. A communication from the Chief of the Policy, Performance , and Manage-ment Programs Division, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wild-life and Plants; Endangered Species Status for Rusty Patched Bumble Bee’’ (RIN1018– BB66) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 27, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1467. A communication from the Dep-uty Chief of the National Forest System, De-partment of Agriculture, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report relative to the final map and boundary for the Ontonagon Wild and Scenic River, in Michigan, added to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–1468. A communication from the Bu-reau of Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port consistent with the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolu-tion of 2002 (P.L. 107–243) and the Authoriza-tion for the Use of Force Against Iraq Reso-lution (P.L. 102–1) for the December 8, 2016– February 6, 2017 reporting period; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–1469. A communication from the Acting Administrator, National Aeronautics and Space Administration, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the Administration’s FAIR Act 2014 and 2015 Commercial Activities Inven-tories , the FAIR Act 2014 and 2015 Inher-ently Government Inventories, and the 2014 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Apr 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.004 S28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2636 April 28, 2017 
and 2015 FAIR Act Executive Summaries; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1470. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the Assisted Outpatient Treatment Pilot Program for fiscal year 2016; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education , Labor, and Pensions. EC–1471. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Benefits Payable in Termi-nated Single-Employer Plans; Interest As-sumptions for Paying Benefits’’ (29 CFR Part 4022) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–1472. A communication from the Asso-ciate General Counsel for General Law, De-partment of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, two (2) reports relative to vacancies in the Department of Homeland Security, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on April 24, 2017; to the Select Committee on Intelligence. EC–1473. A communication from the Acting Administrator, Transportation Security Ad-ministration, Department of Homeland Se-curity, transmitting, pursuant to law, a re-port relative to the Administration’s deci-sion to enter into a contract with a private security screening company to provide screening services at Greater Rochester International Airport (ROC); to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1474. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Ohio River Miles 803.5 to 804 .5, Henderson, KY’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0174)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1475. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; Unexploded Ordnance Detona-tion; Naval Base Kitsap, Elwood Point; Bremerton, WA’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0313)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1476. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Zone; 2017 Key West Paddle Classic, Key West, FL’’ ((RIN1625–AA00) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0066)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1477. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Lake Ferguson; Greenville, MS’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0189)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1478. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Tred Avon River, be-tween Bellevue, MD and Oxford, MD’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0077)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1479. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Ohio River MM 598– 602.7, Louisville, KY’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Dock-et No. USCG–2017–0238)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1480. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Wy-Hi Rowing Re-gatta; Detroit River, Trenton Channel; Wy-andotte, MI’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2017–0217)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1481. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Spe-cial Local Regulation; Red Bull Air Race - San Diego 2017; San Diego Bay, CA’’ ((RIN1625–AA08) (Docket No. USCG–2017– 0096)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on April 26, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. BLUNT (for himself and Mr. R
EED): S. 989. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the participation of pediatric subspecialists in the National Health Service Corps program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. MORAN (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , Mr. D AINES , and Mr. W AR-
NER): S. 990. A bill to modernize Government in-formation technology, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 324 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 324, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care serv-ices for veterans. 
S. 425 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 425, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve the historic rehabilitation tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 445 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ), the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. WARREN ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) and the Sen-ator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 445, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure more timely ac-cess to home health services for Medi-care beneficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 486 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 486, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the non-application of Medicare competitive acquisition rates to complex rehabilitative wheelchairs and accessories. 
S. 652 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 652, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthor-ize a program for early detection, diag-nosis, and treatment regarding deaf and hard-of-hearing newborns, infants, and young children. 
S. 836 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 836, a bill to amend the Fed-eral Credit Union Act to exclude a loan secured by a non-owner occupied 1- to 4-family dwelling from the definition of a member business loan, and for other purposes. 
S. 880 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 880, a bill to ensure the use of American iron and steel in pub-lic water systems, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 915 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 915, a bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to repeal the Govern-ment pension offset and windfall elimi-nation provisions. 
S. 947 
At the request of Ms. H ASSAN , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 947, a bill to protect passengers on flights in air transportation from being denied boarding involuntarily, and for other purposes. 
S. CON. RES. 12 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Con. Res. 12, a concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that those who served in the bays, harbors, and territorial seas of the Republic of Vietnam during the period beginning on January 9, 1962, and ending on May 7, 1975, should be presumed to have served in the Republic of Vietnam for all purposes under the Agent Orange Act of 1991. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Apr 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.008 S28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2637 April 28, 2017 
S. RES. 109 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 109, a resolution encouraging the Government of Pakistan to release Aasiya Noreen, internationally known as Asia Bibi, and reform its religiously intolerant laws regarding blasphemy. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, MAY 1, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 3 p.m., Monday, May 1; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to execu-tive session and resume consideration of the Clayton nomination as under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. If there is no fur-ther business to come before the Sen-ate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Sen-ator C
ANTWELL . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Democratic leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be allowed to speak for 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
THE PRESIDENT’S FIRST ONE HUNDRED DAYS Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, to-morrow will be President Trump’s 100th day in office. This week, we Democrats have spent each day high-lighting how this President has broken or failed to fulfill promise after prom-ise to the working men and women of America on issue after issue—on jobs and the economy, on healthcare, and on draining the swamp. Earlier today, my colleagues talked about how the President’s budget is an-other example of his tendency to prom-ise one thing and then do another. De-spite promising to address the issues of education, infrastructure, and sci-entific research, the President’s budget takes a meat ax to the funding for NIH and NSF, vital school programs, and transportation grants. This morning, I want to touch on a few examples of the broken promises that characterize the President’s first 100 days, broken promises to the work-ing men and women of America. In the campaign, he ran as a populist against both the Democratic and Re-publican establishments. He is gov-erning from the special interest-laden hard right—far, far away from where the American people want him to go. In the President’s scramble to show some progress before his 100th day, he has rushed to make progress on the wall, healthcare, and taxes. This des-perate sprint has only left these three efforts more damaged than before. First, on the wall, we were pro-gressing nicely on a bipartisan agree-ment to keep our government open and running until the President stepped in to muck up the process by insisting on funding for his wall on the Mexican border. This is a huge broken promise. Every time he mentioned this wall on the campaign trail, he insisted that Mexico would pay for it. This week he demanded that the American taxpayers pay for it and threatened to shut down the government over it. The Americans know that $50 billion—if that is what the wall will cost—is far better spent laying broadband throughout America, rebuilding our roads and bridges—doing things that help Americans, not some ideological issue. Thankfully for the American people, the President failed. Second, on healthcare, breaking his promise of insurance for everybody and lowering costs yet again, the Presi-dent’s healthcare bill rose from the dead and moved further to the right. It is hard to think of a bill worse than the first, but TrumpCare 2.0 has all the ter-rible aspects of round one, with even more cruelty placed on the American people. TrumpCare 2.0 would still leave millions without coverage, raise rates dramatically on 50- to 64-year-olds, and also take us back to the day when in-surance companies could deny coverage to those with preexisting conditions. Once again, the President failed. Finally, the President’s tax plan was another huge broken promise. As a candidate, Trump promised to lower taxes for middle-class Americans, but his Secretary of Treasury can’t even guarantee the plan will do so. The President could have worked with Democrats on taxes, but he chose to focus on the wealthy instead of the middle class. To be clear, the President’s tax plan is a wish list for billionaires, not a seri-ous proposal. The Trump tax plan is de-signed to cut Trump’s taxes, those of his Cabinet, and those people of his wealth, not the taxes of the middle class. Thankfully, this plan is yet another dead-on-arrival Trump proposal that has been panned by both Democrats and Republicans. The Trump tax plan pretty much sums up the dynamic of the first 100 days—promise for the working class; deliver for the wealthy. Frankly, it is why he has made such little progress. These three actions this week, in the President’s rush to try to prove that the 100 days isn’t as bad as everybody is saying—the wall, TrumpCare, and the Trump tax plan—have made our point that his 100 days have been a fail-ure better than we ever could. President Trump could have chosen to spend his first 100 days working with Democrats to find consensus on issues like jobs, trade, outsourcing, and infra-structure—issues on which we have some common ground. I told him many times that if he governed from the mid-dle, his Presidency would have some success. Instead, he abandoned his campaign populism in favor of a hard- right, special interest-driven agenda and chose to go at it alone without consulting or so much as considering the minority party. That is why he has been unable to make any progress on healthcare. That is why he has been unable to make any progress on his wall. That is why he has been unable to achieve any significant piece of legisla-tion. In fact, of the 10 pieces of legisla-tion the President promised in his first 100 days, he has achieved none of them. These are the bills the President prom-ised to get done in his first 100 days— not a one. The President’s achievements to date consist of Executive orders—something he repeatedly derided during the Obama administration as an ineffective way to govern—and several bills passed under the Congressional Review Act. Keep in mind that many of these Exec-utive orders simply direct Federal agencies to study issues. They are mes-saging tools that don’t achieve any-thing. And many of the CRAs only ben-efit powerful special interests. Compared to Franklin Roosevelt’s first 100 days in which FDR passed 76 pieces of legislation, this can hardly be considered a record of effectiveness. And the contrast between the Presi-dent’s boasts and his actual record through the first 100 days is even starker when you consider just how much this President promised to de-liver all these things. There is an air of unreality when he says it is the best 100 days ever—compared to Franklin Roosevelt? Come on, give me a break. In fairness, candidates make a lot of promises. That is the nature of cam-paigning. We know that. But this President has made particularly out-landish promises to working Ameri-cans, summed up by a line he said in his campaign. He said to his sup-porters: ‘‘I will give you everything.’’ President Trump promised working Americans a cherry pie, but after 100 days, he has delivered only crumbs. If the President wants his next 100 days to be better than his first, he needs to abandon the ‘‘my way or the highway’’ approach, abandon his special interest- driven, pro-wealthy agenda, and start pursuing policies that actually help the middle class and those struggling to get there. We are willing to work with him if he does. But if he stays on his current path, abandoning the working people of America for the very wealthy, the next 100 days will be just like the first: a series of broken and unfulfilled promises and very few results for America’s working families. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Apr 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP6.002 S28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2638 April 28, 2017 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OFFSHORE DRILLING Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, President Trump, in his attempt to de-flect focus from the 100-day perform-ance in his administration is, today, throwing a Hail Mary pass to try to allow offshore oil and natural gas drill-ing to take place in very protected areas of our Outer Continental Shelf. The President’s approach is unlawful and should be withdrawn before tax-payers pay any amount of money to go forward with it. He is attempting to open up coastal areas to oil and gas production, and he is touting job cre-ation as a factor in his decision. I be-lieve that the economic numbers re-vealed today show that we need to be doing more, but I doubt that this ap-proach will be a successful approach for more American jobs. The truth is that instead of creating new jobs, President Trump is poised to favor sectors that will compete with the already growing and thriving in-dustries of fishing, tourism, and recre-ation, and in some potential areas will also threaten defense issues where we could have a potential conflict. The bottom line is that the BP Deep-water Horizon explosion and subsequent oil spill was a catastrophic human, eco-nomic and ecological disaster. Eleven members of the crew were killed in the explosion, and 17 others were injured. Oil spewed in the ocean for nearly 3 months, resulting in the largest oil spill disaster in the history of the United States. In the end, the BP Horizon disaster resulted in 134 million gallons of oil spilled into the Gulf of Mexico; that is 12 times more than the Exxon Valdez tanker spill in 1989 in Alaska. I should say that many attempts have been made by Democrats in Con-gress to make sure we continue to up-date our laws. But Republicans have repeatedly blocked legislation that would hold polluters liable for oil spills and improve offshore safety and envi-ronmental responses. So today it is very frustrating that the President of the United States is proposing to roll back the important safety regulations that were put in place during the Obama administra-tion. In fact, this book right here shows the Deepwater Horizon impact that was discussed by Members of Con-gress, the problems we had at the De-partment of Interior, and asked that these new regulations be put in place. These regulations by the Obama ad-ministration helped put a new regime into place after Deepwater Horizon. But now President Trump is bringing those regulations into question, suggesting that we should roll them back. He is even questioning the new regulations on blowout preventer systems and well control, which, if my colleagues will remember, was the centerpiece of the problem with Deepwater Horizon. The blowout preventers used had not been tested; the information was not overseen and regulated properly. So after all of that damage was outlined in this report and we made sure to im-plement changes, now President Trump, in his first 100 days as the President of the United States, instead of coming up with a better economic strategy is simply saying: Roll back regulations on polluters as a strategy for moving forward. President Obama had also put large portions of the Arctic and dozens of un-derwater canyons off the east coast permanently off limits to drilling dur-ing his time in office, using his author-ity under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act. In the finalized Offshore Oil and Gas Leasing Program for 2017–2022, the Obama administration removed the west coast, east coast, and Arctic waters from oil and gas exploration. Why did he do that? He did that pri-marily because of the maritime econ-omy. In Washington State alone, the maritime economy supports 148,000 jobs and $30 billion in economic activity. Many of these parts of the United States could not afford to be dev-astated again by oil spills or explo-ration into ecologically sensitive areas like the Arctic. I believe the Atlantic region was rightly removed due to strong local op-position, conflicts with other ocean uses, and market dynamics. The De-partment of the Interior recognized the potential environmental and economic impacts and competing ocean uses. For example, the economic value of com-mercial fishing in just the Mid-Atlan-tic region is worth more than $1.5 bil-lion, and ocean-dependent tourism is more than $10 billion in the Atlantic region. So I would say that the fishing econ-omy, the tourism economy, and DOD’s need for sea lanes in the Atlantic are all important, and we should not be trying to roll back Obama administra-tion regulations in these areas. It is not surprising that there was signifi-cant opposition to the oil and gas leas-ing from citizens, local officials, and people who reside in these commu-nities. I can tell you, if this rule includes the west coast, there will be strong op-position from the State of Washington, the State of California, and the State of Oregon, where we are so dependent on healthy oceans and sustainable fish-eries. We hope to clarify whether or not the west coast will be included in President Trump’s executive order, but if it is, the west coast will speak loud-ly. From our shellfish growers to our vibrant commercial and recreational fisheries, and generations of families who have to have sustainably har-vested Dungeness crab, salmon, and halibut. We do not want to put them at risk with offshore drilling. Not only would a spill impact our fisheries and habitat, but it could impact our Olympic Na-tional Marine Sanctuary. It would also have an impact on one of the busiest shipping lanes in the Strait of Juan de Fuca, in and out of Washington’s busy, busy ports. Washington’s coast is a trade super-highway. Our shipping and trade econ-omy is growing faster than ever. In the first quarter of this year, the total do-mestic and international container vol-ume increased by 10 percent. In our State, this maritime economy is worth $30 billion in economic activity. It sup-ports over 148,000 jobs, in fishing, in seafood processing, in shipbuilding, and other maritime sectors. Because of this importance, we be-lieve in protecting the west coast. President George H.W. Bush signed the first Executive order banning offshore drilling in the Pacific in 1990. We would recommend that this President follow suit. It is so unfortunate that this new ef-fort to repeal protections is going for-ward, but I believe it is going to fail. Many know that this action is just an attempt to reverse the past President’s withdrawal of sensitive areas, like in the Arctic and the Atlantic, and is not authorized. It is not authorized under the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act, and, therefore, the President should not spend money. He should go back to the people who know the law and un-derstand that this is a waste of tax-payer dollars. I hope the President will dialogue with Congress about any of our ideas to stimulate our economy. I am happy to talk at any point in time about ideas that we have that will move our coun-try forward, produce jobs, and help stimulate economic growth. But expanding offshore drilling and exploration to areas that already have been limited and set aside by past Presidents is not the way to proceed. We need to make sure that an industry that has made mistakes is held ac-countable and recommendations that were in this report not be reversed back to the days before Deepwater Hori-zon. This is what we need to do to pro-tect our vital maritime economy and make sure there are laws on the books that the oil and gas industry need to comply with. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, MAY 1, 2017, AT 3 P.M. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 3 p.m. on Monday. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:40 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.008 S28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2639 April 28, 2017 
Thereupon, the Senate, at 12:26 p.m., adjourned until Monday, May 1, 2017, at 3 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
RYAN DEAN NEWMAN, OF NEW MEXICO, TO BE GEN-ERAL COUNSEL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY, VICE ALISSA M. STARZAK. DAVID JOEL TRACHTENBERG, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE A PRINCIPAL DEPUTY UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE BRIAN P. MCKEON. 
DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN  
DEVELOPMENT  
PAMELA HUGHES PATENAUDE, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE, TO BE DEPUTY SECRETARY OF HOUSING AND URBAN DE-VELOPMENT, VICE NANI A. COLORETTI. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE  
MIRA RADIELOVIC RICARDEL, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE UNDER SECRETARY OF COMMERCE FOR EXPORT ADMIN-ISTRATION, VICE ERIC L. HIRSCHHORN. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR  
DAVID BERNHARDT, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE DEPUTY SEC-RETARY OF THE INTERIOR, VICE MICHAEL L. CONNOR. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:31 Apr 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G28AP6.009 S28APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE559 April 28, 2017 
RECOGNIZING THE 150TH ANNIVER-SARY OF TRINITY LUTHERAN CHURCH 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Trinity Lutheran Church of Egypt Mills, Missouri on the occasion of its 150th Anniversary. German Immigrants founded the congrega-tion in 1867. They have worshipped in the same, postcard perfect white church on a hill since 1880. During the first fifty years, German was the church’s primary language. With the close of World War I, the transition into English was completed. Trinity members have served their country from the Civil War through the Afghanistan War. Many have died in service. In celebrating its momentous anniversary, the congregation wants to ‘‘Honor the Past and Celebrate the Future’’. For continuing its work of proclaiming the Good News of Jesus Christ through 150 years of change and challenge, it is my great pleas-ure to honor Trinity Lutheran Church of Egypt Mills, Missouri, today before the United States House of Representatives. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN SOLDIER ARMY CORPORAL (CPL) KEVIN W. PRINCE 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Corporal (CPL) Kevin William Prince, who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our nation on April 23, 2005, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. CPL Prince was killed when an improvised ex-plosive device detonated near his humvee while on patrol in Iskandariyah, Iraq. CPL Prince, an Ohio native, was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment, Fort Irwin, California, which was at-tached to the 155th Brigade Combat Team (BCT) from Mississippi. He enlisted in the Army in 2001 with plans to go to college after he returned from Iraq. CPL Prince was trained to operate a Bradley Fighting Vehicle prior to his deployment to Iraq on January 9, 2005. Before he left, CPL Prince told his family he had bought a Bible to take with him. Before joining the Army, CPL Prince loved playing soccer, something he enjoyed from a young age. He worked part-time at his par-ent’s bagel shop. His brother, Jason Prince, said Kevin was someone who really enjoyed life and loved his family. ‘‘He was only 22. He still had a lot more life left,’’ Prince shared with Associated Press. ‘‘I want people to know he’s not just a number. There’s a face behind that number.’’ CPL Prince is survived by his parents, Ron and Susan Price, brother and sister-in-law, Jason and Ember Prince; his maternal grand-parents, William and Evelyn Martin; his pater-nal grandmother, Ruth Miller; aunts and un-cles, Carole and Rich Frazee and Jayne and Lon Slabaugh, Rick and Susan Prince, Steve and Judy Miller, Cathy and Dennis McDonnell, Mike and Helen Miller; and cousins, Patrick, Angie, Lori, Shanese, Nicole and Morgan Slaubaugh. His dedication to protecting our nation will not be forgotten. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on April 27, 2017, I was unable to vote on the amendment to H.R. 1694 offered by Mr. Johnson of Geor-gia. Had I been present for roll call vote 232, I would have voted yes. 
f 
CELEBRATING ZIKER CLEANERS ON THEIR 100TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the 100th Anniversary of Ziker Cleaners. A staple in the northern Indiana community for generations, Ziker Cleaners represents the heart and soul of the American Dream. In 1917, Joe Ziker, an immigrant and entre-preneur, founded his small tailor shop when he was just 14 years old. Since then, Ziker Cleaners has diversified and grown into a multifaceted company serving the clothing care needs of Hoosiers across South Bend, Mishawaka, and Elkhart. For the past century, the Ziker family busi-ness has been committed to quality, efficiency, and exceptional customer service. Ziker Cleaners’ success in business and leadership in its industry are clear in its vast growth and continued innovation through decades of changes in our economy. Now with 10 store locations and four home pick-up and delivery routes, and a brand new state-of-the-art pro-duction facility, this Hoosier business con-tinues to provide our community with the con-venience and dependability the Ziker brand calls to mind. I want to thank the Ziker family for all their hard work, dedication, and sacrifice over the years to keep their shops running strong and employing hardworking Hoosiers. Small busi-nesses are the backbone of this country, and Ziker Cleaners is truly an inspiration to entre-preneurs everywhere. By providing good jobs for the past 100 years, Ziker Cleaners has be-come an essential part of our community life and local economy. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Indiana’s 2nd Dis-trict, I am honored to recognize Ziker Cleaners for achieving 100 years and four generations of success. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 150TH AN-NIVERSARY OF EASTERN STAR LODGE NO. 13 
HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention and recognize the East-ern Star Lodge No. 13 in Hampton, Virginia. Eastern Star Lodge No. 13 is celebrating its 150th Anniversary tomorrow and has worked in continuous and faithful service to the Com-monwealth of Virginia over this time. Prince Hall Masonic lodges have a long his-tory in the Commonwealth, tracing their history to 1775 when Prince Hall and fourteen other free blacks joined a British army lodge of Ma-sons stationed in Boston, Massachusetts and, following their departure, formed their own lodge: African American Lodge No. 1. Prince Hall became the lodge’s first Grand Master. By establishing this organization, Prince Hall and his compatriots were, in 1775, taking some of the first steps to form one of Amer-ica’s first formal African-American institutions. Organized in 1866 and charted a year later in 1867, Eastern Star Lodge No. 13 was placed at the forefront of growth and develop-ment of Prince Hall Masonry in the Common-wealth of Virginia, and in our nation. For 24 years, Eastern Star Lodge No. 13 was one of the only Prince Hall Masonic lodges in Hamp-ton Roads, before helping to expand Prince Hall Masonry throughout the Tidewater region. More recently, resulting from a number of lodge mergers, Eastern Star Lodge No. 13 is one of the largest Subordinate Prince Hall Lodges in Virginia. I have heard the question asked: ‘‘when is a man a Mason?’’ According to Joseph Fort Newton’s ‘‘The Builders,’’ a man becomes a Mason when he has sympathy for others, the ability to empathize, when he looks for the up-side in things, and when he keeps faith in him-self, in his fellow men, and with his God. The real secret to Masonry, Newton writes, is the ability to give all to the world. In this spirit, countless members of Eastern Star Lodge No. 13 have served in their com-munity and in leadership positions. Through their service and through their commitment to their community, members of Eastern Star Lodge No. 13 have done their part to provide mentorship, dispense charity, and ‘‘aid in the uplifting of humanity’’ through their charitable endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28AP8.001 E28APPT1rfrederick on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE560 April 28, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to extend my en-thusiastic congratulations to Mr. Antonio Hin-ton, Sr., who currently serves as the leader of Eastern Star Lodge No. 13 and all the mem-bers of this historic lodge on the celebration of 150 years of continuous service to Hampton and the Commonwealth of Virginia. It is my profound hope that through their work, mem-bers of Eastern Star Lodge No. 13 continue to provide support and service to their commu-nity. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN SOLDIER ARMY CAPTAIN (CPT) RALPH JOHN HARTING III 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen soldier Army Captain (CPT) Ralph John Harting III, who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our nation on April 29, 2005, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. CPT Harting was killed when a vehicle-borne improvised explosive device was detonated by a suicide bomber as he was conducting a traffic-control-point inspection in Diyarah, Iraq. Also killed was Captain Stephen W. Frank. CPT Harting and CPT Stephen W. Frank were among an estimated 50 people who died that day in bombings carried out by insurgents trying to disrupt the newly formed Iraqi govern-ment. CPT Harting was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment, Fort Irwin, California, which was attached to the 155th Brigade Combat Team (BCT) from Mississippi. CPT Harting was born in Pontiac, Michigan and raised in Union Lake. Jay, as he was known to family and friends, applied to all four service academies and was accepted at each one. He enrolled at the U.S. Military Academy in West Point, New York. CPT Harting grad-uated with a mechanical engineering degree in 1998. CPT Harting and CPT Frank were classmates in college as well as Michigan na-tives. At the time of his death, CPT Harting was survived by his wife, Jennifer, a 2-year-old daughter, a 1-year-old son, and an infant son who was born shortly after his death. When the Frank family learned of the death of their son and CPT Harting, they invited the Harting family over to share stories. ‘‘We talked about how we wished it was us to go first,’’ Sue Frank told the Detroit Free Press. ‘‘We were glad that the boys were not alone when they died. It was a comforting conversation, and we had an immediate bond-ing over the most tragic thing that could hap-pen in your life. It’s good to know that the Hartings are only two miles away.’’ CPT Harting and CPT Frank are both buried at the West Point Cemetery which is on the grounds of the U.S. Military Academy in West Point, New York. CPT Harting and CPT Frank will always be remembered for their devotion to our nation and for paying the ultimate sacrifice to protect America. HONORING DIGNITY HEALTH’S MERCY MEDICAL CENTER HON. JIM COSTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dignity Health’s Mercy Medical Cen-ter in Merced as this year’s recipient of the Merced College President’s Medallion. Dignity Health is one of the largest health systems in the nation, with 400 care sites across a 22 state network, including 39 hospitals. Through teamwork, innovation, faith and compassion, they strive to keep every patient happy and healthy. The Mercy Medical Center in Merced has provided a resource for all its residents by enhancing and creating the health care sys-tem of the future. Founded in 1831 by Catherine McAuley in Dublin, Ireland, The Sisters of Mercy promised to serve people who suffered from sickness, poverty, and lack of education. After arriving in San Francisco, California in 1854, eight Sis-ters began to care for residents of a city who were struck by cholera, typhoid and influenza and founded St. Mary’s Hospital, which is the oldest continuously operating hospital in the city. These facilities later expanded and were renamed to Catholic Healthcare West in order to serve a growing population, while still main-taining their vow to serve the community, and keeping a respect for humanity at the forefront of modern medicine. In 2012, Catholic Healthcare West changed their name to Dig-nity Health, demonstrating the respect and promise to provide health care and helping ev-eryone achieve healthy and meaningful lives. Although Dignity Health’s headquarters are in San Francisco, their commitment to provide health care for everyone and their compassion towards their patients continues to be dem-onstrated throughout the nation and in Merced. In the fall of 1999, two hospitals in Merced County began discussions with the in-tent of finding the best direction to meet the health care needs of their citizens. They agreed to build a single hospital, Mercy Med-ical Center, to support the addition of more advanced medical services that were not available locally. Thanks to this expansion, not only were they able to bring more resources to the area, but also recruit additional clinical and medical staff to the Merced region as well. Mercy doctors, employees, and volunteers have consistently met the health care needs of all patients, regardless of their background or circumstances. With the newest Mercy Med-ical Center established in 2012, I look forward to witnessing the benefits that it will bring to Merced and its surrounding communities. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring the achievements of Dignity Health’s Mercy Medical Center. Their long his-tory has exhibited the dedication that they have in caring for all patients, and has dem-onstrated their commitment to enriching the lives of Merced’s students in the future. For these reasons, it is fitting and appropriate that Dignity Health’s Mercy Medical Center re-ceives the President’s Medallion from Merced College; one of their highest honors and most distinct privileges. I know the service they pro-vide will inspire future generations who wish to work in the medical and health care field to deliver the same quality and excellence that community members have come to appre-ciate, and rely upon. f 
MAINE SOUTH HIGH SCHOOL EX-CELS IN WE THE PEOPLE COM-PETITION 
HON. JANICE D. SCHAKOWSKY 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate the students and teachers from Maine South High School in Park Ridge, Illinois who recently participated in the 30th Annual We the People: The Citizen and the Constitution national academic competition and placed tenth in the nation. The We the People program is sponsored by the Center for Civic Education and is the most extensive program in the nation educating students about the history and principles of U.S. con-stitutional democracy. The national competition takes the form of a simulated congressional hearing during which students demonstrate their knowledge and skills as they evaluate, take, and defend posi-tions on historical and contemporary constitu-tional issues. Independent studies show that We the People students benefit greatly from this experience. I would like to commend the teachers, Andrew Trenkle and Kevin Hansen, for their dedication and expertise in the class-room. The following are the names of the stu-dents from their constitution team: Cardella Alison, Margaret Bono, Kathryn Boyce, Gracie DeRosa, Lily Dysart, Anna Ebacher, Maria Francque, Katherine Heyde, Maria Iatrides, Grace Janes, Ann Kapustiak, Julia Klages, Dominika Kolendo, Garrett Kreger, Alexander Krysl, Maura Lally, Cath-erine Martin, Sydney Mathias, Thomas Ng, William Olafsson, Marc Piarowski, Mary Pat Roche, Shannon Ryan, Jill Steffen, Daniel Touhy, Peyton Turner, Emerson Uhlig, Elaina Wilkens, Kristin Woo, Isis Zaki. Mr. Speaker, with many reports and studies documenting a lack of education among the public of some of our most basic constitutional principles and institutions, the need for effec-tive civic education programs in the schools is quite evident. The We the People program is an important part of the solution to this prob-lem. I salute these young constitutional ex-perts on their performance and wish them suc-cess in the years ahead. 
f 
HONORING DONNA & ABE BARTELL 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker. I rise today to honor two members of the community who have made some remarkable contributions to the Beth EI Synagogue Center, Donna and Abe Bartell. After being introduced on a blind date in 1993, Donna and Abe married in 1995. Having lived in Rhode Island and Bayside, Queens, Donna and Abe settled in New Rochelle in 2001 with their two-year-old daughter Hannah. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28AP8.005 E28APPT1rfrederick on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE561 April 28, 2017 
That same year, their twin sons Stephen and Jesse were born. When choosing a syna-gogue, Donna gave Abe no choices. They would join a Conservative shul, and since they lived in New Rochelle, they were zoned to at-tend a New Rochelle synagogue. The obvious and only choice was Beth EI Synagogue Cen-ter. Beth EI quickly became the family’s sec-ond home, a home which shared and cele-brated Jesse’s and Stephen’s bris and the children’s bnei mitzvahs. Hannah, Stephen, and Jesse all attended the Beth EI Nursery School, the amazing Day Camp, and, after spending Kindergarten through fifth grade at Schechter Westchester, they moved on to the Beth EI Religious School and became active in Beth El’s USY chapter. Donna has served on numerous committees at Beth EI. She has enjoyed working on youth activities and organizing meals when Beth EI hosts the USY Kinnus. Donna has served as co-chair of the Membership Committee and Couples Club. She has also been on the Nursery School Board. Abe has served as a member of the Nurs-ery School Board, Day Camp Board, Religious School Board, and Board of Trustees. He has been a member of numerous committees and chaired several, including the Nominating Committee, Catering and Kiddush Committee, and the Youth Services Committee. He has co-led many High Holiday Junior Congregation Services and Havurah Services as half of the now famous Dan & Abe Show. This year, Beth EI is honoring Donna and Abe at their 63rd Annual Gala for all of their contributions to the Synagogue. They are most deserving of the recognition. Congratula-tions to Donna and Abe on receiving this won-derful honor. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF GARFIELD 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to call to your attention the outstanding achieve-ments of the great town of Garfield as they celebrate their 100th Anniversary this Sunday, April 30, 2017. March 15, 1898 was the day that Garfield broke away from the Township of Saddle River and first became a borough. The State Legislature set Garfield’s boundaries which still exist today. Finally the big day on April 19, 1917, the borough became the City of Garfield which we have all come to know. Today we like to thank Gilbert D. Bogart, the man who is credited as the founder of modern day Garfield. Since 1972, Garfield has been governed by a City Manager and five council members, one of who is selected by their Council colleagues to be Mayor. The residents of Garfield are some of the most in-volved citizens, and elect all members of the City Council. The 1,333 acres of land that make up Gar-field are arguably the most diverse acres in the 9th congressional district. With over 20 places of worship, a YMCA, Boys and Girls club, Senior Citizen centers, and a public li-brary the City of Garfield is a place for anyone to feel accepted and welcomed. The City of Garfield has been essential to the growth and development of Bergen County and the State of New Jersey overall. In fact, Garfield has experienced many of the major milestones in our nation’s history: including the Revolutionary War and the Civil War. Today, the City of Garfield is led by City Manager Thomas J. Duch, and Mayor Richard Rigoglioso, both lifelong residents, who have spent most of their lives dedicated to Garfield. I have the great honor of representing the residents of Garfield in Congress. This is a city where people work hard to support their family and their community, a town where the history is long and storied. Since 2012 when I started representing Gar-field in my congressional district I have learned so much about the City. When I visit Garfield I see some of the most hardworking, caring, and welcoming people that I have ever met. I know I can always count on the City of Garfield to be one of the friendliest commu-nities in the 9th district. The job of a United States Congressman in-volves much that is rewarding, yet nothing compares to recognizing and commemorating 100 years of history in Garfield, NJ. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join our col-leagues to celebrate 100 years of service, dedication, and excellence from the residents of Garfield. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF DR. JOSEPH A. OVICK, ED.D 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and service of Dr. Joseph A. Ovick, former Superintendent of Schools for Contra Costa County. Dr. Ovick was an educator for 45 years. He began his career as a special education teacher in Santa Clara County which was fol-lowed by serving in the county as a public school assistant principal, principal, and direc-tor of special education. He later joined the Contra Costa County Office of Education (CCCOE), where he worked as director of special education, assistant superintendent for student services, and associate super-intendent for business. In 1996, he was elected county super-intendent of schools. He was well-known for developing strong coalitions of educators, community members, and legislators in sup-port of public schools, while always making it a point to visit countless classrooms through-out the county. Dr. Ovick’s achievements in and out of the classroom did not go unrecognized. In 2005, Dr. Ovick was awarded the President’s Circle Award for Outstanding Service to Education and the Community from the Diablo Valley College Foundation, as well as the Govern-ment Service Award in Recognition of Out-standing Community Service from Congress-man George Miller. In 2008, the East Bay Leadership Foundation named Dr. Ovick Cit-izen of the Year, East Bay Awards. In 2006, he won the Association of California School Administrators (ACSA), Region 6, Super-intendent of the Year Award, and in 2010 he earned the ACSA, Region 6, Ferd Kiesel Me-morial Distinguished Service Award. Additionally, in 2008, the Contra Costa County Board of Education unanimously voted to honor Dr. Ovick by dedicating CCCOE’s community school in Brentwood as the ‘‘Jo-seph A. Ovick School’’ because of his long-time advocacy for the needs of all students— especially those most at risk and with special needs. Community service was also an important part of Dr. Ovick’s life. He was an active mem-ber of the Pleasant Hill Rotary Club, and served as a member on both the local Boys’ and Girls’ Clubs and Junior Achievement USA. Dr. Ovick was an inspiration and a friend. He passed away unexpectedly on March 30, 2017. I and the community will miss him great-ly. f 
RECOGNIZING MR. JOHN BROWN FOR HIS RETIREMENT AND SERVICE TO ROCK ISLAND 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize John Brown, who is retiring as the Rock Island County Deputy Clerk. Mr. Brown has honorably served Rock Island County in various levels of government and public serv-ice for the past 40 years and he will be greatly missed. Mr. Brown began his career in public serv-ice as a Democratic Precinct Committeeman in 1978. Since then, he has served as the Deputy County Clerk under Karen Kinney, Dick Leibovitz and John Gianulis, in addition to serving as the Rock Island Township Su-pervisor from 1997 to 2013. Mr. Brown has dedicated his career to en-suring our local institutions are accessible, and striving to improve the lives of all individuals within our community. He has lead projects to improve early voting locations and accessi-bility, same day voter registration, as well as created initiatives to hire bilingual individuals to ensure all of our constituents are able to be heard. All the work Mr. Brown has done to im-prove our county and his passion for helping people will be not be forgotten. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Mr. Brown for his commitment to public service and for all of the work he has done to better our community. I congratulate him again on his well-earned retirement and wish him the best of luck in his future endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER MA-RINE CORPS MASTER SERGEANT (MSGT) SCOTT EUGENE PRUITT 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Marine Corps Master Sergeant (MSgt) Scott Eugene Pruitt who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our na-tion on April 28, 2012, during Operation En-during Freedom. MSgt Pruitt was killed in ac-tion by enemy fire when his vehicle was struck 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28AP8.009 E28APPT1rfrederick on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE562 April 28, 2017 
by a roadside improvised explosive device while conducting combat operations in Nimroz Province, Afghanistan. This was his first de-ployment. MSgt Pruitt, a Gautier native, was assigned to I Marine Expeditionary Force Headquarters Group, I Marine Expeditionary Force, Camp Pendleton, California. MSgt Pruitt was a finan-cial management Marine for 18 years and also an instructor with the Marine Corps Combat Service Support Schools. He volunteered to go on deployment with his junior Marines. MSgt Pruitt was honored for his sacrifice by family, friends, and fellow service members during a memorial service held at the base au-ditorium at Camp Johnson, a satellite installa-tion of Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune on May 31, 2012. ‘‘He not only wanted to deploy as a Marine,’’ said Lydia Hobson, MSgt Pruitt’s mother, ‘‘but as a human being. He wanted to help the peo-ple and children over there. When he got to Afghanistan, he asked me to send him cray-ons and coloring books for the children in the hospital because they didn’t have the things American children had. He was a great man.’’ ‘‘Pruitt never stopped surprising me,’’ retired Master Sergeant Ron Scott, one of Pruitt’s mentors said. ‘‘I had a special bond with him. He grew from this young, wide-eyed kid to someone I called a brother.’’ MSgt Pruitt was awarded the Bronze Star and Purple Heart for his service and sacrifice. He was also recognized by the Marine Corps Combat Service Support School ‘‘Wall of He-roes’’ where his memorial frame was placed. The Mississippi Department of Transpor-tation has designated a section of U.S. High-way 90 in Gautier as the Scott E. Pruitt Me-morial Highway. MSgt Pruitt is survived by his daughters Jennifer and Jordyn, and his fiance´e, Trisha Lane. MSgt Pruitt’s dedication to protecting our nation will always be remembered. 
f 
HONORING BOWIE STATE UNIVER-SITY PRESIDENT DR. MICKEY L. BURNIM 
HON. STENY H. HOYER 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, on April 22, Bowie State University celebrated the leader-ship and career of its ninth president, Dr. Mickey Burnim, at its annual Founders Gala. The annual Founders Gala marks the anniver-sary of the founding of the school in 1865 that would later become Bowie State University. While I was, unfortunately, unable to join the celebration in person, I want to express my great thanks to Dr. Burnim for all he has achieved during his tenure and congratulate him on being honored at this year’s gala. I also join in wishing him well on his upcoming retirement. When Dr. Burnim steps down as President of Bowie State University, he will complete eleven very successful years leading one of Maryland’s great institutions of higher edu-cation and one of our nation’s oldest and most illustrious historically black universities. Having come to Bowie State after serving as Chan-cellor of Elizabeth City State University in North Carolina and as Provost and Vice Chan-cellor of North Carolina Central University, Dr. Burnim brought to his presidency an already long and distinguished career in university ad-ministration. At a time when higher education costs are rising, Bowie State has been recog-nized for its outstanding value, including being ranked by The Economist for having the best higher education value in Maryland. An econo-mist by training, Dr. Burnim has recognized the criticality of securing a sound fiscal future for the University, and during his time in office he took steps to put Bowie State on a solid footing for long-term expansion. With new re-sources secured, one of the focuses of his tenure has been the construction of new cam-pus buildings, including a new student center, a performing arts center, and a new $107 mil-lion facility for the study and practice of Science, Mathematics, and Nursing. Recog-nizing how important it is to connect graduates with career opportunities and to foster young entrepreneurs, Dr. Burnim worked with the City of Bowie to launch the Bowie Business Innovation Center on campus. Under his lead-ership, Bowie State has continued to expand the programs it offers and to conduct groundbreaking research across a number of disciplines. I am very proud to represent Bowie State University in Congress. Since its founding as the Baltimore Normal School after the Civil War, Bowie State Uni-versity has served as an important nexus of education and opportunity for African Ameri-cans, and after 152 years it has grown to be-come one of our country’s great universities and educates students from all backgrounds. Bowie State joined the University System of Maryland in 1988 and, along with the other in-stitutions of higher education across our state, helps make Maryland one of the best places to pursue study in the country and, indeed, the world. Within the University System of Mary-land, Bowie State has earned a reputation for leading in the fields of science, technology, engineering, the arts, and mathematics—or ‘STEAM’—and creating innovative interdiscipli-nary programs that bring them all together to prepare students for success in emerging in-dustries of the twenty-first century economy. It was Dr. Burnim who led Bowie State’s effort to adopt the Education Innovation Initiative (EI
2), a STEAM-enrichment program that makes early career pathway exposure accessible to under-represented students throughout Prince George’s County. Dr. Mickey Burnim has been instrumental to the University’s achievements and its strong trajectory for growth in the years ahead. I have been honored to work with him to ensure that Bowie State has had a partner in the fed-eral government, and I thank him for all his hard work over the past eleven years as President and throughout his four decades in higher education. I wish him all the best, and I join in celebrating his very successful tenure that has made a real difference in the lives of tens of thousands of students across Maryland and the United States. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. RICHARD HUDSON 
OF NORTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained and missed the vote. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 232. 
f 
HONORING JENNIFER ‘‘JENNY’’ ALPERS 
HON. VICKY HARTZLER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Jennifer ‘‘Jenny’’ Alpers, a dedi-cated public servant to the citizens of Mis-souri. Jenny tirelessly worked alongside me as a legislative aide during my time as a Missouri State Representative to serve the good people of the 124th District. My appreciation to her cannot be understated. She helped constitu-ents navigate the state bureaucracy, greeted visitors who came into my office, and advised me on important legislation facing Missouri at that time. Her service as a one-woman office staff was no easy task, but she worked with poise and efficiency. Like many hardworking Missourians, Jenny and her late husband, Gary, worked on their family farm and raised two wonderful daugh-ters, Jennifer and Ashley. Both daughters mar-ried great guys, Scott and Billy, and she has been blessed with three incredible grand-children: Jordyn, Brady, and Wil. Continuing her love of serving others, she is active in her local church and community. Mr. Speaker, I cannot think of an individual more deserving of this special recognition than Jenny herself. She never sought the limelight but instead did what all good Missourians do by pulling up her sleeves and working to help her family, her friends, and even complete strangers. A retirement celebration for Jenny will be held on May 8, 2017 in the Missouri State Capitol, where many of her current and former colleagues and friends will be present to thank her for all she has done to better our great state. I ask all my colleagues to join me in applauding the years of service and com-mitment of Jenny. We are blessed to have such dedicated citizens like her serving us, and I wish her the best in the years to come. I thank Jenny, and God’s blessings to her. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN SOLDIER ARMY CAPTAIN (CPT) STEPHEN W. FRANK 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen soldier Army Captain (CPT) Stephen W. Frank who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our na-tion on April 29, 2005, during Operation Iraqi Freedom III. CPT Frank was killed when a ve-hicle-borne improvised explosive device deto-nated as he was conducting a traffic-control- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:09 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28AP8.013 E28APPT1rfrederick on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE563 April 28, 2017 
point inspection in Diyarah, Iraq. Also killed was Captain Ralph J. Harting, III. They were among an estimated 50 people to die that day in bombings carried out by insurgents trying to disrupt Iraq’s newly formed government. CPT Frank was assigned to the 2nd Squad-ron, 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment, Fort Irwin, California, which was attached to the 155th Brigade Combat Team (BCT) from Mis-sissippi. CPT Frank was born in Lyndhurst, Ohio and then raised in Lansing, Michigan. He graduated from Haslett High School. CPT Frank earned a geography degree from the U.S. Military Academy in West Point, NY. CPT Frank and CPT Harting, a Michigan native, were college classmates. Shortly after learning of their son’s death, CPT Frank’s parents, Bill and Sue Frank, in-vited the Hartings to their home to trade sto-ries and photos of their sons. ‘‘We talked about how we wished it was us to go first,’’ Sue Frank told the Detroit Free Press. ‘‘We were glad that the boys were not alone when they died. It was a comforting conversation, and we had an immediate bond-ing over the most tragic thing that could hap-pen in your life. It’s good to know that the Hartings are only two miles away.’’ A memorial service was held at Fort Irwin, California, where both men were based. CPT Frank and CPT Harting were buried in a May 14 ceremony at West Point. CPT Frank’s survivors included his wife, Laurel, a 2-year-old son, and his parents, Bill and Sue Frank. The sacrifice of these brave soldiers will al-ways be remembered. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. MARK J. CRAWFORD ON THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Dr. Mark J. Crawford for his service to Western New York as an educa-tor and public servant. He will be retiring from his position as Superintendent of the West Seneca Central School District, and I want to commemorate his hard work, dedication, and impact on our community. Dr. Crawford began his educational career in Western New York, earning a bachelor’s and a master’s degree from Canisius College, and a doctorate from the University of Buffalo. In 1974, he began his career teaching at Our Lady of Perpetual Help School. Throughout his 43-year career in education, Dr. Crawford took on many different roles. He taught Re-gents Social Studies, served as the Dean of Discipline, Headmaster, and Principal at a number of our local schools including, Nardin Academy, Casey Middle School, and North-wood Elementary. In addition, Dr. Crawford served as an adjunct professor of graduate education at D’Youville College, helping to educate the future teachers of Western New York. For the past 13 years, he was Super-intendent at Dryden Central School District, Hamburg Central Schools, and most recently, West Seneca Central School District. In addition to his dedication to education, Mark is actively involved in the local commu-nity and serves as a member of the West Seneca Chamber of Commerce, member emeritus of the West Seneca Rotary Club, and Trustee Emeritus of the Theodore Roosevelt Inaugural Site Foundation Board of Trustees. Furthermore, Dr. Crawford has expanded his community involvement beyond Western New York to Rwanda. Eight years ago, he traveled with the directors of the Summer In-stitute for Human Rights and Genocide Stud-ies, and ever since has actively supported the organization. Dr. Crawford has been serving the youth of Western New York for over four decades, and his commitment and dedication as an educator and public servant has had an immeasurable impact on our community. Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me a few moments to honor Dr. Mark J. Crawford and recognize all that he has done for the City of West Seneca and the entire Western New York community. I know that you’ll join me, and all of our colleagues, in wishing Mark, his wife, and their entire family the very best of good health and happiness in the months and years to come. f 
APPOINTMENT OF MS. JEANETTE S. JAMES TO THE NATIONAL COMMISSION ON MILITARY, NA-TIONAL, AND PUBLIC SERVICE 
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to section 553(b) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Pub. L. 114–328), on March 31, 2017, I appointed Ms. Jeanette S. James to serve as a member of the National Commission on Military, National, and Public Service. Ms. James served 12 years as part of the staff of the House Armed Services Committee, leading the Sub-committee on Military Personnel for three years until her retirement in 2017. Prior to join-ing the committee staff, James served in the Army Nurses Corps for 31 years, rising to the rank of Colonel and commanding the medical department activity at Fort Drum. Ms. James was recently awarded the Army Distinguished Civilian Service Award, which is the highest honorary award that the Secretary of the Army may grant to a private citizen. As the Chairman of the House Armed Serv-ices Committee, I have come to trust Jeanette’s advice on matters that affect our troops and their families. For nearly a decade and a half, Jeanette has approached some of the Department of Defense’s most difficult and controversial issues with the same precision, compassion, and dedication she showed to her patients during her 31 years as an Army nurse. Jeanette has spent 43 years in public serv-ice, in which time she has made a real dif-ference for our country and our military. Our troops are healthier and better cared for, their families are more secure, and our policies are better informed because of her service. I can think of few people more qualified to serve on this National Commission to review and reform the Selective Service process than someone who has dedicated her life to serving her na-tion with the utmost dedication and distinction for more than four decades. HONORING TRIS & SAM BERGER HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker. I rise today to honor two individuals who through their dedi-cation and commitment have become synony-mous with the Beth El Synagogue Center in Scarsdale, Tris and Sam Berger. In 1994, Tris and Sam Berger moved to Scarsdale from New York City and imme-diately joined Beth El Synagogue Center. Their daughter Yael (Yali) was born in 1996 and their son Kenny arrived in 2000. Tris, a San Diego native, became a bat mitzvah and was confirmed at Temple Beth Israel, the largest and oldest Reform Temple in San Diego. Sam was raised outside Phila-delphia, where his parents were founding members of Temple Israel of Upper Darby and subsequently members of Temple Beth Sho-lom, in Elkins Park, PA. Both have had ex-tremely successful careers at Price Waterhouse, among other institutions, and both have maintained an active community fo-cused schedule outside of work. Tris has been involved in Beth El’s Centennial Celebration Committees and co-chaired the Intergenera-tional Kallah. She was an area chair and divi-sional chair for UJA Scarsdale Woman’s Phi-lanthropy and currently chairs the Employment and Self Sufficiency Task Committee as part of the Caring Commission at UJA. She is also a member of the UJA Board of Directors. Sam has remained actively involved with the HR Committee, various search committees and on the Board of Trustees. He eventually became a Vice President and then Executive Vice President of Beth El. He assumed the position of President of 2014 and hasn’t look back since. As President, Sam and his officers and other volunteers led the shul through the emo-tional retirement of our beloved rabbi of 43 years, Rabbi Melvin Sirner, to the exciting hir-ing of new senior rabbi, Rabbi David Schuck. Tris and Sam have become part of the very fabric of Beth El and their contributions have been many. This year, Beth El is honoring Tris and Sam at their 63rd Annual Gala on March 19th. They could not have honored two more deserving individuals. Congratulations to Tris and Sam on this wonderful occasion. 
f 
HONORING DR. MARY PAPAZIAN 
HON. ZOE LOFGREN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I, along with my colleagues, Representative A
NNA ESHOO  and Representative R
OKHANNA , rise today to recognize Dr. Mary Papazian on her inaugura-tion as the 30th President of San Jose State University (SJSU). Dr. Papazian is the first person of Armenian-American descent and the third female to serve as SJSU’s president in its 160-year history. Dr. Papazian was born, raised and attended schools in Southern California. She eventually followed in her parent’s footsteps by matricu-lating at the University of California, Los Ange-les (UCLA), where she earned a Bachelor’s, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28AP8.016 E28APPT1rfrederick on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE564 April 28, 2017 
Master’s and doctoral degrees in English lit-erature. Dr. Papazian has gone on to enjoy a distin-guished academic career spanning nearly three decades; She began her academic ca-reer at Oakland University in Rochester, Michi-gan, where she served as an assistant, asso-ciate and tenured professor of English and subsequently as Associate Dean of the Col-lege of Arts and Science. Dr. Papazian subsequently moved to Montclair State University in New Jersey, where she served as Dean of the College of Humanities and Social Sciences before transitioning to the position of Provost and Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs at Lehman College of The City University of New York (CUNY). In 2012, Dr. Papazian was appointed Presi-dent of Southern Connecticut State University (SCSU) in New Haven, Connecticut, where she served with distinction for four and a half years before departing to assume the SJSU presidency in July 2016. Dr. Papazian’s accomplishments at SCSU included strengthening programs supporting the successful transition of first-year and transfer students, engaging SCSU actively in its community, completing a comprehensive master facilities plan, and establishing a stra-tegic vision for what will be SCSU’s next dec-ade, and for its first-ever comprehensive phil-anthropic campaign. Dr. Papazian and her husband, Dr. Dennis R. Papazian, professor emeritus of history and the founding director of the Armenian Re-search Center at the University of Michigan, Dearborn, have two adult daughters; Dr. Papazian has been and remains active in local and global Armenian affairs. In word and deed, Dr. Papazian dem-onstrates an abiding commitment to student success, the professional development of fac-ulty and staff members, the intrinsic value of education, and the interests of the broader community. On behalf of the people of the 17th, 18th and 19th Congressional Districts of California, we extend our sincere congratulations to Dr. Mary Papazian of San Jose State University for this outstanding achievement. 
f 
JIM NATHAN OF LEE HEALTH 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of Jim Nathan, a leader in Southwest Florida who has helped define our community-centered health system. Forty-two years ago Jim Nathan interviewed at Lee Memorial Hospital. He expected to complete a one-year administrative residency and then return back to Cincinnati. However, after more than four decades later, he is still in Fort Myers serving the healthcare needs of our community. I thank Jim Nathan for his decades of serv-ice and success to Southwest Florida, and I wish him well in his endeavors. I know Lee Health will continue to be caring people, in-spiring health. REFLECTING ON PRESIDENT TRUMP’S FIRST 100 DAYS HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, as you may know, this week marks the end of the first 100 days of the Trump Administration. It’s an important time to reflect on the legislative progress of a new President and the path for-ward for our country. Today, I’m disappointed to report that this President has broken every important promise that Candidate Trump made to the American people. As a Member of Congress, my top priority is to represent the best interests of my constitu-ents. When leaders from either party, Repub-lican or Democrat, propose REAL solutions to the challenges my constituents face, I want to work with them. So when President Trump said he had a plan to improve our healthcare system with more affordable ‘‘insurance for ev-erybody,’’ I was ready to see what he had to offer. When President Trump promised to cre-ate 25 million jobs across the country, I want-ed to see his plans on day one. When the President said he would restore a government by the people, I wanted to believe him. I am truly disappointed to report today that President Trump not only failed to follow through on any of his biggest promises, but he has failed to make any real effort to even ad-dress the big issues he promised to tackle. After 100 days in the White House, Presi-dent Trump has not put forth a single job-cre-ation bill. Instead of draining the swamp, President Trump has filled his cabinet with lobbyists and insiders. Instead of offering a healthcare plan to insure everybody, President Trump has proposed a plan that would elimi-nate insurance coverage for 24 million Ameri-cans. For Americans struggling to pay their bills or afford their health premiums, empty rhetoric is not going to cut it. Not when my constituents’ health, their jobs, and their futures are on the line. In the state of Alabama, ten hospitals have closed in the past six years as residents strug-gle to afford care for themselves and their families. When it comes to healthcare reform, the stakes for my constituents could not be higher. But instead of following through on his promise of healthcare for everybody, President Trump has pushed a plan in Congress that asks my constituents to pay more for less. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that TrumpCare would increase premium costs in some of the counties in my district by thou-sands of dollars. That’s not healthcare for ev-erybody—that’s healthcare for the privileged few. My district has a 10 percent unemployment rate. So when the President said he had a plan to create 25 million jobs over the next decade, the stakes, again, could not be high-er. But rather than helping to find employment for those Americans who want to rejoin our workforce, President Trump’s proposed budget slashes jobs training and guts funding for in-frastructure programs. I come from a district where most constitu-ents have never been to Washington, D.C. So when a candidate promises to bring their voice to our nation’s capital, it means something. But instead of working to drain the swamp, President Trump is leading the least trans-parent administration since the days of Rich-ard Nixon. Rather than opening up our democ-racy, President Trump has become the first President in decades to keep his tax returns hidden, leaving the public in the dark when it comes to any potential conflicts of interest. So what has President Trump’s administra-tion accomplished in its first 100 days in of-fice? In his budget, President Trump has pro-posed cutting programs that seniors rely on like Meals on Wheels, and he has eliminated programs our rural areas depend on for infra-structure investment like the Appalachian Re-gional Commission. In his first 100 days, President Trump has put the programs and policies most important to working families on the chopping block. I want the President to deliver on his promises to increase employment and reduce the cost of healthcare for everyone. But what our na-tion has witnessed so far is an assault on working families and policies that undermine our core democratic values. Mr. Speaker, as we mark the President’s first 100 days in office, I implore my col-leagues to put aside the empty promises and actually work with Democrats to put forth smart and sensible legislation that moves our country forward and benefits all Americans. I truly hope that after 100 days of broken prom-ises, this Administration will refocus its agenda on helping America’s families rather than Washington’s special interests. My constitu-ents can’t afford another three years of big talk and no action. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY SERGEANT (SGT) ANTHONY O’NEAL MAGEE 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen Mississippi soldier Army Sergeant (SGT) Anthony O’Neal Magee who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our nation on April 27, 2010, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. SGT Magee died at Landstul Regional Medical Center, Germany of wounds sustained at Forward Operating Base Kalsu, Iskandariyah. SGT Magee was wounded when enemy forces attacked his unit with indirect fire. SGT Magee, a Hattiesburg native, was as-signed to the Company A, 2nd Battalion, 69th Armor Regiment, 3rd Heavy Brigade Combat Team, 3rd Infantry Division, Fort Benning, Georgia. SGT Magee graduated from Hattiesburg High School in 2000. His ninth grade algebra teacher, Leisha Weathersby, shared with the Associated Press that he was a sincere, hard- working young man. ‘‘It was an honor to teach him, and I wish I had 101 students like him.’’ SGT Magee was married to Courtney Magee for two months prior to his death. ‘‘He was a great man with a big heart,’’ Courtney said to the Associated Press. ‘‘Whoever need-ed help, he was there to help them. He 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K28AP8.004 E28APPT1rfrederick on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE565 April 28, 2017 
touched a lot of people’s lives because he had such a big heart.’’ SGT Magee’s uncle, Dennis Davis, said he was one of the nicest young men with whom you would ever want to come in contact. At SGT Magee’s memorial service at For-ward Operating Base (FOB) Kalsu’s chapel, soldiers of the 3rd Heavy Brigade Combat Team, 3rd Infantry Division, gathered to re-member their fallen comrade. Colonel Robert Ashe, commander of the 2nd Battalion, 69th Armor Regiment, said tireless efforts were taken to save his life by other soldiers and later at the FOB Kalsu aid station. COL Ashe said his family members were able to say goodbye to SGT Magee because of this con-certed effort to save his life. Our nation is blessed to have soldiers like SGT Magee who bravely fought to protect America. 
f 
RECOGNIZING KING’S HAWAIIAN 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize King’s Hawaiian as Georgia’s 2017 Manufacturer of the Year. King’s Hawaiian joined the Hall County com-munity in 2011, and today employs 650 friends and neighbors at its Georgia facility. I have visited the King’s Hawaiian plant in Oakwood and can testify to its efficiency and professionalism. However, what struck me the most was the overarching culture of positivity and respect among King’s Hawaiian employ-ees. While the operation’s vision and growth both stand out from a business perspective, King’s Hawaiian has also become a community part-ner and leader in Hall County. King’s Hawaiian strongly supports Lanier Technical College and the Hall County School System. It invests in Leadership Hall and Youth Leadership Hall. Additionally, King’s Ha-waiian provides dinner rolls to several local charities and engages the community through a variety of events. Additionally, King’s Hawaiian continues to look for ways to maximize its positive pres-ence in Georgia, collaborating with our poultry industry and some of Georgia’s brightest agri-culture minds. For all of these reasons, King’s Hawaiian deserves the honor of being Georgia’s Manu-facturer of the Year, and I am proud that they call northeast Georgia home. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ST. JOHN PROVIDENCE HEALTH SYSTEM FOR BEING NAMED HUMANI-TARIAN OF THE YEAR 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize St. John Providence Health System for receiving the Chaldean American Chamber of Commerce’s Humanitarian of the Year Award. The physicians and staff of St. John Providence provide lifesaving medical care to southeast Michigan and the Chaldean commu-nity. Founded in 1999 after a merger of several local hospital systems, St. John Providence Health System operates four hospitals and 125 medical centers that collectively act as the largest provider of inpatient medical care in southeast Michigan. These facilities offer serv-ices including advanced treatments for cancer, neurological diseases and other specialized care. SJP also offers special assistance to im-prove the quality of care for the Chaldean community, including Arabic signage, cultural programming and Middle Eastern food op-tions. They also partner with Medical Emer-gency Relief for Christian Iraqis, an organiza-tion that provides medical services and sup-plies to Iraqi Christians in need. Additionally, SJP has collaborated extensively with the Chaldean American Association for Health Professionals, helping them sponsor con-tinuing medical education for medical profes-sionals and working with local churches to in-crease access to preventative care. St. John Providence Health System has pro-vided world-class medical care to the south-east Michigan community since its formation. Its comprehensive offering of advanced med-ical services, as well as its specialized out-reach to the wide variety of ethnic groups in southeast Michigan, has helped SJP’s hospital services and patient outcomes rank among the best in the country. Its unique approach to care allows it to continue serving the specific medical needs of Chaldeans and other pa-tients, and it is my hope that SJP and its affili-ates continue to be a model for healthcare de-livery to these groups in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring St. John Providence Health Sys-tem for its world-class healthcare and service it provides to southeast Michigan. SJP serves patients well through its suite of offerings in southeast Michigan. f 
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO COMMISSION A STATUE OF ELIE WIESEL TO BE PLACED IN THE CAPITOL 
HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of legislation I introduced earlier today with Congresswoman I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN to commission a statue or bust of Elie Wiesel to be installed in the Capitol. This legislation is especially timely as we commemorate Yom Ha’Shoah, Holocaust Re-membrance Day, this week. If enacted, this legislation would direct the Joint Committee on the Library to obtain a statue or bust of Elie Wiesel for placement in the United States Capitol. Elie Wiesel was born in Romania in 1928. In 1944, at the age of fifteen, Wiesel was de-ported to Auschwitz, and later to Buchenwald where he was released in April 1945. Following the war, Wiesel became a jour-nalist and wrote about his experiences during the Holocaust. His memoir, Night, has been translated into over 30 languages. Throughout his life, he fought vocally against indifference, intolerance, and injustice. Wiesel received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1986. Elie Wiesel was one of the greatest moral forces in the world. He was in the same class as Nelson Mandela, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and Mahatma Gandhi. Wiesel was brilliant, pure, honest, and courageous. I met Elie Wiesel when I was a Tennessee State Senator and he was honored at Vander-bilt. It was particularly special for me to meet Elie Wiesel as he was the inspiration for my passing legislation to create the Tennessee Holocaust Commission in 1984. Elie Wiesel made it his life’s work to remind and educate others on the horrors of the Holo-caust. He spent his life encouraging others to learn from this tragic chapter in the history of humanity. He continually told people to never forget. This addition to the Capitol would be a con-tinuous reminder to ‘‘never forget.’’ His voice was strong and is sorely missed. He was one of my heroes. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. f 
RECOGNIZING 75 YEARS OF THE KENNETT, MO BOARD OF PUBLIC WORKS 
HON. JASON SMITH 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. SMITH of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Kennett Board of Public Works 75th year of service as a municipally owned utility to the citizens of Kennett, Mis-souri. In Missouri’s Eighth Congressional Dis-trict we are thankful to have a public power utility that provides Electric, Natural Gas, Water, Sewer, Internet and Economic Devel-opment services to their customers. Throughout their 75 years, the Kennett Board of Public Works has made it their mis-sion to provide the best possible service at the lowest possible rates for their customers in the Bootheel. With the guidance of their wise and dedicated board members, along with the management of the utility, they have been very successful in accomplishing their mission. As we celebrate the Kennett Board of Public Works 75th year of service as a municipally owned utility to the citizens of Kennett, Mis-souri, it is my pleasure to recognize the orga-nization and their efforts before the House of Representatives and thank them for their com-mitment to their community in Missouri’s Bootheel. 
f 
HONORING BOB & RUTH LEWIS 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, as Young Israel of New Rochelle in my district celebrates its 50th Anniversary at its current location, there could not be a more fitting couple to honor at the celebration than Bob and Ruth Lewis. Ten years after its founding on Coligni Ave-nue in south New Rochelle, YINR moved to 1228 North Avenue in June 1967. One month later in July, 1967 Ruth and Bob joined that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28AP8.018 E28APPT1rfrederick on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE566 April 28, 2017 
small group of congregants and since their ar-rival, the Lewises have been a significant presence in our community. Early on, Ruth with Rita Steimmauer Schiller prepared Shabbos kiddush and Bob corralled Jewish passersby to complete the sparse Friday night and Shabbos morning minyanim. Ruth was the head and motivating force of the com-mittee for the formation of our eruv. Bob was a YINR vice president and a member of the search committee that hired Rabbi Fink. The Lewises have hosted the Bonnie Crest Friday night minyan since 1987. ‘‘Dr. Ruth’’, an inter-nist and renowned endocrinologist has con-sulted on many of the more complicated med-ical problems of our members. ‘Dr. Bob’, an OB-GYN, has delivered a number of the YINR offspring. Of all their accomplishments, the Lewises feel their greatest achievement has been their three daughters, Debbie, Adina, and Beth who have spent virtually their entire lives in New Rochelle and with their husbands have pro-duced their remarkable eleven grandchildren. Debbie with her husband David Isaac, and Adina with her husband, Lawrence Garbuz, following their parents’ example, have become valued, effective, respected members of our New Rochelle community. Beth and her hus-band, Yoel Greenbaum are highly thought of in their Teaneck community. Bob and Ruth have been cornerstones of the YINR and New Rochelle community, and their commitment to their family, friends, and fellow congregants is inspiring. On this special occasion, I want to take the opportunity to thank Bob and Ruth for all that they have done, and congratulate them on this wonderful and well deserved honor. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S TAX PLAN 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak for one minute on President Trump’s Tax Cut Plan, As a member of the House Budget Com-mittee, I would participate in any Committee’s markup of a tax reform bill, President Trump’s much anticipated tax plan is another disappointment; a poor work prod-uct; something he should have been ashamed to put his name on; and it reveals yet again what many warned about before the election, This tax plan would receive a failing grade in any school of business. A one page federal tax cut plan—really is an insult to the American People. This plan shows no command of the facts regarding our nation’s very complex tax sys-tem. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin set out a test for tax reform that, ‘‘there will be no ab-solute tax cut for the upper class.’’ But the president’s tax plan has failed this test miserably by providing a huge tax cut for the wealthy while middle income families would receive very little benefit. In fact, Trump’s tax plan provides a huge tax benefit for him personally. Using his 2005 tax return numbers, President Trump would save about $28.6 million in taxes under his plan. About $27 million of those savings is due to the reduction of the passthrough income rate to 15 percent. President Trump’s tax proposal blows a hole in the nation’s deficit. It’s become painfully obvious that the deficit only matters when a Democrat is President. The plan is not revenue neutral. In fact, early press reports indicate that the Trump proposal is likely to add several trillions of dollars to our deficit. Busting the deficit the way the Trump tax plan would do puts immediate pressure on our other obligations—including guaranteed Medi-care benefits. The President can’t pretend to protect Medi-care, then leave beneficiaries completely ex-posed by draining our coffers. For some context, these tax cuts could fund Medicare for the next 75 years or more. You have to question the priorities of the President—is he working to keep his promises to hardworking Americans, or is he aban-doning those promises in favor of enriching the wealthy. Democrats know that the Middle Class de-serves the tax cut, not Donald Trump and his Cabinet. We would focus on growing our economy from the middle out, instead of trickle-down economics from the top down. The middle class does not need to deal with the consequence of a massive tax cut for the wealthy. I ask my colleagues join me in opposing any burdensome tax cut plan that hurts working families. f 
REMOVAL OF DAVID PULPHUS’ PAINTING FROM THE CANNON TUNNEL 
SPEECH OF  
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, April 26, 2017 Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Rep. C
LAYfor hosting this important special order hour, and thank him for all his hard work on this very important issue over the past few months. As co-chair of the Congressional Arts Cau-cus, I wanted to share my appreciation this evening for David Pulphus and his artwork ‘‘Untitled #1’’ which won the Congressional Art Competition in Missouri’s 1st Congressional District, home to the city of St. Louis. David’s painting is a wonderful piece of art-work, a contribution that we will not soon for-get, and should still be hanging in the Capitol. As the great poet Langston Hughes once said ‘‘An artist must be free to choose what he does, certainly, but he must also never be afraid to do what he might choose.’’ David’s artwork strikes at the core of our na-tion. He bravely chose his subject and ex-pressed it in a beautiful and moving painting and it is my hope that he continue to express himself and his artwork without fear. In February I sent David a letter expressing my apologies that his painting was unfairly taken down from the halls of the Capitol. It is my sincere hope that this experience does not deter him, or other aspiring young artists, from future endeavors in the arts. Thank you Rep. CLAY for allowing me to speak tonight. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY STAFF SERGEANT (SSG) JEF-FREY FRANCIS DAYTON 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Staff Sergeant (SSG) Jeffrey Francis Dayton who paid the ul-timate sacrifice while defending our nation on April, 29, 2004, during Operation Iraqi Free-dom. SSG Dayton was one of eight soldiers killed by a car bomb as his unit was doing a dismounted improvised explosive device sweep in Baghdad, Iraq. SSG Dayton was assigned to the 4th Bat-talion, 27th Field Artillery Regiment, 1st Ar-mored Division, Baumholder, Germany. SSG Dayton entered the Army in February 1998. His family says SSG Dayton was always drawn to ‘‘all things Army.’’ He was the sixth child of Jim and Shelia Dayton. His nickname was ‘‘Six.’’ He had another nickname in the Army. Everyone in his unit called him ‘‘Sun-shine’’ because of his friendly disposition and upbeat personality. SSG Dayton’s brother, John Dayton, was serving with the Air Force in the Middle East at the time of his brother’s death. John imme-diately requested to leave his post to escort his little brother’s body home. He did not want his brother to make the long journey home alone. As John made his way with Jeffrey’s body through airports in Frankfurt, Germany, Atlanta, and Memphis, he was amazed at the outpouring of respect he received. He shared his story with Kevin Wood, author of an article on 40 Days of Honor, a blog initiated by the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal. ‘‘During the mission to escort my brother’s body back home, the most difficult of any mis-sion ever assigned to me, several people ap-proached me in airports and thanked me for my service,’’ John said. ‘‘I politely thanked them, but inside I felt hollow, and guilty. It just didn’t seem right that my little brother died protecting others and they were thanking me.’’ When SSG Dayton’s body arrived in Colum-bus, MS, the Columbus Police Department cleared the roads and posted an officer at each intersection. Each police officer saluted SSG Dayton. SSG Dayton is buried in Corinth, MS, in the closest military cemetery to his Caledonia home. Today, a monument stands in his honor as well in honor of SSGT Brian Freeman, who also gave his life to protect our freedoms. SSG Dayton is survived by his parents, James and Shelia Dayton, his wife Helen, and siblings; John and Jim Dayton, Joe Galbraith, Jay and Jeremy Dayton, and his sister, Jo-anna Gilford. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A28AP8.023 E28APPT1rfrederick on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE567 April 28, 2017 
HONORING ANDREW MALCOLM 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Andrew Malcolm, a long-time, talented member of my staff who transitions this week from my office after more than seven years of dedicated service to Oregon’s Second Con-gressional District. Growing up in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, An-drew earned a degree in politics from Prince-ton, where he graduated Summa Cum Laude in 2009. Throughout school he had a keen eye on politics. He served as a congressional page during high school and in college he in-terned in the George W. Bush White House. It was also at Princeton that he met his won-derful wife Liz and I was glad to be present for their wedding nearly two years ago in her home state of Illinois. Despite his East Coast upbringing, Andrew dove right into being an adopted Oregonian, answering those that asked, ‘‘I am not from Oregon, but I’ve spent a lot of time there.’’ This started early on when Andrew jumped at a short notice opportunity to spend a couple days in Central Oregon and get some in-dis-trict experience. Now the Congressional schedule is a bit fluid at times and those cou-ple days morphed into a couple weeks, while Liz was probably wondering if he’d gotten lost in the wilderness. It might have been the beautiful landscapes, or maybe the Oregon pinots, craft beer and Pendleton whiskey, but no matter the reason Andrew fell in love with all that Oregon has to offer and adopted it as his second home state. As an East Coaster learning the ways of the Pacific Northwest, it wasn’t all smooth sailing. In fact, much like the east coast ships cross-ing the Columbia bar for the first time, his ini-tial experience in Oregon’s fashion waters was a bit rough. Arriving to his interview in boat shoes, he quickly learned they were well out of the norm for Oregonians, and probably shouldn’t be seen in them around the district. Moving deftly past that faux pas, Andrew rose swiftly through the ranks in my office, from Legislative Correspondent and Legisla-tive Assistant, to Press Secretary and Deputy Chief of Staff. Along the way he’s helped con-tribute to some historic moments for Oregon and our nation. When Andrew’s first tour of duty out in Or-egon came to an end, we’d taken back the majority in the House. Andrew found himself in the middle of the action helping staff the tran-sition effort for House Republicans heading into the 112th Congress. Andrew also played an instrumental role last fall as we worked all the angles and were suc-cessful in achieving the chair of the Energy and Commerce Committee—a first in Oregon history. Perhaps the toughest work, however, was done daily. Dealing with the press on Capitol Hill is a challenging enough job, but there may be no more challenging job than being press secretary to a Member of Congress who was a press secretary to a Member of Congress. Andrew took this in stride, and tackled it with dedicated skill. Weighing in at over 70,000 square miles, Oregon’s Second District is vast and diverse. There are five distinct television markets cov-ered by nearly a dozen stations and numerous radio stations and newspapers. Reporters kept Andrew on his toes with questions on a wide range of policy issues. Whether we were working to put people back to work in the woods, or fighting for veterans’ access to the care they deserve, Andrew easily distilled complex policy down for the public, sometimes in as little as 140 characters. While Andrew is departing as a formal member of my staff, he will always be a val-ued member of Team Walden. We will miss his quick wit and dedicated intellect, but know they will continue to be an asset to him into the future. As Andrew moves on to the next stage of his professional career, I am reminded of a piece of advice from President Theodore Roo-sevelt. ‘‘Life is a great adventure . . . accept it in such a spirit.’’ Throughout his time in my office, Andrew has done just that. Jumping at opportunities and taking on new responsibil-ities with tenacity and a high degree of respect and appreciation for the work we do here in Congress, and the people we serve. Mr. Speaker, I invite my colleagues to join me in thanking Andrew for his dedication and service to the great state of Oregon and our nation, and wish him and Liz the very best of luck for the next chapter of their lives. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE HISTOR-ICAL MARKER DEDICATION OF THE OLD SMITH POINT SCHOOL-HOUSE/CHURCH 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate the Smith Point Community Church on its dedication as a new Texas Historical Marker. There is over one hundred years of church history wrapped up in what was once known as the ‘‘Old Smith Point Schoolhouse/Church.’’ The Old Smith Point Baptist Church was es-tablished in the late 1800’s by a group of pas-tors from the neighboring county that were concerned about the lack of a church in Chambers County. They agreed to be circuit pastors and take turns preaching under a stand of trees, where the church now stands. In 1937, the county built the building that is used as the current sanctuary, which served a multi-purpose as both a church and the first school in Chambers County. In 1948 the church reorganized and hired its first pastor, L.J. Hand who served the people of the Smith Point Community part time. In 1956, P.L. Smith was hired as the church’s first full time pastor. In 1960, the county sold the building to the church for one dollar and the promise that the church would build two public restrooms. At the same time, six lots of land right next to the building were gifted to the church by E.J. Rosenquest. The building was renovated, under then pastor J.R. Gibson, with additional classrooms and the public restrooms as prom-ised. The church wanted to build a parsonage for their pastor, but had no money or re-sources to do so. They prayed to God and asked him to provide everything they needed in order to get the parsonage built. Hurricane Carla occurred in 1961 literally raining wood and debris on Smith Point. Those pieces of wood from the hurricane were used to build the same parsonage that is still used today. In 2007, the church’s name was changed to Smith Point Community Church and still serves the residents of Chambers County with guidance by Reverend Michael K. Graves. There is an abundant amount of local his-tory and perseverance behind this church. I am proud to have such history in my District. Once again, I congratulate Smith Point Com-munity Church and its dedication as a new Texas Historical Marker. f 
IN MEMORY OF NHON H.T. NGUYEN 
HON. ALAN S. LOWENTHAL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, after a life of service to both the Republic of Vietnam and to the Vietnamese American community in Southern California, Nhon H.T. Nguyen passed away April 18, 2017 at the age of 91. Nhon was born in 1927 in Hue, Vietnam. She joined the military finance administration in 1950 and transferred to service at the Nguyen Tri Phuong Military Hospital in Hue in 1957, where she was eventually promoted to the rank of First Lieutenant. It was during her service at the hospital that she witnessed the sacrifices and loss of dis-abled soldiers, which motivated her to dedi-cate her life to serve disabled veterans, war widows, and children of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Vietnam. In 1967, Nhon transferred to the Women Military Institute and Training Center, where she rose to the rank of Captain and was ap-pointed to serving in the Women Military Bu-reau at the Joint General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Vietnam. Two years later, she was promoted to the rank of Major and named as the Head of the Research De-partment. In 1972, she transferred to the Re-public of Vietnam Air Force and was promoted to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. In early 1975, she was honored by the Re-public of Vietnam with the Knight Decoration of the National Order of Vietnam (De Ngu Dang Bao Quoc Huan Chuong) for her twenty- five years of service to the armed forces. Following the Fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975, the Communist government imprisoned her in numerous ‘‘re-education camps’’ such as Long Giao, Quang Trung, Hoc Mon, Z30D, Ham Tan, and Long Thanh, where she was forced to perform harsh labor for four years. In 1990, Nhon and her family resettled in the United States under the HO2 program (Humanitarian Operation), and they have been living in Orange County, California since. Shortly after arriving in the United States, she joined the Former Political Prisoners Mu-tual Assistance Association, providing help to resettle South Vietnam veterans to the U.S. In 1996, she joined the Republic of Vietnam Disabled Veterans and Widows Relief Asso-ciation as the Secretary General. After a dec-ade of service, she was unanimously elected President of the organization by all its mem-bers in 2006. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28AP8.027 E28APPT1rfrederick on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE568 April 28, 2017 
Under her leadership as President, the RVN Disabled Veterans and Widows Relief Asso-ciation, in partnership with SBTN and Asia En-tertainment, organized a total of ten ‘‘Cam On Anh’’ Benefit Concerts, with all of the pro-ceeds going toward assisting disabled South Vietnam veterans, widows and their children who are still in Vietnam. Along with her lifelong career of military and charitable service, Nhon was an outstanding Vietnamese Girl Scout and a Scout Leader, joining Girl Scouting in 1941. Despite the difficult circumstances during the war and being in military service, she al-ways lived her life embodying the Scouting values and helping younger Scouts whenever necessary. She also became a founding member and advisor in 2004 of the Lang Bach Hop Quang Te Scouters Association of Southern Cali-fornia. For her merits and contributions to the Viet-namese Scouting Movement, the International Central Committee of Vietnamese Scouting awarded Nhon the Bach Hop Medal in 2012 and the Bac Dau Medal in 2016—the two highest awards given by the organization. When asked in a 2011 interview what moti-vated her to continue her volunteer work to support disabled RVN veterans in Vietnam, she said ‘‘I feel happy when I am able to join the Vietnamese community and organizations in organizing the Cam On Anh Benefit Concert because of the fraternal love and brotherhood. As soldiers, that sentiment is very strong. I imagine the happy moment when they receive our assistance, when their children have a lit-tle bit more to eat, to wear, and their family feels a little bit more warmhearted when they see fellow compatriots overseas are still think-ing of them and their sacrifices.’’ Nhon is survived by her children, grand-children, and great grandchildren. 
f 
CONGRATULATING RICHARD ‘‘RICK’’ LEDGETT ON HIS RE-TIREMENT AS THE DEPUTY DI-RECTOR OF THE NATIONAL SE-CURITY AGENCY 
HON. DEVIN NUNES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Ranking Member S
CHIFF and myself, I rise today to congratulate Richard ‘‘Rick’’ Ledgett on his retirement as the Deputy Director of the National Security Agency (NSA). With 40 years of government service, Rick has dedicatedly served his country, the NSA, and the Intelligence Community. Before beginning his tenure at the NSA, Rick spent 11 years in the United States Army working as a SIGINTer. At the NSA for the past 29 years, Rick has held a variety of operational, management, and technical leadership positions, including director of the agency’s Threat Operations Center (NTOC) from 2012–2013 and most re-cently, serving as the agency’s Deputy Direc-tor. Prior to his appointment at NTOC, Rick served in both the collection and cyber mis-sion areas of the Office of the Director of Na-tional Intelligence and was appointed as the DNI’s first National Intelligence Manager for cyber. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the House Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence, we would like to wish Rick Ledgett happiness, success, and good health as he begins retire-ment and to thank him for his service to his country, the NSA, and the U.S. Intelligence Community. Rick, best wishes on your retire-ment. f 
RECOGNIZING THE DILLARD HOUSE 100TH ANNIVERSARY IN DILLARD, GEORGIA 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th Anniversary of the Dillard House Restaurant and Inn. This milestone is a testament to the hard work and dedication of the Dillard family, who have owned and operated the charming mountain escape since the early nineteenth century. The Dillard House has served travelers and locals alike by providing a dynamic getaway experience, with farm-to-table dining, outdoor family recreation, beautiful vineyards, and breathtaking views. The Dillard family first came to Georgia in 1794 and played an integral role in the early development and success of Dillard, Georgia. By contributing to an array of businesses and even lending its name to the Town, the Dillard family has stood as a pillar of the community generation after generation. The Dillard House is a unique piece of his-tory that continues to expand, accommodating larger groups and providing more activities, while remaining loyal to its northeast Georgia roots. The Dillard family embodies the true meaning of southern hospitality and has served hundreds of thousands of patrons throughout the last century. Over the years, the Dillard House has become a landmark es-tablishment in the Ninth District and the pre-miere northeast Georgia dining experience. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to celebrate with the Dillard family and to recognize their suc-cess before you today. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF VICTOR SAROKI FOR BEING NAMED THE CHALDEAN AMERICAN BUSINESS PERSON OF THE YEAR 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Victor Saroki for being named the Chaldean American Business Person of the Year by the Chaldean American Chamber of Commerce. Mr. Saroki is a renowned architect who has helped design and restore many of the iconic buildings in southeast Michigan. After graduating from Lawrence Techno-logical University, Mr. Saroki founded Saroki Architecture with his wife Michelle in 1983. The firm, based out of Birmingham, Michigan, has established a reputation as an exceptional architecture and interiors firm as a result of its successful work on high-profile projects in southeast Michigan. Under Mr. Saroki’s lead-ership, the firm has designed the expansion of the Townsend Hotel in Birmingham, ABC Har-ley-Davidson and St. Thomas Chaldean Catholic Church. These projects have been met with widespread acclaim and have helped earn the firm more than 60 design awards. Additionally, Mr. Saroki is active in the com-munity, having served on numerous nonprofits and community associations. Mr. Saroki’s entrepreneurship and leader-ship has been instrumental in helping strengthen the southeast Michigan community. His firm has received numerous plaudits for its work, having been named the 2007 Firm of the Year Award by the American Institute of Architects’ Michigan chapter, as well as re-ceiving recognition from the Construction Insti-tute of Michigan and numerous Birmingham Historic Preservation Awards. Additionally, Mr. Saroki has also been named to the American Institute of Architects’ College of Fellows. This widespread recognition is a testament to the high quality of Mr. Saroki’s architecture and designs. Mr. Saroki’s work with the community at large has also been impactful. As a board member of the Chaldean Community Cultural Center and other civic groups, his work has played an important role in improving the qual-ity of life for the Chaldean community. These accomplishments are worthy of recognition, and it is my hope that Mr. Saroki and his firm continue their excellent work in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Victor Saroki for receiving the Chaldean American Business Person of the Year. His distinguished career and community activism have served southeast Michigan well. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote numbers 229, 230, 231, 232, 233, 234. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on vote 231, 232 and 233. I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on votes 229, 230 and 234. 
f 
HONORING SUSAN LURIE 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, April 28, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a member of the community who has been instrumental in the success of the West-chester Jewish Center for many years, Susan Lurie. The WJC is honoring Susan at their 66th Annual Spring Gala this year, and I can-not think of a more deserving honoree. Susan has been part of the Larchmont/Ma-maroneck community for over 30 years. She became Executive Director of the Westchester Jewish Center 16 years ago after receiving a call from a congregant at WJC who was on the search committee for a new director there. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28AP8.028 E28APPT1rfrederick on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE569 April 28, 2017 
What has kept Susan at WJC for all this time has been the interesting and diverse work; but even more than that has been the relation-ships and the feeling of home and family for so many congregants. Susan has been involved in every facet of WJC life. Over the years, Susan and the WJC leaders have worked together implementing innovative methods and programs such as a major building campaign and construction and the development of a strategic plan to make the many segments of synagogue life more engaging and responsive to the needs of its congregants. As a face of WJC, Susan is always warm and welcoming. After 16 years Susan has de-cided to retire and she reports with great pleasure about all the congregants that have come by to see her since the announcement was made. On this special occasion, I want to take a moment to thank Susan for all of her amazing work and congratulate her on this wonderful honor. It’s much deserved. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:52 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A28AP8.033 E28APPT1rfrederick on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D466 Friday, April 28, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.J. Res. 99, Further Continuing Appropriations. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2633–S2639 Measures Introduced: Two bills were introduced, as follows: S. 989–990.
                                           Page S2636 
Measures Passed: Further Continuing Appropriations: Senate passed H.J. Res. 99, making further continuing ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017.
               Pages S2634–35 
Clayton Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a Member of the Securities and Ex-change Commission.
                                                 Page S2635 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Executive Session to consider the nomination.
                                                          Page S2635 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Friday, April 28, 2017, a vote on clo-ture will occur at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, May 1, 2017.
                                                                                Page S2635 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, May 1, 2017, Senate resume consideration of the nomination.
                                                                  Page S2637 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Ryan Dean Newman, of New Mexico, to be Gen-eral Counsel of the Department of the Army. David Joel Trachtenberg, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense. Pamela Hughes Patenaude, of New Hampshire, to be Deputy Secretary of Housing and Urban Develop-ment. Mira Radielovic Ricardel, of California, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Adminis-tration. David Bernhardt, of Virginia, to be Deputy Sec-retary of the Interior.                                               Page S2639 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S2635 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S2635 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2635–36 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2636–37 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: Additional Statements: Adjournment: Senate convened at 11 a.m. and ad-journed at 12:26 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, May 1, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2637.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28AP7.REC D28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D467 April 28, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 35 pub-lic bills, H.R. 2223–2257; and 6 resolutions, H. Res. 293–298 were introduced.
                 Pages H2970–72 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2973–74 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 1644, to enhance sanctions with respect to transactions relating to North Korea, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–98, Part 1); H.R. 1665, to ensure that Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency considers severe local impact in making a recommendation to the President for a major disaster declaration, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–99); H.R. 1678, to amend the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act con-cerning the statute of limitations for actions to re-cover disaster or emergency assistance payments, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–100); and H.R. 1180, to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide compensatory time for em-ployees in the private sector, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–101).
                                                Page H2970 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                Pages H2945, H2958 
Making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017: The House passed H.J. Res. 99, making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2017, by a yea-and-nay vote of 382 yeas to 30 nays, Roll No. 236.
                                          Pages H2955–58 
H. Res. 289, the rule providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 99) was agreed to by a yea-and-nay vote of 235 yeas to 178 nays, Roll No. 235, after the previous question was ordered without objection.
                                             Pages H2947–55 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, May 1st for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                             Page H2959 
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate today appears on page H2967. Senate Referral: S. Con. Res. 14 was referred to the Committee on House Administration.
           Page H2967 
Quorum Calls Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes devel-oped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2954–55, H2957–58. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 1:09 p.m. Committee Meetings 
A LEGISLATIVE PROPOSAL TO CREATE HOPE AND OPPORTUNITY FOR INVESTORS, CONSUMERS, AND ENTREPRENEURS Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee con-cluded a hearing entitled ‘‘A Legislative Proposal to Create Hope and Opportunity for Investors, Con-sumers, and Entrepreneurs’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, MAY 1, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 1180, the ‘‘Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of May 1 through May 5, 2017 Senate Chamber On Monday, Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 5:30 p.m. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: May 2, Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine United States Eu-ropean Command, focusing on theater assessment and Eu-ropean Reassurance Initiative (ERI) progress; to be imme-diately following by a closed hearing in SVC–217, 2:30 p.m., SD–124. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28AP7.REC D28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD468 April 28, 2017 May 3, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold hearings to examine defense innovation and research funding, 10:30 a.m., SD–192. May 4, Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine telemedicine in the Department of Veterans Affairs, focusing on leveraging technology to increase ac-cess, improve health outcomes, and lower costs, 10:30 a.m., SD–124. Committee on Armed Services: May 2, to hold hearings to examine United States Transportation Command, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. May 3, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capa-bilities, to hold hearings to examine Department of De-fense laboratories and their contributions to military oper-ations and readiness, 10 a.m., SR–222. May 3, Subcommittee on Personnel, to hold hearings to examine building a flexible personnel system (F.A.S.T. Force) for a modern military, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. May 4, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine United States Special Operations Command, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: May 2, to hold hearings to examine the United States-Euro-pean Union covered agreement, 10 a.m., SD–538. May 4, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine reauthorization of the National Flood Insurance Program, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on the Budget: May 3, to hold hearings to ex-amine the economy and private sector growth, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: May 3, to hold hearings to examine investing in America’s broadband infrastructure, focusing on exploring ways to reduce barriers to deployment, 10 a.m., SR–253. May 4, Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Security, to hold hearings to examine questions, an-swers, and perspectives on the current state of airline travel, 10:30 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: May 2, to hold an oversight hearing to examine federal payments to local governments provided through the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self Determination Act and the Payment in Lieu of Taxes program and the need to pro-vide greater fiscal certainty for resource-dependent com-munities with tax-exempt federal lands, 10 a.m., SD–366. May 4, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the threat posed by electromagnetic pulse and policy op-tions to protect energy infrastructure and to improve ca-pabilities for adequate system restoration, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: May 3, to hold hearings to examine infrastructure project stream-lining and efficiency, focusing on achieving faster, better, and cheaper results, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: May 2, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Terry Branstad, of Iowa, to be Ambassador to the People’s Republic of China, De-partment of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. May 3, Subcommittee on Multilateral International Development, Multilateral Institutions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environmental Policy, to hold hearings to examine global philanthropy and remittances and international development, 10 a.m., SD–419. May 4, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine international development, focusing on value added through private sector engagement, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on the Judiciary: May 2, to hold hearings to examine responses to the increase in religious hate crimes, 10:30 a.m., SD–226. May 3, Full Committee, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Bureau of Investigation, 10 a.m., SD–226. May 4, Full Committee, business meeting to consider pending calendar business, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: May 4, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Appropriations, May 3, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies, over-sight hearing on the 2020 Census, 10:30 a.m., H–309 Capitol. May 3, Subcommittee on Energy and Water Develop-ment, and Related Agencies, hearing for public witnesses, 10:30 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. May 3, Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, hearing for Members of Congress and outside witnesses, 10 a.m., HT–2, Capitol. May 3, Subcommittee on Military Construction, Vet-erans Affairs and Related Agencies, hearing on the 2018 Veterans Affairs budget, 10 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. May 3, Subcommittee on Financial Services and Gen-eral Government, oversight hearing on the Internal Rev-enue Service, 1 p.m., 2362–A Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, May 2, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Three Decades Later: A Review and Assessment of Our Special Operations Forces 30–Years After the Creation of U.S. Special Operations Command’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Ray-burn. May 2, Subcommittee on Military Personnel, hearing entitled ‘‘Overview of the Annual Report on Sexual Har-assment and Violence at the Military Service Academies’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. May 3, Subcommittee on Seapower & Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Littoral Combat Ships and the Transition to Frigate Class’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, May 3, Full Committee, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Failures of Fiscal Management: a View from the Comptroller General’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Energy and Commerce, May 2, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Improvements to the Regulation of Medical Technologies’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. May 2, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Combating Waste, Fraud, and Abuse in Medicaid’s Personal Care Services Program’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28AP7.REC D28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D469 April 28, 2017 May 3, Subcommittee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislation Addressing Pipeline and Hydropower Infra-structure Modernization’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, May 2, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 10, the ‘‘Financial CHOICE Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, May 2, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Winning the Fight Against Human Trafficking: The Frederick Doug-lass Reauthorization Act’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. May 3, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1625, the ‘‘Targeted Rewards for the Global Eradication of Human Trafficking Act’’; H.R. 1677, the ‘‘Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2200, the ‘‘Frederick Douglass Trafficking Victims Prevention and Protection Reauthorization Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, May 3, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 625, the ‘‘Reporting Efficiently to Prop-er Officials in Response to Terrorism Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1351, the ‘‘Strengthening Oversight of TSA Employee Misconduct Act’’; H.R. 2131, the ‘‘Fixing Internal Re-sponse to Misconduct Act’’; H.R. 2132, the ‘‘Traveler Re-dress Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2169, the ‘‘Im-proving Fusion Centers’ Access to Information Act’’; H.R. 2188, the ‘‘Community Counterterrorism Preparedness Act’’; H.R. 2190, the ‘‘Streamlining DHS Overhead Act’’; H.R. 2213, the ‘‘Anti-Border Corruption Reauthor-ization Act of 2017’’; the ‘‘Department of Homeland Se-curity Morale, Recognition, Learning and Engagement Act of 2017’’; the ‘‘Border Enforcement Security Task Force Reauthorization Act of 2017’’, 10:30 a.m., HVC–210. May 3, Task Force on Denying Terrorists Entry into the United States, hearing entitled ‘‘Denying Terrorists Entry to the United States: Examining Visa Security’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee On Natural Resources, May 2, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Con-sequences of Executive Branch Overreach of the Antiq-uities Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. May 3, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing entitled ‘‘The Challenges of Keeping Hydropower Affordable and Opportunities for New Development’’, 2:30 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, May 2, Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘Modernizing Govern-ment Technology Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2196, to amend title 5, United States Code, to allow whistleblowers to disclose information to certain recipients; H.R. 2195, the ‘‘OSC Access Act’’; and the ‘‘All Circuit Review Act’’, 10:30 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. May 2, Subcommittee on the Interior, Energy and En-vironment, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Management of Red Snapper Fishing in the Gulf of Mexico’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. May 3, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the FAFSA Data Breach’’, 9:30 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. May 4, Subcommittee on Health Care, Benefits, and Administrative Rules; and Subcommittee on Government Operations, joint hearing entitled, ‘‘Examining a Church’s Right to Free Speech’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, May 1, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 1180, the ‘‘Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, May 2, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 2105, the ‘‘NIST Small Business Cybersecurity Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Ray-burn. May 3, Subcommittee on Energy, hearing entitled ‘‘Oil and Gas Technology Innovation’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Ray-burn. Committee on Small Business, May 3, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Empowering Small Businesses: The Ac-celerator Model’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. May 4, Subcommittee on Contracting and Workforce; and Subcommittee on Research and Technology of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, joint hear-ing entitled ‘‘Improving the Small Business Innovation Research and Small Business Technology Transfer Pro-grams’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, May 2, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of U.S. Air-line Customer Service’’, 9:30 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. May 3, Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation, hearing entitled ‘‘Maritime Transpor-tation Regulatory Issues’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, May 2, Full Committee, hearing on the ‘‘Veterans Appeals Improvement and Mod-ernization Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. May 2, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘VA Specialized Services: Lower Extremity Conditions’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, May 4, Full Committee, hearing on ongoing intelligence activities, 1 p.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
Joint Meetings 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: May 2, to receive a briefing on post-referendum Turkey, focusing on institutions and human rights, 10:30 a.m., 2255, Ray-burn Building. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28AP7.REC D28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD470 April 28, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, May 1 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomi-nation at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Monday, May 1 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E567 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E561 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E565 Collins, Doug, Ga., E565, E568 Costa, Jim, Calif., E560 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E561 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E565, E568 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E560, E563, E565, E568 Hartzler, Vicky, Mo., E562 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E563 Hoyer, Steny H., Md., E562 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E562 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E559 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E566 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E559, E560, E561, E562, E564, E566 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E563 Lowenthal, Alan S., Calif., E567 Nunes, Devin, Calif., E568 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E561 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E564 Schakowsky, Janice D., Ill., E560 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E559 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E564 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E566, E568 Smith, Jason, Mo., E559, E565 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E563 Walden, Greg, Ore., E567 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E559 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Apr 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D28AP7.REC D28APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST