Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H691 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JANUARY 27, 2017 No. 14 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 2 p.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ESSER ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, January 27, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable L
UKE M
ESSER to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
PRAYER Reverend Dr. Scott Wilson, Capitol Hill Presbyterian Church, Washington, D.C., offered the following prayer: Our gracious God, we come today with thanks and gratitude for Your presence, with thanks for this beautiful land we call home, and with thanks for Your guidance as we seek to serve our fellow citizens. We ask Your blessings for all of those who choose to take up the difficult task of governing, not only those who are elected, but also those who serve as staffers, interns, and volunteers. Strengthen all of us and help us to show forth the fruits of Your spirit of love, joy, peace, and generosity as we go about our work. Grant us a spirit of compassion and cooperation. May the peace that passes all under-standing guide our hearts and minds in the days to come. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. The SPEAKER pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO THE BRITISH-AMERICAN INTER-PARLIAMENTARY GROUP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 276l, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Members on the part of the House to the British-Amer-ican Interparliamentary Group: Mr. H
OLDING , North Carolina, Chair-man Mr. H
ILL, Arkansas Mr. L
ATTA , Ohio Mr. A
DERHOLT , Alabama Mr. R
OE, Tennessee 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO THE UNITED STATES GROUP OF THE NATO PARLIAMENTARY AS-SEMBLY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 1928a, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Members on the part of the House to the United States Group of the NATO Parliamentary As-sembly: Mr. T
URNER , Ohio, Chairman Mr. J
OHNSON , Ohio Mr. M
ARINO , Pennsylvania Mr. G
UTHRIE , Kentucky Mr. C
OOK, California Mr. K
INZINGER , Illinois Mr. S
HIMKUS , Illinois APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO THE HOUSE COMMISSION ON CONGRESSIONAL MAILING STANDARDS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 501(b), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Members to the House Commission on Congressional Mailing Standards: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS, Illinois, Chair-man Mr. L
ATTA , Ohio Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Virginia 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO THE BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to sections 5580 and 5581 of the revised statutes (20 U.S.C. 42–43), and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the fol-lowing Members on the part of the House to the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON , Texas Mr. C
OLE, Oklahoma 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO THE COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 3003, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Members on the part of the House to the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Mr. S
MITH, New Jersey, Co-Chairman Mr. A
DERHOLT , Alabama Mr. B
URGESS , Texas Mr. H
ULTGREN , Illinois Mr. H
UDSON , North Carolina 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Jan 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JA7.000 H27JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH692 January 27, 2017 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO SERVE AS CO-CHAIR OF TOM LANTOS HUMAN RIGHTS COM-MISSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 4(b) of House Resolution 5, 115th Congress, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Member to serve as Co-Chair of the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission: Mr. H
ULTGREN , Illinois 
f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO THE HOUSE DEMOCRACY PART-NERSHIP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s ap-pointment, pursuant to section 4(a) of House Resolution 5, 115th Congress, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Member to the House Democracy Partnership: Mr. R
OSKAM , Illinois, Chairman 
f 
PUBLICATION OF COMMITTEE RULES 
RULES OF THE COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS  
FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, as required by clause 2(a) of House rule XI, I re-spectfully submit for the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD the rules of the Committee on For-eign Affairs, which were adopted at a public meeting of the Committee on January 24, 2017. 
1. GENERAL PROVISIONS  (a) The Rules of the House of Representa-tives, and in particular, the committee rules enumerated in clause 2 of rule XI, are the rules of the Committee on Foreign Affairs (hereafter referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’), to the extent applicable. (b) A motion to recess and a motion to dis-pense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or resolution, if printed copies are available, are privileged non-debatable motions in Committee. (c) The Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs shall consult the Ranking Minority Member to the extent possible with respect to the business of the Committee. Each subcommittee of the Committee is a part of the Committee and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee and to its rules, to the extent applicable. 
2. DATE OF MEETING  The regular meeting date of the Com-mittee shall be the first Tuesday of every month when the House of Representatives is in session pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XI of the House of Representatives. Additional meetings may be called by the Chairman as the Chairman may deem necessary or at the request of a majority of the Members of the Committee in accordance with clause 2(c) of rule XI of the House of Representatives. The determination of the business to be consid-ered at each meeting shall be made by the Chairman subject to clause 2(c) of rule XI of the House of Representatives. A regularly scheduled meeting need not be held if, in the judgment of the Chairman, there is no busi-ness to be considered. 
3. QUORUM  For purposes of taking testimony and re-ceiving evidence, two Members shall con-stitute a quorum, and the Chairman of the full Committee or a subcommittee shall make every effort to ensure that the rel-evant Ranking Minority Member or another Minority Member is present at the time a hearing is convened. One-third of the Mem-bers of the Committee or subcommittee shall constitute a quorum for taking any action, except: (1) reporting a measure or rec-ommendation; (2) closing Committee meet-ings and hearings to the public; (3) author-izing the issuance of subpoenas; and (4) any other action for which an actual majority quorum is required by any rule of the House of Representatives or by law. No measure or recommendation shall be reported to the House of Representatives unless a majority of the Committee is actually present. No measure or recommendation shall be re-ported to the full Committee by a sub-committee unless half of the subcommittee is actually present. A record vote may be de-manded by one-fifth of the Members present or, in the apparent absence of a quorum, by any one Member. 4. MEETINGS AND HEARINGS OPEN TO THE  
PUBLIC  (a) Meetings (1) Each meeting for the transaction of business, including the markup of legisla-tion, of the Committee or a subcommittee shall be open to the public except when the Committee or subcommittee, in open session and with a majority present, determines by record vote that all or part of the remainder of the meeting on that day shall be closed to the public, because disclosure of matters to be considered would endanger national secu-rity, would compromise sensitive law en-forcement information, or would tend to de-fame, degrade or incriminate any person or otherwise violate any labor rule of the House of Representatives. No person other than Members of the Committee and such con-gressional staff and departmental represent-atives as the Committee or subcommittee may authorize shall be present at any busi-ness or markup session which has been closed to the public. This subsection does not apply to open Committee hearings which are provided for by subsection (b) of this rule. (2) The Chairman of the full Committee or a subcommittee may postpone further pro-ceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving any measure or mat-ter, or adopting an amendment. The relevant Chairman may resume proceedings on a post-poned request at any time. When exercising postponement authority, the relevant Chair-man shall take all reasonable steps nec-essary to notify Members on the resumption of proceedings on any postponed record vote. When proceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an under-lying proposition shall remain subject to fur-ther debate or amendment to the same ex-tent as when the question was postponed. (b) Hearings (1) Each hearing conducted by the Com-mittee or a subcommittee shall be open to the public except when the Committee or subcommittee, in open session and with a majority present, determines by record vote that all or part of the remainder of that hearing on that day should be closed to the public because disclosure of testimony, evi-dence or other matters to be considered would endanger the national security, would compromise sensitive law enforcement infor-mation, or otherwise would violate any law or rule of the House of Representatives. Not-withstanding the preceding sentence, a ma-jority of those present, there being in at-tendance the requisite number required under the rules of the Committee to be present for the purpose of taking testi-mony— (A) may vote to close the hearing for the sole purpose of discussing whether testimony or evidence to be received would endanger the national security, would compromise sensitive law enforcement information, or violate paragraph (2) of this subsection; or (B) may vote to close the hearing, as pro-vided in paragraph (2) of this subsection. (2) Whenever it is asserted by a Member of the Committee that the evidence or testi-mony at a hearing may tend to defame, de-grade, or incriminate any person, or it is as-serted by a witness that the evidence or tes-timony that the witness would give at a hearing may tend to defame, degrade, or in-criminate the witness— (A) such testimony or evidence shall be presented in executive session, notwith-standing the provisions of paragraph (1) of this subsection, if by a majority of those present, there being in attendance the req-uisite number required under the rules of the Committee to be present for the purpose of taking testimony, the Committee or sub-committee determines that such evidence or testimony may tend to defame, degrade, or incriminate any person; and (B) the Committee or subcommittee shall proceed to receive such testimony in open session only if the Committee, a majority being present, determines that such evidence or testimony will not tend to defame, de-grade, or incriminate any person. (3) No Member of the House of Representa-tives may be excluded from non- participatory attendance at any hearing of the Committee or a subcommittee unless the House of Representatives has by majority vote authorized the Committee or sub-committee, for purposes of a particular se-ries of hearings, on a particular article of legislation or on a particular subject of in-vestigation, to close its hearings to Members by the same procedures designated in this subsection for closing hearings to the public. (4) A Member of the House of Representa-tives who is not a Member of the Committee may not be recognized to participate in a Committee or Subcommittee hearing except by the unanimous consent of Committee Members present at such hearing. Participatory recognition of a non-Com-mittee Member shall occur only after all Committee Members seeking recognition, both majority and minority, have had their opportunity to participate and question any witnesses. (5) The Committee or a subcommittee may by the procedure designated in this sub-section vote to close one (1) subsequent day of hearing. (6) No congressional staff shall be present at any meeting or hearing of the Committee or a subcommittee that has been closed to the public, and at which classified informa-tion will be involved, unless such person is authorized access to such classified informa-tion in accordance with rule XX of the House of Representatives. 
5. CONVENING HEARINGS AND MARKUPS  (a) Hearings. Public announcement shall be made of the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing to be conducted by the Com-mittee or a subcommittee at the earliest possible date, and in any event at least one (1) week before the commencement of that hearing. If the Chairman of the full Com-mittee or a subcommittee, with the concur-rence of the relevant Ranking Minority Member, determines that there is good cause to begin a hearing sooner, or if the Com-mittee or subcommittee so determines by majority vote in the presence of the number of members required under the rules of the Committee for the taking of action, the Chairman of the full Committee, if concur-ring, shall make the announcement at the earliest possible date. No change shall be made to a publicly announced hearing title 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K27JA7.003 H27JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H693 January 27, 2017 
until after consultation with the relevant Ranking Minority Member and notice to pre-viously announced witnesses. (b) Markups and Other Meetings to Trans-act Business (1) Convening. The Chairman of the full Committee or a subcommittee may call or convene, as the relevant Chairman considers necessary, meetings of the Committee or subcommittee for the consideration of a bill or resolution pending before the Committee or subcommittee, as the case may be, or for the conduct of other Committee or sub-committee business. (2) Notice. Public announcement shall be made by the Chairman of the full Committee of the date, place, and subject matter of any markup or other meeting to conduct busi-ness at the earliest possible date, and in any event at least one (1) week before the com-mencement of such markup or meeting, un-less the relevant Chairman determines, in consultation with the relevant Ranking Mi-nority Member, that there is good cause to begin such a markup or meeting on an ear-lier date. If such determination is made, the Chairman of the full Committee, if concur-ring in that determination, shall make the announcement at the earliest possible date. (3) Agenda and Texts. The relevant Chair-man shall provide to all Committee or sub-committee Members an agenda for each Committee and subcommittee markup or other meeting to transact business, setting out all items of business to be considered, in-cluding whenever possible a copy of any measure scheduled for markup, at least 48 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays) before the meeting. Bills on subjects not listed on such agenda shall be subject to a point of order unless their consideration is agreed to by a two- thirds vote of the Committee or sub-committee, or by the Chairman of the full Committee with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member. The text of any measure to be marked up shall be made pub-licly available in electronic form at least 24 hours prior to the commencement of the markup meeting, or at the time of an an-nouncement under subparagraph (b)(2) made within 24 hours before such meeting. (c) Publication. Public announcement of all hearings and markups shall be published in the Daily Digest portion of the Congres-sional Record and made publicly available in electronic form, Members shall be notified by the Staff Director of all meetings (includ-ing markups and hearings) and briefings of subcommittees and of the full Committee. (d) Member Seating. During Committee and subcommittee hearings and markups, chairs on the dais are for Members. No staff member other than a Committee or sub-committee staff director, counsel, or profes-sional staff member may occupy a chair on the dais, unless authorized by the Chairman of the full Committee, after consultation with the Ranking Member of the Full Com-mittee. Only one staff member each from the majority and the minority may occupy chairs on the dais at any time during a hear-ing or markup. 
6. WITNESSES  (a) Interrogation of Witnesses (1) In so far as practicable, witnesses shall be permitted to present their oral state-ments without interruption subject to rea-sonable time constraints imposed by the Chairman of the full Committee or a sub-committee, with questioning by the Com-mittee Members taking place afterward. Members should refrain from questions until such statements are completed. (2) In recognizing Members, the relevant Chairman shall, to the extent practicable, give preference to the Members on the basis of their arrival at the hearing, taking into consideration the majority and minority ratio of the Members actually present. A Member desiring to speak or ask a question shall address the relevant Chairman and not the witness. (3) Subject to paragraph (4), each Member may interrogate the witness for 5 minutes, the reply of the witness being included in the 5-minute period. After all Members have had an opportunity to ask questions, the round shall begin again under the 5-minute rule. (4) Notwithstanding paragraph (3), the rel-evant Chairman, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, may permit one (1) or more majority Members of the Com-mittee designated by the relevant Chairman to question a witness for a specified period of not longer than 30 minutes. On such occa-sions, an equal number of minority Members of the Committee designated by the Ranking Minority Member shall be permitted to ques-tion the same witness for the same period of time. Committee staff may be permitted to question a witness for equal specified periods either with the concurrence of the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the full Committee or by motion. However, in no case may questioning by Committee staff proceed before each Member of the Com-mittee who wishes to speak under the 5- minute rule has had one opportunity to do so. (b) Testimony of Witnesses (1) Advance Filing Requirement. Each wit-ness who is to appear before the Committee or a subcommittee is required to file testi-mony with the Committee or subcommittee at least two (2) business days in advance of that appearance. For purposes of this sub-section, testimony includes the written statement of a witness, as well as any video, photographs, audio-visual matter, posters, or other supporting materials that the witness intends to present or display before the Com-mittee. Such testimony should be provided in electronic form to the extent practicable. The Committee or subcommittee shall notify Members at least two business days in ad-vance of a hearing of the availability of tes-timony submitted by witnesses. In addition, each witness shall provide sufficient copies, as determined by the Chairman of the full Committee or a subcommittee, of his or her proposed written statement to be provided to Members and staff of the Committee or sub-committee, the news media, and the general public. The text of the written statement provided pursuant to this paragraph shall be considered final, and may not be revised by the witness after the Committee meeting at which the witness appears. (2) Witness Preclusion and Waiver. The re-quirements of paragraph (1) or any part thereof may be waived by the Chairman of the full Committee or a subcommittee, or the presiding Member, or the Ranking Mem-ber of the Committee or subcommittee as it relates to witnesses who are called by the minority to testify, provided that the wit-ness or the relevant Chairman or Ranking Minority Member has submitted, prior to the witness’s appearance, a written explanation to the reasons testimony has not been made available to the Committee or sub-committee. If a witness who is not an official of the U.S. Government has not submitted testimony as required by paragraph (1) and no such written explanation has been sub-mitted, the witness shall be released from testifying unless a majority of the Com-mittee or subcommittee votes to accept his or her testimony. (3) Remote Witness Participation. The Chairman of the full Committee or a sub-committee shall promptly, and not later than 48 hours beforehand if possible, notify the relevant Ranking Member of any witness who is likely to present testimony other than in person, such as by videoconference. A witness may not testify via telephone or other audio-only medium without the con-currence of the Chairman and Ranking Mem-ber of the Committee or subcommittee. The relevant Chairman shall make reasonable ef-forts to verify the identity of any witness participating remotely. (4) ‘Truth In Testimony’ Disclosure. In the case of a witness appearing in a nongovern-mental capacity, a written statement of pro-posed testimony shall, to the extent prac-ticable, include: a curriculum vitae; a disclo-sure of the amount and source of any Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof), or of any contract or payment originating with a foreign govern-ment, received during the current fiscal year or either of the two previous fiscal years by the witness or by an entity represented by the witness, to the extent that such informa-tion is relevant to the subject matter of, and the witness’ representational capacity at, the hearing; and a disclosure of whether the witness is an active registrant under the Foreign Agents Registration Act (FARA). Such statements, with appropriate redactions to protect the privacy, safety, or security of the witness, shall be made pub-licly available in electronic form not later than one day after the witness appears. (5) Witness Presentation. A witness shall limit his or her oral presentation to a brief summary of his or her written statement. (6) Translation. A witness requiring an in-terpreter or translator should include in the testimony provided pursuant to paragraph (1) the identity of the interpreter or trans-lator that the witness intends to use. Unless properly noticed as a separate witness, an in-terpreter or translator appearing before the Committee should not present views or statements other than those expressed by the witness. (c) Oaths. The Chairman of the full Com-mittee or a subcommittee, or any Member of the Committee designated by the relevant Chairman, may administer oaths to any wit-ness appearing before the Committee. 7. PREPARATION AND MAINTENANCE OF  
COMMITTEE RECORDS  An accurate stenographic record shall be made of all hearings and markup sessions. Members of the Committee and any witness may examine the transcript of his or her own remarks and may make any grammatical or technical changes that do not substantively alter the record. Any such Member or wit-ness shall return the transcript to the Com-mittee offices within seven (7) calendar days (not including Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays) after receipt of the transcript, or as soon thereafter as is practicable. Any information supplied for the record at the request of a Member of the Committee shall be provided to the Member when re-ceived by the Committee. Transcripts of hearings and markup ses-sions (except for the record of a meeting or hearing which is closed to the public) shall be printed as soon as is practicable after re-ceipt of the corrected versions, except that the Chairman may order the transcript of a hearing to be printed without the correc-tions of a Member or witness if the Chairman determines that such Member or witness has been afforded a reasonable time to correct such transcript and such transcript has not been returned within such time. The records of the Committee at the Na-tional Archives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use in ac-cordance with rule VII of the House of Rep-resentatives. The Chairman shall notify the Ranking Minority Member of any decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 4(b) of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Jan 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JA7.005 H27JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH694 January 27, 2017 
the rule, to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determination on the written request of any Member of the Committee. The Committee shall, to the maximum ex-tent feasible, make its publications available in electronic form. 
8. EXTRANEOUS MATERIALS IN COMMITTEE  
HEARINGS PRINTS  No extraneous material shall be printed in either the body or appendices of any Com-mittee or subcommittee hearing, except matter which has been accepted for inclusion in the record during the hearing or by agree-ment of the Chairman of the full Committee or a subcommittee and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee or subcommittee within five (5) calendar days of the hearing. Copies of bills and other legislation under consideration and responses to written ques-tions submitted by Members shall not be considered extraneous material. Extraneous material in either the body or appendices of any hearing to be printed which would be in excess of eight (8) printed pages (for any one submission) shall be ac-companied by a written request to the rel-evant Chairman. Such written request shall contain an estimate in writing from the Pub-lic Printer of the probable cost of publishing such material. 
9. INFORMATION ON COMMITTEE ACTION  (a) Record Votes. The result of each record vote in any meeting of the Committee out-side of executive session shall be made pub-licly available in electronic form within 48 hours of such record vote. Such result shall include a description of the amendment, mo-tion, order, or other proposition, the name of each Member voting for and against, and the Members present but not voting. (b) Adopted Amendments. Not later than 24 hours after the adoption of any amendment to a measure or matter considered by the Committee, the text of each such amend-ment shall be made publicly available in electronic form. (c) Hearing and Markup Attendance. Mem-ber attendance at each Committee hearing and markup shall be recorded and included in the Committee print of the transcript of that hearing or markup. 
10. PROXIES  Proxy Voting is not Permitted in the Com-mittee or in Subcommittees. 
11. REPORTS  (a) Reports on Bills and Resolutions. To the extent practicable, not later than 24 hours before a report is to be filed with the Clerk of the House on a measure that has been ordered reported by the Committee, the Chairman shall make available for inspec-tion by all Members of the Committee a copy of the draft Committee report in order to af-ford Members adequate information and the opportunity to draft and file any supple-mental, minority or additional views which they may deem appropriate. With respect to each record vote on a mo-tion to report any measure or matter of a public character, and on any amendment of-fered to the measure or matter, the total number of votes cast for and against, and the names of those Members voting for and against, shall be included in any Committee report on the measure or matter. (b) Prior Approval of Certain Reports. No Committee, subcommittee, or staff report, study, or other document which purports to express publicly the views, findings, conclu-sions, or recommendations of the Committee or a subcommittee may be released to the public or filed with the Clerk of the House unless approved by a majority of the Com-mittee or subcommittee, as appropriate. A proposed investigative or oversight report shall be considered as read if it has been available to Members of the Committee for at least 24 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sun-days, or legal holidays except when the House is in session on such a day). In any case in which clause 2(1) of rule XI and clause 3(a)(1) of rule XIII of the House of Representatives does not apply, each Mem-ber of the Committee or subcommittee shall be given an opportunity to have views or a disclaimer included as part of the material filed or released, as the case may be. (c) Foreign Travel Reports. At the same time that the report required by clause 8(b)(3) of rule X of the House of Representa-tives, regarding foreign travel reports, is submitted to the Chairman, Members and employees of the Committee shall provide a report to the Chairman listing all official meetings, interviews, inspection tours and other official functions in which the indi-vidual participated, by country and date. Under extraordinary circumstances, the Chairman may waive the listing in such re-port of an official meeting, interview, inspec-tion tour, or other official function. The re-port shall be maintained in the Committee offices and shall be available for public in-spection during normal business hours. Ex-cept in extraordinary circumstances, no Member or employee of the Committee will be authorized for additional Committee trav-el until the reports described in this sub-section have been submitted to the Chair-man for that person’s prior Committee trav-el. 12. REPORTING BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS  Except in extraordinary circumstances, bills and resolutions will not be considered by the Committee unless and until the ap-propriate subcommittee has recommended the bill or resolution for Committee action, and will not be taken to the House of Rep-resentatives for action unless and until the Committee or a relevant subcommittee has ordered reported such bill or resolution, a quorum being present. Except in extraordinary circumstances, a bill or resolution originating in the House of Representatives that contains exclusively findings and policy declarations or expres-sions of the sense of the House of Represent-atives or the sense of the Congress shall not be considered by the Committee or a sub-committee unless such bill or resolution has at least 25 House co-sponsors, at least 10 of whom are Members of the Committee. For purposes of this rule, extraordinary circumstances will be determined by the Chairman, after consultation with the Rank-ing Minority Member and such other Mem-bers of the Committee as the Chairman deems appropriate. The Committee or a subcommittee shall not consider a bill or resolution originating in the House of Representatives that ex-presses appreciation, commends, congratu-lates, celebrates, recognizes the accomplish-ments of, or celebrates the anniversary of, an entity, event, group, individual, institu-tion, team, or government program, or that acknowledges or recognizes a period of time for such purposes, except in circumstances determined by the Chairman with the con-currence of the Ranking Minority Member. The Chairman is directed to offer a motion under clause 1 of rule XXII of the Rules of the House whenever the Chairman considers it appropriate. 
13. STAFF SERVICES  The Committee staff shall be selected and organized so that it can provide a com-prehensive range of professional services in the field of foreign affairs to the Committee, the subcommittees, and all its Members. The staff shall include persons with training and experience in foreign affairs, making avail-able to the Committee individuals with knowledge of major countries, areas, and U.S. overseas programs and operations. Subject to clause 9 of rule X of the House of Representatives, the staff of the Com-mittee, except as provided in paragraph (c), shall be appointed, and may be removed, by the Chairman with the approval of the ma-jority of the Members in the majority party of the Committee. Their remuneration shall be fixed by the Chairman, and they shall work under the general supervision and di-rection of the Chairman. Staff assignments are to be authorized by the Chairman or by the Staff Director under the direction of the Chairman. Subject to clause 9 of rule X of the House of Representatives, the staff of the Com-mittee assigned to the minority shall be ap-pointed, their remuneration determined, and may be removed, by the Ranking Minority Member with the approval of the majority of the minority party Members of the Com-mittee. Such staff shall work under the gen-eral supervision and direction of the Rank-ing Minority Member with the approval or consultation of the minority Members of the Committee. The Chairman shall ensure that sufficient staff is made available to each subcommittee to carry out its responsibilities under the rules of the Committee. The Chairman shall ensure that the minority party is fairly treated in the appointment of such staff. 14. NUMBER AND JURISDICTION OF  
SUBCOMMITTEES  (a) Full Committee. The full Committee will be responsible for oversight and legisla-tion relating to: foreign assistance (includ-ing development assistance, Millennium Challenge Corporation, the Millennium Chal-lenge Account, HIV/AIDS in foreign coun-tries, security assistance, and Public Law 480 programs abroad); national security develop-ments affecting foreign policy; strategic planning and agreements; war powers, trea-ties, executive agreements, and the deploy-ment and use of United States Armed Forces; peacekeeping, peace enforcement, and enforcement of United Nations or other international sanctions; arms control and disarmament issues; the United States Agen-cy for International Development; activities and policies of the State, Commerce, and De-fense Departments and other agencies re-lated to the Arms Export Control Act and the Foreign Assistance Act, including export and licensing policy for munitions items and technology and dual-use equipment and tech-nology; international law; promotion of de-mocracy; international law enforcement issues, including narcotics control programs and activities; Broadcasting Board of Gov-ernors; embassy security; international broadcasting; public diplomacy, including international communication and informa-tion policy, and international education and exchange programs; and all other matters not specifically assigned to a subcommittee. The full Committee will have jurisdiction over legislation with respect to the adminis-tration of the Export Administration Act, including the export and licensing of dual- use equipment and technology and other matters related to international economic policy and trade not otherwise assigned to a subcommittee, and with respect to the United Nations, its affiliated agencies, and other international organizations, including assessed and voluntary contributions to such organizations. The full Committee may con-duct oversight and investigations with re-spect to any matter within the jurisdiction of the Committee as defined in the Rules of the House of Representatives. (b) Subcommittees. There shall be six (6) standing subcommittees. The names and ju-risdiction of those subcommittees shall be as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JA7.006 H27JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H695 January 27, 2017 
(1) Functional Subcommittee. There shall be one subcommittee with functional juris-diction: Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonprolifera-tion, and Trade: Oversight and legislative re-sponsibilities over the United States’ efforts to manage and coordinate international pro-grams to combat terrorism as coordinated by the Department of State and other agencies, and efforts to bring international terrorists to justice. With the concurrence of the Chairman of the full Committee, oversight of, and legislation pertaining to, non-proliferation matters involving nuclear, chemical, biological and other weapons of mass destruction, except for legislation in-volving the Foreign Assistance Act, the Arms Export Control Act, the Export Admin-istration Act, and sanctions laws pertaining to individual countries and the provision of foreign assistance (which is reserved to the full Committee). Oversight of matters relat-ing to international economic and trade pol-icy; commerce with foreign countries; inter-national investment policy; the Overseas Private Investment Corporation and the Trade and Development Agency; commodity agreements; and special oversight of inter-national financial and monetary institu-tions; the Export-Import Bank, and customs. With the concurrence of the Chairman of the full Committee, legislative jurisdiction over measures related to export promotion and measures related to the Overseas Private In-vestment Corporation and the Trade and De-velopment Agency. (2) Regional Subcommittees. There shall be five subcommittees with regional jurisdic-tion: the Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations; the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific; the Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats; the Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa; and the Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere. As detailed below, two of the regional subcommittees also shall have functional jurisdiction. The regional subcommittees shall have ju-risdiction over the following within their re-spective regions: (1) Matters affecting the political relations between the United States and other coun-tries and regions, including resolutions or other legislative measures directed to such relations. (2) Legislation with respect to disaster as-sistance outside the Foreign Assistance Act, boundary issues, and international claims. (3) Legislation with respect to region- or country-specific loans or other financial re-lations outside the Foreign Assistance Act. (4) Legislation and oversight regarding human rights practices in particular coun-tries. (5) Oversight of regional lending institu-tions. (6) Oversight of matters related to the re-gional activities of the United Nations, of its affiliated agencies, and of other multilateral institutions. (7) Identification and development of op-tions for meeting future problems and issues relating to U.S. interests in the region. (8) Oversight of base rights and other fa-cilities access agreements and regional secu-rity pacts. (9) Concurrent oversight jurisdiction with respect to matters assigned to the functional subcommittees insofar as they may affect the region. (10) Oversight of foreign assistance activi-ties affecting the region, with the concur-rence of the Chairman of the full Committee. (11) Such other matters as the Chairman of the full Committee may determine. The Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and Inter-national Organizations: In addition to its re-gional jurisdiction, oversight of: inter-national health issues, including transbound-ary infectious diseases, maternal health and child survival, and programs related to the global ability to address health issues; popu-lation issues; the United Nations and its af-filiated agencies (excluding peacekeeping and enforcement of United Nations or other international sanctions); the American Red Cross; and the Peace Corps. In addition, leg-islation and oversight pertaining to: imple-mentation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights; other matters relating to internationally-recognized human rights, in-cluding legislation aimed at the promotion of human rights and democracy generally; and the Hague Convention on the Civil As-pects of International Child Abduction, and related issues. The Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats: In addition to its re-gional jurisdiction, with the concurrence of the Chairman of the full Committee, over-sight related to emerging foreign threats to the national security and interests of the United States. 
15. POWERS AND DUTIES OF SUBCOMMITTEES  (a) In General. Each subcommittee is au-thorized to meet, hold hearings, receive evi-dence, and report to the full Committee on all matters referred to it. (b) Scheduling. Subcommittee chairmen shall set meeting dates after consultation with the Chairman, other subcommittee chairmen, the relevant Ranking Minority Member and other appropriate Members, with a view toward minimizing scheduling conflicts. Subcommittee meetings shall not be scheduled to occur simultaneously with meetings of the full Committee. Hearings shall not be scheduled to occur prior to the first vote or subsequent to the last vote of a legislative week, or outside of Washington, D.C., without prior consultation with the relevant Ranking Minority Member. In order to ensure orderly administration and fair as-signment of hearing and meeting rooms, the subject, time, and location of hearings and meetings shall be arranged in advance with the Chairman through the Staff Director of the Committee. (c) Vice Chairmen. The Chairman of the Full Committee shall designate a Member of the majority party on each subcommittee as its vice chairman. (d) Participation. The Chairman of the full Committee and the Ranking Minority Mem-ber may attend the meetings and participate in the activities of all subcommittees of which they are not Members, except that they may not vote or be counted for a quorum in such subcommittees. (e) Required Oversight Hearings. During each 180-day period following organization of the Committee, each subcommittee shall hold at least one hearing on oversight of U.S. Government activities. 
16. REFERRAL OF BILLS BY CHAIRMAN  In accordance with rule 14 of the Com-mittee and to the extent practicable, all leg-islation and other matters referred to the Committee shall be referred by the Chair-man to a subcommittee of primary jurisdic-tion within two (2) weeks. In accordance with rule 14 of the Committee, legislation may also be referred to additional sub-committees for consideration. Unless other-wise directed by the Chairman, such sub-committees shall act on or be discharged from consideration of legislation that has been approved by the subcommittee of pri-mary jurisdiction within two (2) weeks of such action. In referring any legislation to a subcommittee, the Chairman may specify a date by which the subcommittee shall report thereon to the full Committee. Subcommittees with regional jurisdiction shall have joint jurisdiction with the Sub-committee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organiza-tions over legislation regarding human rights practices in particular countries with-in their regions. The Chairman may designate a sub-committee Chairman or other Member to take responsibility as manager of a bill or resolution during its consideration in the House of Representatives. 17. PARTY RATIOS ON SUBCOMMITTEES AND  
CONFERENCE COMMITTEES  The majority party caucus of the Com-mittee shall determine an appropriate ratio of majority to minority party Members for each subcommittee. Party representation on each subcommittee or conference committee shall be no less favorable to the majority party than the ratio for the full Committee. The Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member are authorized to negotiate matters affecting such ratios including the size of subcommittees and conference committees. 
18. SUBCOMMITTEE FUNDING AND RECORDS  Each subcommittee shall have adequate funds to discharge its responsibility for leg-islation and oversight. In order to facilitate Committee compli-ance with clause 2(e)(1) of rule XI of the House of Representatives, each sub-committee shall keep a complete record of all subcommittee actions which shall include a record of the votes on any question on which a record vote is demanded. The result of each record vote shall be promptly made available to the full Committee for inspec-tion by the public in accordance with rule 9 of the Committee. All subcommittee hearings, records, data, charts, and files shall be kept distinct from the congressional office records of the Mem-ber serving as Chairman of the sub-committee. Subcommittee records shall be coordinated with the records of the full Com-mittee, shall be the property of the House, and all Members of the House shall have ac-cess thereto. 
19. MEETINGS OF SUBCOMMITTEE CHAIRMEN  The Chairman shall call a meeting of the subcommittee chairmen on a regular basis not less frequently than once a month. Such a meeting need not be held if there is no business to conduct. It shall be the practice at such meetings to review the current agen-da and activities of each of the subcommit-tees. 
20. ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION  (a) Authorized Persons. In accordance with the stipulations of the Rules of the House of Representatives, all Members of the House who have executed the oath required by clause 13 of rule XXIII of the House of Rep-resentatives shall be authorized to have ac-cess to classified information within the pos-session of the Committee. Members of the Committee staff shall be considered authorized to have access to clas-sified information within the possession of the Committee when they have the proper security clearances, when they have exe-cuted the oath required by clause 13 of rule XXIII of the House of Representatives, and when they have a demonstrable need to know. The decision on whether a given staff member has a need to know will be made on the following basis: (1) In the case of the full Committee ma-jority staff, by the Chairman, acting through the Staff Director; (2) In the case of the full Committee mi-nority staff, by the Ranking Minority Mem-ber of the Committee, acting through the Minority Staff Director; (3) In the case of subcommittee majority staff, by the chairman of the subcommittee; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:52 Jan 27, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JA7.008 H27JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH696 January 27, 2017 
(4) In the case of the subcommittee minor-ity staff, by the Ranking Minority Member of the subcommittee. No other individuals shall be considered authorized persons, unless so designated by the Chairman of the full Committee. (b) Designated Persons. Each Committee Member is permitted to designate one mem-ber of his or her staff as having the right of access to information classified Confidential. Such designated persons must have the prop-er security clearance, have executed the oath required by clause 13 of rule XXIII of the House of Representatives, and have a need to know as determined by his or her principal. Upon request of a Committee Member in spe-cific instances, a designated person also shall be permitted access to information classified Secret which has been furnished to the Committee pursuant to section 36 of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended. Upon the written request of a Committee Member and with the approval of the Chairman in specific instances, a designated person may be permitted access to other classified mate-rials. Designation of a staff person shall be by letter from the Committee Member to the Chairman. (c) Location. Classified information will be stored in secure safes in the Office of the Se-curity Officer and in the Office of the Minor-ity Staff Director. All materials classified Top Secret or higher must be stored in a Se-cure Compartmentalized Information Facil-ity (SCIF). (d) Handling. Materials classified Confiden-tial or Secret may be taken from Committee offices to other Committee offices and hear-ing rooms by Members of the Committee and authorized Committee staff in connection with hearings and briefings of the Com-mittee or its subcommittees for which such information is deemed to be essential. Re-moval of such information from the Com-mittee offices shall be only with the permis-sion of the Chairman under procedures de-signed to ensure the safe handling and stor-age of such information at all times. Except as provided in this paragraph, Top Secret materials may not be taken from approved storage areas for any purpose, except that such materials may be taken to hearings and other meetings that are being conducted at the Top Secret level when necessary. Mate-rials classified Top Secret may otherwise be used under conditions approved by the Chair-man after consultation with the Ranking Mi-nority Member. (e) Notice. Appropriate notice of the re-ceipt of classified documents received by the Committee from the Executive Branch will be sent promptly to Committee Members through the Survey of Activities or by other means. (f) Access. Except as provided for above, access to materials classified Top Secret or otherwise restricted held by the Committee will be in approved Committee spaces. The following procedures will be observed: (1) Authorized persons will be permitted access to classified documents after inquir-ing of the Staff Director or an assigned staff member. Access to the SCIF will be afforded during regular Committee hours. (2) Authorized persons will be required to identify themselves, to identify the docu-ments or information they wish to view, and to sign the Classified Materials Log, which is kept with the classified information. (3) The assigned staff member will be re-sponsible for maintaining a log which identi-fies: (1) authorized persons seeking access, (2) the classified information requested, and (3) the time of arrival and departure of such persons. The assigned staff member will also assure that the classified materials are re-turned to the proper location. (g) Divulgence. Classified information pro-vided to the Committee by the Executive Branch shall be handled in accordance with the procedures that apply within the Execu-tive Branch for the protection of such infor-mation. Any classified information to which access has been gained through the Com-mittee may not be divulged to any unauthor-ized person. Classified material shall not be photocopied or otherwise reproduced. In no event shall classified information be dis-cussed in a non-secure environment. Appar-ent violations of this rule should be reported as promptly as possible to the Chairman for appropriate action. (h) Other Regulations. The Chairman, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, may establish such additional regu-lations and procedures as in his judgment may be necessary to safeguard classified in-formation under the control of the Com-mittee. Members of the Committee will be given notice of any such regulations and pro-cedures promptly. They may be modified or waived in any or all particulars by a major-ity vote of the full Committee. 
21. BROADCASTING OF COMMITTEE HEARINGS AND  
MEETINGS  All Committee and subcommittee meet-ings or hearings which are open to the public may be covered, in whole or in part, by tele-vision broadcast, radio broadcast, and still photography, or by any such methods of cov-erage in accordance with the provisions of clause 3 of House rule XI. The Chairman of the full Committee or a subcommittee shall determine, in his or her discretion, the number of television and still cameras permitted in a hearing or meeting room, but shall not limit the number of tele-vision or still cameras to fewer than two (2) representatives from each medium. Such coverage shall be in accordance with the following requirements contained in sec-tion 116(b) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1970, and clause 4 of XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives: (a) If the television, Internet or radio cov-erage of the hearing or meeting is to be pre-sented to the public as live coverage, that coverage shall be conducted and presented without commercial sponsorship. (b) No witness served with a subpoena by the Committee shall be required against his will to be photographed at any hearing or to give evidence or testimony while the broad-casting of that hearing, by radio or tele-vision is being conducted. At the request of any such witness who does not wish to be subjected to radio, television, Internet or still photography coverage, all lenses shall be covered and all microphones used for cov-erage turned off. This subparagraph is sup-plementary to clause 2(k)(5) of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives relat-ing to the protection of the rights of wit-nesses. (c) The allocation among cameras per-mitted by the Chairman of the full Com-mittee or a subcommittee in a hearing room shall be in accordance with fair and equi-table procedures devised by the Executive Committee of the Radio and Television Cor-respondents’ Galleries. (d) Television cameras shall be placed so as not to obstruct in any way the space between any witness giving evidence or testimony and Member of the Committee or its sub-committees or the visibility of that witness and that Member to each other. (e) Television cameras shall operate from fixed positions but shall not be placed in po-sitions which obstruct unnecessarily the cov-erage of the hearing by the other media. (f) Equipment necessary for coverage by the television and radio media shall not be installed in, or removed from, the hearing or meeting room while the Committee or sub-committee is in session. (g) Floodlights, spotlights, strobe lights, and flashguns shall not be used in providing any method of coverage of the hearing or meeting, except that the television media may install additional lighting in the hear-ing room, without cost to the Government, in order to raise the ambient lighting level in the hearing room to the lowest level nec-essary to provide adequate television cov-erage of the hearing or meeting at the cur-rent state-of-the-art level of television cov-erage. (h) In the allocation of the number of still photographers permitted by the Chairman of the full Committee or a subcommittee in a hearing or meeting room, preference shall be given to photographers from Associated Press Photos, United Press International News pictures, and Reuters. If requests are made by more of the media than will be per-mitted by the Chairman of the full Com-mittee or a subcommittee for coverage of the hearing or meeting by still photography, that coverage shall be made on the basis of a fair and equitable pool arrangement de-vised by the Standing Committee of Press Photographers. (i) Photographers shall not position them-selves, at any time during the course of the hearing or meeting, between the witness table and the Members of the Committee or its subcommittees. (j) Photographers shall not place them-selves in positions which obstruct unneces-sarily the coverage of the hearing by the other media. (k) Personnel providing coverage by the television and radio media shall be currently accredited to the Radio and Television Cor-respondents’ Galleries. (1) Personnel providing coverage by still photography shall be currently accredited to the Press Photographers’ Gallery Committee of Press Photographers. (m) Personnel providing coverage by the television and radio media and by still pho-tography shall conduct themselves and their coverage activities in an orderly and unob-trusive manner. 
22. SUBPOENA POWERS  A subpoena may be authorized and issued by the Chairman, in accordance with clause 2(m) of rule XI of the House of Representa-tives, in the conduct of any investigation or activity or series of investigations or activi-ties within the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee, following consultation with the Ranking Minority Member. In addition, a subpoena may be authorized and issued by the Committee or its sub-committees in accordance with clause 2(m) of rule XI of the House of Representatives, in the conduct of any investigation or activity or series of investigations or activities, when authorized by a majority of the Members voting, a majority of the Committee or sub-committee being present. Authorized subpoenas shall be signed by the Chairman or by any Member designated by the Committee. 
23. RECOMMENDATION FOR APPOINTMENT OF  
CONFEREES  Whenever the Speaker is to appoint a con-ference committee, the Chairman shall rec-ommend to the Speaker as conferees those Members of the Committee who are pri-marily responsible for the legislation (in-cluding to the full extent practicable the principal proponents of the major provisions of the bill as it passed the House), who have actively participated in the Committee or subcommittee consideration of the legisla-tion, and who agree to attend the meetings of the conference. With regard to the ap-pointment of minority Members, the Chair-man shall consult with the Ranking Minor-ity Member. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JA7.010 H27JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H697 January 27, 2017 
24. GENERAL OVERSIGHT  Not later than February 15th of the first session of a Congress, the Committee shall meet in open session, with a quorum present, to adopt its oversight plans for that Con-gress for submission to the Committee on House Administration and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, in ac-cordance with the provisions of clause 2(d) of rule X of the House of Representatives. In accordance with the provisions of clause 2(n) of rule XI of the House of Representa-tives, the Committee or a subcommittee thereof shall hold at least one hearing during each 120-day period following its establish-ment on the topic of waste, fraud, abuse, or mismanagement in programs within its ju-risdiction, as documented in reports received from a Federal Office of the Inspector Gen-eral or the Comptroller General of the United States that have been provided to the Ranking Minority Member prior to the no-tice of the hearing pursuant to Committee rule 5. 
25. OTHER PROCEDURES AND REGULATIONS  The Chairman, in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, may establish such other procedures and take such actions as may be necessary to carry out the fore-going rules or to facilitate the effective oper-ation of the Committee. Any additional pro-cedures or regulations may be modified or rescinded in any or all particulars by a ma-jority vote of the full Committee. f 
ADJOURNMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the House stands adjourned until noon on Monday next for morn-ing-hour debate. There was no objection. Thereupon (at 2 o’clock and 5 min-utes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, Janu-ary 30, 2017, at noon for morning-hour debate. 
f 
OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESI-DENT COMMISSIONER, AND DEL-EGATES The oath of office required by the sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by sec-tion 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Mem-bers, Resident Commissioner, and Dele-gates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: ‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or Af-firm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’ Has been subscribed to in person and filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the fol-lowing Members of the 115th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: 
ALABAMA  1 Bradley Byrne 2 Martha Roby 3 Mike Rogers 4 Robert B. Aderholt 5 Mo Brooks 6 Gary J. Palmer 7 Terri A. Sewell ALASKA  At Large, Don Young 
ARIZONA  1 Tom O’Halleran 2 Martha McSally 3 Rau´l M. Grijalva 4 Paul A. Gosar 5 Andy Biggs 6 David Schweikert 7 Ruben Gallego 8 Trent Franks 9 Kyrsten Sinema 
ARKANSAS  1 Eric A. ‘‘Rick’’ Crawford 2 J. French Hill 3 Steve Womack 4 Bruce Westerman 
CALIFORNIA  1 Doug LaMalfa 2 Jared Huffman 3 John Garamendi 4 Tom McClintock 5 Mike Thompson 6 Doris O. Matsui 7 Ami Bera 8 Paul Cook 9 Jerry McNerney 10 Jeff Denham 11 Mark DeSaulnier 12 Nancy Pelosi 13 Barbara Lee 14 Jackie Speier 15 Eric Swalwell 16 Jim Costa 17 Ro Khanna 18 Anna G. Eshoo 19 Zoe Lofgren 20 Jimmy Panetta 21 David G. Valadao 22 Devin Nunes 23 Kevin McCarthy 24 Salud O. Carbajal 25 Stephen Knight 26 Julia Brownley 27 Judy Chu 28 Adam B. Schiff 29 Tony Ca´rdenas 30 Brad Sherman 31 Pete Aguilar 32 Grace F. Napolitano 33 Ted Lieu 34 Xavier Becerra 35 Norma J. Torres 36 Raul Ruiz 37 Karen Bass 38 Linda T. Sa´nchez 39 Edward R. Royce 40 Lucille Roybal-Allard 41 Mark Takano 42 Ken Calvert 43 Maxine Waters 44 Nanette Diaz Barraga´n 45 Mimi Walters 46 J. Luis Correa 47 Alan S. Lowenthal 48 Dana Rohrabacher 49 Darrell E. Issa 50 Duncan Hunter 51 Juan Vargas 52 Scott H. Peters 53 Susan A. Davis 
COLORADO  1 Diana DeGette 2 Jared Polis 3 Scott R. Tipton 4 Ken Buck 5 Doug Lamborn 6 Mike Coffman 7 Ed Perlmutter CONNECTICUT  1 John B. Larson 2 Joe Courtney 3 Rosa L. DeLauro 4 James A. Himes 5 Elizabeth H. Esty 
DELAWARE  At Large, Lisa Blunt Rochester 
FLORIDA  1 Matt Gaetz 2 Neal P. Dunn 3 Ted S. Yoho 4 John H. Rutherford 5 Al Lawson, Jr. 6 Ron DeSantis 7 Stephanie N. Murphy 8 Bill Posey 9 Darren Soto 10 Val Butler Demings 11 Daniel Webster 12 Gus M. Bilirakis 13 Charlie Crist 14 Kathy Castor 15 Dennis A. Ross 16 Vern Buchanan 17 Thomas J. Rooney 18 Brian J. Mast 19 Francis Rooney 20 Alcee L. Hastings 21 Lois Frankel 22 Theodore E. Deutch 23 Debbie Wasserman Schultz 24 Frederica S. Wilson 25 Mario Diaz-Balart 26 Carlos Curbelo 27 Ileana Ros-Lehtinen 
GEORGIA  1 Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’ Carter 2 Sanford D. Bishop, Jr. 3 A. Drew Ferguson IV 4 Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’ Johnson, Jr. 5 John Lewis 6 Tom Price 7 Rob Woodall 8 Austin Scott 9 Doug Collins 10 Jody B. Hice 11 Barry Loudermilk 12 Rick W. Allen 13 David Scott 14 Tom Graves 
HAWAII  1 Colleen Hanabusa 2 Tulsi Gabbard 
IDAHO  1 Rau´l R. Labrador 2 Michael K. Simpson 
ILLINOIS  1 Bobby L. Rush 2 Robin L. Kelly 3 Daniel Lipinski 4 Luis V. Gutie´rrez 5 Mike Quigley 6 Peter J. Roskam 7 Danny K. Davis 8 Raja Krishnamoorthi 9 Janice D. Schakowsky 10 Bradley Scott Schneider 11 Bill Foster 12 Mike Bost 13 Rodney Davis 14 Randy Hultgren 15 John Shimkus 16 Adam Kinzinger 17 Cheri Bustos 18 Darin LaHood 
INDIANA  1 Peter J. Visclosky 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:03 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JA7.012 H27JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH698 January 27, 2017 
2 Jackie Walorski 3 Jim Banks 4 Todd Rokita 5 Susan W. Brooks 6 Luke Messer 7 Andre´Carson 8 Larry Bucshon 9 Trey Hollingsworth 
IOWA 1 Rod Blum 2 David Loebsack 3 David Young 4 Steve King 
KANSAS  1 Roger W. Marshall 2 Lynn Jenkins 3 Kevin Yoder 4 Mike Pompeo 
KENTUCKY  1 James Comer 2 Brett Guthrie 3 John A. Yarmuth 4 Thomas Massie 5 Harold Rogers 6 Andy Barr 
LOUISIANA  1 Steve Scalise 2 Cedric L. Richmond 3 Clay Higgins 4 Mike Johnson 5 Ralph Lee Abraham 6 Garret Graves 
MAINE  1 Chellie Pingree 2 Bruce Poliquin 
MARYLAND  1 Andy Harris 2 C. A. Dutch Ruppersberger 3 John P. Sarbanes 4 Anthony G. Brown 5 Steny H. Hoyer 6 John K. Delaney 7 Elijah E. Cummings 8 Jamie Raskin 
MASSACHUSETTS  1 Richard E. Neal 2 James P. McGovern 3 Niki Tsongas 4 Joseph P. Kennedy III 5 Katherine M. Clark 6 Seth Moulton 7 Michael E. Capuano 8 Stephen F. Lynch 9 William R. Keating 
MICHIGAN  1 Jack Bergman 2 Bill Huizenga 3 Justin Amash 4 John R. Moolenaar 5 Daniel T. Kildee 6 Fred Upton 7 Tim Walberg 8 Mike Bishop 9 Sander M. Levin 10 Paul Mitchell 11 David A. Trott 12 Debbie Dingell 13 John Conyers, Jr. 14 Brenda L. Lawrence 
MINNESOTA  1 Timothy J. Walz 2 Jason Lewis 3 Erik Paulsen 4 Betty McCollum 5 Keith Ellison 6 Tom Emmer 7 Collin C. Peterson 8 Richard M. Nolan 
MISSISSIPPI  1 Trent Kelly 2 Bennie G. Thompson 3 Gregg Harper 4 Steven M. Palazzo MISSOURI  1 Wm. Lacy Clay 2 Ann Wagner 3 Blaine Luetkemeyer 4 Vicky Hartzler 5 Emanuel Cleaver 6 Sam Graves 7 Billy Long 8 Jason Smith 
MONTANA  At Large, Ryan K. Zinke 
NEBRASKA  1 Jeff Fortenberry 2 Don Bacon 3 Adrian Smith 
NEVADA  1 Dina Titus 2 Mark E. Amodei 3 Jacky Rosen 4 Ruben Kihuen 
NEW HAMPSHIRE  1 Carol Shea-Porter 2 Ann M. Kuster 
NEW JERSEY  1 Donald Norcross 2 Frank A. LoBiondo 3 Thomas MacArthur 4 Christopher H. Smith 5 Josh Gottheimer 6 Frank Pallone, Jr. 7 Leonard Lance 8 Albio Sires 9 Bill Pascrell, Jr. 10 Donald M. Payne, Jr. 11 Rodney P. Frelinghuysen 12 Bonnie Watson Coleman 
NEW MEXICO  1 Michelle Lujan Grisham 2 Stevan Pearce 3 Ben Ray Luja´n 
NEW YORK  1 Lee M. Zeldin 2 Peter T. King 3 Thomas R. Suozzi 4 Kathleen M. Rice 5 Gregory W. Meeks 6 Grace Meng 7 Nydia M. Vela´zquez 8 Hakeem S. Jeffries 9 Yvette D. Clarke 10 Jerrold Nadler 11 Daniel M. Donovan, Jr. 12 Carolyn B. Maloney 13 Adriano Espaillat 14 Joseph Crowley 15 Jose´E. Serrano 16 Eliot L. Engel 17 Nita M. Lowey 18 Sean Patrick Maloney 19 John J. Faso 20 Paul Tonko 21 Elise M. Stefanik 22 Claudia Tenney 23 Tom Reed 24 John Katko 25 Louise McIntosh Slaughter 26 Brian Higgins 27 Chris Collins 
NORTH CAROLINA  1 G. K. Butterfield 2 George Holding 3 Walter B. Jones 4 David E. Price 5 Virginia Foxx 6 Mark Walker 7 David Rouzer 8 Richard Hudson 9 Robert Pittenger 10 Patrick T. McHenry 11 Mark Meadows 12 Alma S. Adams 13 Ted Budd 
NORTH DAKOTA  At Large, Kevin Cramer 
OHIO 1 Steve Chabot 2 Brad R. Wenstrup 3 Joyce Beatty 4 Jim Jordan 5 Robert E. Latta 6 Bill Johnson 7 Bob Gibbs 8 Warren Davidson 9 Marcy Kaptur 10 Michael R. Turner 11 Marcia L. Fudge 12 Patrick J. Tiberi 13 Tim Ryan 14 David P. Joyce 15 Steve Stivers 16 James B. Renacci OKLAHOMA  1 Jim Bridenstine 2 Markwayne Mullin 3 Frank D. Lucas 4 Tom Cole 5 Steve Russell 
OREGON  1 Suzanne Bonamici 2 Greg Walden 3 Earl Blumenauer 4 Peter A. DeFazio 5 Kurt Schrader 
PENNSYLVANIA  1 Robert A. Brady 2 Dwight Evans 3 Mike Kelly 4 Scott Perry 5 Glenn Thompson 6 Ryan A. Costello 7 Patrick Meehan 8 Brian K. Fitzpatrick 9 Bill Shuster 10 Tom Marino 11 Lou Barletta 12 Keith J. Rothfus 13 Brendan F. Boyle 14 Michael F. Doyle 15 Charles W. Dent 16 Lloyd Smucker 17 Matt Cartwright 18 Tim Murphy 
RHODE ISLAND  1 David N. Cicilline 2 James R. Langevin 
SOUTH CAROLINA  1 Mark Sanford 2 Joe Wilson 3 Jeff Duncan 4 Trey Gowdy 5 Mick Mulvaney 6 James E. Clyburn 7 Tom Rice 
SOUTH DAKOTA  At Large, Kristi L. Noem 
TENNESSEE  1 David P. Roe 2 John J. Duncan, Jr. 3 Charles J. ‘‘Chuck’’ Fleischmann 4 Scott DesJarlais 5 Jim Cooper 6 Diane Black 7 Marsha Blackburn 8 David Kustoff 9 Steve Cohen 
TEXAS  1 Louie Gohmert 2 Ted Poe 3 Sam Johnson 4 John Ratcliffe 5 Jeb Hensarling 6 Joe Barton 7 John Abney Culberson 8 Kevin Brady 9 Al Green 10 Michael T. McCaul 11 K. Michael Conaway 12 Kay Granger 13 Mac Thornberry 14 Randy K. Weber, Sr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JA7.015 H27JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H699 January 27, 2017 
15 Vicente Gonzalez 16 Beto O’Rourke 17 Bill Flores 18 Sheila Jackson Lee 19 Jodey C. Arrington 20 Joaquin Castro 21 Lamar Smith 22 Pete Olson 23 Will Hurd 24 Kenny Marchant 25 Roger Williams 26 Michael C. Burgess 27 Blake Farenthold 28 Henry Cuellar 29 Gene Green 30 Eddie Bernice Johnson 31 John R. Carter 32 Pete Sessions 33 Marc A. Veasey 34 Filemon Vela 35 Lloyd Doggett 36 Brian Babin 
UTAH  1 Rob Bishop 2 Chris Stewart 3 Jason Chaffetz 4 Mia B. Love 
VERMONT  At Large, Peter Welch 
VIRGINIA  1 Robert J. Wittman 2 Scott Taylor 3 Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott 4 A. Donald McEachin 5 Thomas A. Garrett, Jr. 6 Bob Goodlatte 7 Dave Brat 8 Donald S. Beyer, Jr. 9 H. Morgan Griffith 10 Barbara Comstock 11 Gerald E. Connolly 
WASHINGTON  1 Suzan K. DelBene 2 Rick Larsen 3 Jaime Herrera Beutler 4 Dan Newhouse 5 Cathy McMorris Rodgers 6 Derek Kilmer 7 Pramila Jayapal 8 David G. Reichert 9 Adam Smith 10 Denny Heck 
WEST VIRGINIA  1 David B. McKinley 2 Alexander X. Mooney 3 Evan H. Jenkins 
WISCONSIN  1 Paul D. Ryan 2 Mark Pocan 3 Ron Kind 4 Gwen Moore 5 F. James Sensenbrenner, Jr. 6 Glenn Grothman 7 Sean P. Duffy 8 Mike Gallagher 
WYOMING  At Large, Liz Cheney 
PUERTO RICO  Resident Commissioner, Jenniffer Gonza ´lez- Colo´n 
AMERICAN SAMOA  Delegate, Aumua Amata Coleman Radewagen 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  Delegate, Eleanor Holmes Norton 
GUAM  Delegate, Madeleine Z. Bordallo 
NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS  Delegate, Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan 
VIRGIN ISLANDS  Delegate, Stacey E. Plaskett f 
OATH FOR ACCESS TO CLASSIFIED INFORMATION Under clause 13 of rule XXIII, the fol-lowing Members executed the oath for access to classified information: Ralph Lee Abraham, Alma S. Adams, Rob-ert B. Aderholt, Pete Aguilar, Rick W. Allen, Justin Amash, Mark E. Amodei, Jodey C. Arrington, Brian Babin, Don Bacon, Jim Banks, Lou Barletta, Andy Barr, Nanette Diaz Barraga´n, Joe Barton, Karen Bass, Joyce Beatty, Xavier Becerra, Ami Bera, Jack Bergman, Jaime Herrera Beutler, Don-ald S. Beyer, Jr., Andy Biggs, Gus M. Bili-rakis, Mike Bishop, Rob Bishop, Sanford D. Bishop, Jr., Diane Black, Marsha Blackburn, Rod Blum, Earl Blumenauer, Lisa Blunt Rochester, Suzanne Bonamici, Madeleine Z. Bordallo, Mike Bost, Brendan F. Boyle, Kevin Brady, Robert A. Brady, Dave Brat, Jim Bridenstine, Mo Brooks, Susan W. Brooks, Anthony G. Brown, Julia Brownley, Vern Buchanan, Ken Buck, Larry Bucshon, Ted Budd, Michael C. Burgess, Cheri Bustos, G. K. Butterfield, Bradley Byrne, Ken Cal-vert, Michael E. Capuano, Salud O. Carbajal, Tony Ca´rdenas, Andre´Carson, Earl L. ‘‘Buddy’’ Carter, John R. Carter, Matt Cart-wright, Kathy Castor, Joaquin Castro, Steve Chabot, Jason Chaffetz, Liz Cheney, Judy Chu, David N. Cicilline, Katherine M. Clark, Yvette D. Clarke, Wm. Lacy Clay, Emanuel Cleaver, James E. Clyburn, Mike Coffman, Steve Cohen, Tom Cole, Chris Collins, Doug Collins, James Comer, Barbara Comstock, K. Michael Conaway, Gerald E. Connolly, John Conyers, Jr., Paul Cook, Jim Cooper, J. Luis Correa, Jim Costa, Ryan A. Costello, Joe Courtney, Kevin Cramer, Eric A. ‘‘Rick’’ Crawford, Charlie Crist, Joseph Crowley, Henry Cuellar, John Abney Culberson, Elijah E. Cummings, Carlos Curbelo, Warren David-son, Danny K. Davis, Rodney Davis, Susan A. Davis, Peter A. DeFazio, Diana DeGette, John K. Delaney, Rosa L. DeLauro, Suzan K. DelBene, Val Butler Demings, Jeff Denham, Charles W. Dent, Ron DeSantis, Mark DeSaulnier, Scott DesJarlais, Theodore E. Deutch, Mario Diaz-Balart, Debbie Dingell, Lloyd Doggett, Daniel M. Donovan, Jr., Mi-chael F. Doyle, Sean P. Duffy, Jeff Duncan, John J. Duncan, Jr., Neal P. Dunn, Keith Ellison, Tom Emmer, Eliot L. Engel, Anna G. Eshoo, Adriano Espaillat, Elizabeth H. Esty, Dwight Evans, Blake Farenthold, John J. Faso, A. Drew Ferguson, IV, Brian K. Fitzpatrick, Charles J. ‘‘Chuck’’ Fleischmann, Bill Flores, Jeff Fortenberry, Bill Foster, Virginia Foxx, Lois Frankel, Trent Franks, Rodney P. Frelinghuysen, Marcia L. Fudge, Tulsi Gabbard, Matt Gaetz, Mike Gallagher, Ruben Gallego, John Garamendi, Thomas A. Garrett, Jr., Bob Gibbs, Louie Gohmert, Vicente Gonzalez, Jenniffer Gonza´lez-Colo´n, Bob Goodlatte, Paul A. Gosar, Josh Gottheimer, Trey Gowdy, Kay Granger, Garret Graves, Sam Graves, Tom Graves, Al Green, Gene Green, H. Morgan Griffith, Rau´l M. Grijalva, Glenn Grothman, Brett Guthrie, Luis V. Gutie ´rrez, Colleen Hanabusa, Gregg Harper, Andy Har-ris, Vicky Hartzler, Alcee L. Hastings, Denny Heck, Jeb Hensarling, Jody B. Hice, Brian Higgins, Clay Higgins, J. French Hill, James A. Himes, George Holding, Trey Hol-lingsworth, Steny H. Hoyer, Richard Hudson, Jared Huffman, Bill Huizenga, Randy Hultgren, Duncan Hunter, Will Hurd, Darrell E. Issa, Sheila Jackson Lee, Pramila Jayapal, Hakeem S. Jeffries, Evan H. Jen-kins, Lynn Jenkins, Bill Johnson, Eddie Ber-nice Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’ Johnson, Jr., Mike Johnson, Sam Johnson, Walter B. Jones, Jim Jordan, David P. Joyce, Marcy Kaptur, John Katko, William R. Keating, Mike Kelly, Robin L. Kelly, Trent Kelly, Jo-seph P. Kennedy, III, Ro Khanna, Ruben Kihuen, Daniel T. Kildee, Derek Kilmer, Ron Kind, Peter T. King, Steve King, Adam Kinzinger, Stephen Knight, Raja Krishnamoorthi, Ann M. Kuster, David Kustoff, Rau´l R. Labrador, Darin LaHood, Doug LaMalfa, Doug Lamborn, Leonard Lance, James R. Langevin, Rick Larsen, John B. Larson, Robert E. Latta, Brenda L. Lawrence, Al Lawson, Jr., Barbara Lee, Sander M. Levin, Jason Lewis, John Lewis, Ted Lieu, Daniel Lipinski, Frank A. LoBi-ondo, David Loebsack, Zoe Lofgren, Billy Long, Barry Loudermilk, Mia B. Love, Alan S. Lowenthal, Nita M. Lowey, Frank D. Lucas, Blaine Luetkemeyer, Ben Ray Luja ´n, Michelle Lujan Grisham, Stephen F. Lynch, Thomas MacArthur, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Patrick Maloney, Kenny Marchant, Tom Marino, Roger W. Marshall, Thomas Massie, Brian J. Mast, Doris O. Matsui, Kevin McCarthy, Michael T. McCaul, Tom McClintock, Betty McCollum, A. Donald McEachin, James P. McGovern, Patrick T. McHenry, David B. McKinley, Cathy McMor-ris Rodgers, Jerry McNerney, Martha McSally, Mark Meadows, Patrick Meehan, Gregory W. Meeks, Grace Meng, Luke Messer, Paul Mitchell, John R. Moolenaar, Alexander X. Mooney, Gwen Moore, Seth Moulton, Markwayne Mullin, Mick Mulvaney, Stephanie N. Murphy, Tim Mur-phy, Jerrold Nadler, Grace F. Napolitano, Richard E. Neal, Dan Newhouse, Kristi L. Noem, Richard M. Nolan, Donald Norcross, Eleanor Holmes Norton, Devin Nunes, Tom O’Halleran, Pete Olson, Beto O’Rourke, Ste-ven M. Palazzo, Frank Pallone, Jr., Gary J. Palmer, Jimmy Panetta, Bill Pascrell, Jr., Erik Paulsen, Donald M. Payne, Jr., Stevan Pearce, Nancy Pelosi, Ed Perlmutter, Scott Perry, Scott H. Peters, Collin C. Peterson, Chellie Pingree, Robert Pittenger, Stacey E. Plaskett, Mark Pocan, Ted Poe, Bruce Poliquin, Jared Polis, Mike Pompeo, Bill Posey, David E. Price, Tom Price, Mike Quigley, Aumua Amata Coleman Radewagen, Jamie Raskin, John Ratcliffe, Tom Reed, David G. Reichert, James B. Renacci, Kath-leen M. Rice, Tom Rice, Cedric L. Richmond, Martha Roby, David P. Roe, Harold Rogers, Mike Rogers, Dana Rohrabacher, Todd Rokita, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rooney, Jacky Rosen, Peter J. Roskam, Ileana Ros- Lehtinen, Dennis A. Ross, Keith J. Rothfus, David Rouzer, Lucille Roybal-Allard, Edward R. Royce, Raul Ruiz, C. A. Dutch Ruppers-berger, Bobby L. Rush, Steve Russell, John H. Rutherford, Paul D. Ryan, Tim Ryan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan, Linda T. Sa´nchez, Mark Sanford, John P. Sarbanes, Steve Scalise, Janice D. Schakowsky, Adam B. Schiff, Bradley Scott Schneider, Kurt Schrader, David Schweikert, Austin Scott, David Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott, F. James Sensenbrenner, Jr., Jose´E. Serrano, Pete Sessions, Terri A. Sewell, Carol Shea- Porter, Brad Sherman, John Shimkus, Bill Shuster, Michael K. Simpson, Kyrsten Sinema, Albio Sires, Louise McIntosh Slaughter, Adam Smith, Adrian Smith, Christopher H. Smith, Jason Smith, Lamar Smith, Lloyd Smucker, Darren Soto, Jackie Speier, Elise M. Stefanik, Chris Stewart, Steve Stivers, Thomas R. Suozzi, Eric Swalwell, Mark Takano, Scott Taylor, Clau-dia Tenney, Bennie G. Thompson, Glenn Thompson, Mike Thompson, Mac Thorn-berry, Patrick J. Tiberi, Scott R. Tipton, Dina Titus, Paul Tonko, Norma J. Torres, David A. Trott, Niki Tsongas, Michael R. Turner, Fred Upton, David G. Valadao, Juan Vargas, Marc A. Veasey, Filemon Vela, Nydia M. Vela´zquez, Peter J. Visclosky, Ann Wagner, Tim Walberg, Greg Walden, Mark Walker, Jackie Walorski, Mimi Walters, Timothy J. Walz, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Maxine Waters, Bonnie Watson Coleman, Randy K. Weber, Sr., Daniel Web-ster, Peter Welch, Brad R. Wenstrup, Bruce Westerman, Roger Williams, Frederica S. Wilson, Joe Wilson, Robert J. Wittman, Steve Womack, Rob Woodall, John A. Yar-muth, Kevin Yoder, Ted S. Yoho, David 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JA7.017 H27JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH700 January 27, 2017 
Young, Don Young, Lee M. Zeldin, Ryan K. Zinke f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
343. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Agricultural Bioterrorism Protection Act of 2002; Biennial Review and Republica-tion of the Select Agent and Toxin List; Amendments to the Select Agent and Toxin Regulations [Docket No.: APHIS-2014-0095] (RIN: 0579-AE08) received January 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. 344. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting the an-nual report on the operation of the Exchange Stabilization Fund (ESF) for Fiscal Year 2016, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 5302(c)(2); Jan. 30, 1934, ch. 6, Sec. 10 (as amended by Public Law 97-258, Sec. 5302(c)(2)); (96 Stat. 994) (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. 345. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Edu-cation, transmitting the Department’s Major final regulations — Open Licensing Require-ment for Competitive Grant Programs [Docket ID: ED-2015-OS-0105] (RIN: 1894- AA07) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 346. A letter from the Director, Office of Standards, Regulations, and Variances, Mine Safety and Health Administration, Depart-ment of Labor, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final rule — Examinations of Work-ing Places in Metal and Nonmetal Mines [Docket No.: MSHA-2014-0030] (RIN: 1219- AB87) received January 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 347. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of the General Counsel, Office of Postsecondary Education, Department of Education, trans-mitting the Department’s final regulations — Student Assistance General Provisions [Docket ID: ED-2015-OPE-0103] (RIN: 1840- AD22) received January 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. 348. A letter from the General Counsel, U.S. Access Board, transmitting the Board’s Major final rule — Information and Commu-nication Technology (ICT) Standards and Guidelines (RIN: 3014-AA37) received January 17, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 349. A letter from the Secretary and Acting Director of OPM, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s One-Time Hiring Authority Congressional Report, pur-suant to 42 U.S.C. 7231 note; Public Law 113- 76, div. D, title III, Sec. 313(c)(2); (128 Stat. 177); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 350. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Energy Conservation Program: Energy Conservation Standards for Ceiling Fans [Docket No.: EERE-2012-BT-STD-0045] (RIN: 1904-AD28) received January 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 351. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Food and Drug Administration’s FY 2016 Performance Report to Congress for the Medical Device User Fee Amendments; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 352. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: En-ergy Conservation Standards for General Service Lamps [Docket No.: EERE-2013-BT- STD-0051] (RIN: 1904-AD09) received January 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 353. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 354. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Updated Statements of Legal Authority for the Export Administration Regulations [Docket No.: 170103002-7002-01] (RIN: 0694- AH22) received January 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 355. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendments to the Export Administration Regulations Implementing an Additional Phase of India-US Export Control Coopera-tion [Docket No.: 170104015-7015-01] (RIN: 0694-AH26) received January 24, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 356. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Indus-try and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Support Document Requirements with Re-spect to Hong Kong [Docket No.: 161230999- 7013-01] (RIN: 0694-AH11) received January 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 357. A letter from the Director, Defense Se-curity Cooperation Agency, transmitting a proposed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of Kenya, Transmittal No. 16-79, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 358. A letter from the Director, Defense Se-curity Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting a notice of the Army’s proposed lease to the Government of Singa-pore, Transmittal No. 01-17, pursuant to Sec-tion 62(a) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 359. A letter from the Director, Defense Se-curity Cooperation Agency, Department of Defense, transmitting the Air Force’s pro-posed Letter of Offer and Acceptance to the Government of the United Kingdom, Trans-mittal No. 16-82, pursuant to Sec. 36(b)(1) of the Arms Export Control Act, as amended; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 360. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-606, ‘‘Green Yards Recognition Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 361. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-605, ‘‘West End Parcels Development Omnibus Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 362. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-604, ‘‘Nonwoven Disposable Products Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 363. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-607, ‘‘Historic Preservation of Derelict District Properties Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 364. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-608, ‘‘H Street, N.E., Retail Priority Area Clarification Temporary Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 365. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 21-603, ‘‘Omnibus Public Safety and Jus-tice Amendment Act of 2016’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 366. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s Major direct final rule — Energy Conservation Pro-gram: Energy Conservation Standards for Dedicated-Purpose Pool Pumps [Docket No.: EERE-2015-BT-STD-0008] (RIN: 1904-AD52) re-ceived January 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 367. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting five notifications of federal vacancy, designation of acting officer, change in pre-viously submitted reported information, and discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105- 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 368. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting the De-partment’s semiannual reports to Congress from the Treasury Inspector General and the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Adminis-tration for the period of April 1, 2016, through September 30, 2016; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 369. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Maritime Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Inventories of Commercial and Inherently Governmental Activities for fis-cal years 2014 and 2015, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 501 note; Public Law 105-270, Sec. 2(c)(1)(A); (112 Stat. 2382); to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. 370. A letter from the Chairwoman, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s Fiscal Year 2016 Agency Financial Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Pub-lic Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JA7.003 H27JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H701 January 27, 2017 
Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 371. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s final rule — Freedom of Informa-tion Act; Miscellaneous Rules received Janu-ary 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 372. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, transmitting the Statistical Programs of the United States Government: Fiscal Year 2017 report, as re-quired by the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 373. A letter from the Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmitting a report entitled, ‘‘The D.C. Government Must Improve Policies and Practices for the Pro-tection of Personally Identifiable Informa-tion’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 374. A letter from the Staff Director, U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, transmitting the Commission’s Annual Performance and Accountability Report for FY 2016, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107- 289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 375. A letter from the Acting Deputy Direc-tor, Bureau of Land Management, Depart-ment of the Interior, transmitting the De-partment’s report, ‘‘Eliminating Principal or Major Users on Tracts of Land in California, Colorado, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, Idaho, Wyo-ming, and Montana (exceeding 100,000 acres)’’, pursuant to 43 U.S.C. 1712(e)(2); Pub-lic Law 94-579, Sec. 202(e)(2); (90 Stat. 2749); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 376. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Department’s determination on a petition filed on behalf of workers who were employed at Area IV of the Santa Susana Field Laboratory in Ventura County, California, to be added to the Special Expo-sure Cohort, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 7384q(c)(2); Public Law 106-398, Sec. 1 (as amended by Public Law 108-375, Sec. 3166(b)(1)); (118 Stat. 2188) and 42 U.S.C. 7384l(14)(C)(ii); Public Law 106-398, Sec. 1 (as amended by Public Law 108-375, Sec. 3166(b)(2)); (118 Stat. 2189); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 377. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting the annual report required by provisions of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 922 note; Public Law 103-159, Sec. 103(e)(1)(E) (as added by Public Law 110-180, Sec. 101(a)); (121 Stat. 2561); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 378. A letter from the Clerk, United States Court of Appeals, transmitting an opinion of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, USA v. Cesar Bernel-Aveja, No. 15-20308, USDC No. 4:15-CR-37-1; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 379. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Office of General Counsel, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Credit for Lower Tier Small Business Subcontracting (RIN: 3245-AG71) received January 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Small Business. 380. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, Office of General Counsel, Small Business Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Small Business Investment Companies: Passive Business Ex-pansion and Technical Clarifications (RIN: 3245-AG67) received January 24, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Small Business. 381. A letter from the Director, National Legislative Division, American Legion, transmitting a financial statement and inde-pendent audit of The American Legion, and proceedings of the 98th Annual National Con-vention of the American Legion, held in Cin-cinnati, Ohio from August 30 — September 1, 2016, and a report on the organization’s ac-tivities for the year preceding the conven-tion (H. Doc. No. 115—16); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and ordered to be print-ed. 382. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Labor, transmitting a report titled ‘‘A Study of the Self-Employment Assistance Program: Helping Unemployed Workers Pur-sue Self-Employment’’, pursuant to 26 U.S.C. 3304 note; Public Law 112-96, Sec. 2183(b)(2); (126 Stat. 184); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 383. A letter from the Federal Register Li-aison Officer, Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s temporary rule — Changes to Certain Alcohol-Related Regulations Governing Bond Requirements and Tax Return Filing Periods [Docket No.: TTB-2016-0013; T.D. TTB-146; Re: Notice No.: 167] (RIN: 1513-AC30) received January 24, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 384. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Insular Areas, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting the Department’s ‘‘Report to the Congress: Compact Impact Analysis of 2015 Reports from Guam and Hawaii’’, along with the related report ‘‘Impact of the Com-pacts of Free Association on Guam FY (Fis-cal Year) 2004 through FY 2015’’, pursuant to 48 U.S.C. 1921c(e)(8); Public Law 108-188, Sec. 104(e)(8); (117 Stat. 2741); jointly to the Com-mittees on Natural Resources and Foreign Affairs. 385. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmit-ting the Attorney General’s First Quarterly Report of FY 2017 on the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994, pursuant to 38 U.S.C. 4332(b)(1); Pub-lic Law 103-353, Sec. 2(a) (as added by Public Law 110-389, Sec. 312(c)); (122 Stat. 4165); jointly to the Committees on the Judiciary and Veterans’ Affairs. 386. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report enti-tled ‘‘Finalizing Medicare Rules under Sec-tion 902 of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 for Calendar Year (CY) 2016’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395hh(a)(3)(D); Public Law 108-173, Sec. 902(a)(1); (117 Stat. 2375); jointly to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. CUMMINGS (for himself, Mr. C
HAFFETZ , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , and Ms. J ACKSON LEE): H.R. 702. A bill to amend the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 to strengthen Federal antidiscrimination laws enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Com-mission and expand accountability within the Federal government, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself, Mr. HUIZENGA , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. B
EYER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. K IL-
MER, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. C OOPER , and Mr. P
ERLMUTTER ): H.R. 703. A bill to establish the 50th Anni-versary Apollo I Memorial; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. S
TIVERS , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. P AULSEN , and Ms. S
INEMA ): H.R. 704. A bill to amend the Federal Home Loan Bank Act to expand the purposes of ad-vances and collateral available to commu-nity development financial institutions; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. FLORES (for himself, Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. G UTHRIE , and Mr. C OL-
LINS of New York): H.R. 705. A bill to amend titles XI and XIX of the Social Security Act to promote pro-gram integrity with respect to the enroll-ment of certain immigrants in State plans under Medicaid, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 706. A bill to amend title I of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act to require verification for eligibility for enroll-ment during special enrollment periods in PPACA insurance plans, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 707. A bill to amend the Social Secu-rity Act to improve choices available to Medicare eligible seniors by permitting them to elect (instead of regular Medicare bene-fits) to receive a voucher for a health savings account, for premiums for a high deductible health insurance plan, or both and by sus-pending Medicare late enrollment penalties between ages 65 and 70; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 708. A bill to amend title XXVII of the Public Health Service Act to change the per-missible age variation in health insurance premium rates; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 709. A bill to provide for notification to consumers before a video service collects visual or auditory information from the viewing area and to provide consumers with choices that do not involve the collection of such information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. FLORES: H.R. 710. A bill to amend the Patient Pro-tection and Affordable Care Act to better align the grace period required for non-pay-ment of premiums before discontinuing cov-erage under qualified health plans with such grace periods provided for under State law; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. COHEN (for himself, Mr. T
ED L
IEUof California, and Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27JA7.000 H27JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH702 January 27, 2017 
H.R. 711. A bill to prohibit States from car-rying out more than one Congressional redis-tricting after a decennial census and appor-tionment, to require States to conduct such redistricting through independent commis-sions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COOPER (for himself, Mr. P
ETERSON , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. S
CHRADER , Mrs. M URPHY of Flor-ida, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , and Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ): H.R. 712. A bill to prohibit States from car-rying out more than one Congressional redis-tricting after a decennial census and appor-tionment, to require States to conduct such redistricting through independent commis-sions, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COOPER (for himself, Mr. P
ETERSON , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. S
CHRADER , Mrs. M URPHY of Flor-ida, and Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ): H.R. 713. A bill to require States to carry out Congressional redistricting in accord-ance with a process under which members of the public are informed of redistricting pro-posals and have the opportunity to partici-pate in the development of such proposals prior to their adoption, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 714. A bill to provide for the legiti-mate use of medicinal marihuana in accord-ance with the laws of the various States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRIFFITH (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENAUER ): H.R. 715. A bill to provide for the resched-uling of marihuana, the medical use of mari-huana in accordance with State law, and the exclusion of cannabidiol from the definition of marihuana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 716. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to encourage the use of 529 plans and Coverdell education savings ac-counts, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. B
UR-
GESS, Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. B ABIN): H.R. 717. A bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to require review of the economic cost of adding a species to the list of endangered species or threatened species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. TIBERI (for himself, Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. G IBBS, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. T URNER , Mr. J OHN-
SON of Ohio, Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. C
HABOT ): H.R. 718. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the unlawful dis-posal of fetal remains, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WALKER (for himself, Mr. D
UN-
CANof South Carolina, Mr. B RAT, Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. B UDD, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. B UCK, Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Mr. P ALMER , and Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER ): H.R. 719. A bill to allow a State to submit a declaration of intent to the Secretary of Education to combine certain funds to im-prove the academic achievement of students; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself and Mr. PEARCE ): H.J. Res. 34. A joint resolution dis-approving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of the Interior regarding requirements for exploratory drilling on the Arctic Outer Continental Shelf; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.J. Res. 35. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of the Interior relat-ing to ‘‘Non-Subsistence Take of Wildlife, and Public Participation and Closure Proce-dures, on National Wildlife Refuges in Alaska‘‘; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Ms. SCHAKOWSKY (for herself, Mr. G
RAVES of Missouri, and Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD ): H. Res. 64. A resolution recognizing the roles and contributions of America’s Cer-tified Registered Nurse Anesthetists (CRNAs) and their role in providing quality healthcare for the public; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CAPUANO: H. Res. 65. A resolution urging the Presi-dent to seek an independent investigation into the death of Tibetan Buddhist leader and social activist Tenzin Delek Rinpoche and to publicly call for an end to the repres-sive policies used by the People’s Republic of China in Tibet; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for her-self, Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. B ASS, Mr. S
CHIFF , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. S EWELL  of Alabama, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. K
ILMER , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): H. Res. 66. A resolution recognizing Janu-ary 2017 as ‘‘National Mentoring Month’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Ms. M
ENG, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , and Mr. L ANGEVIN ): H. Res. 67. A resolution expressing support for designation of November 2017, as ‘‘Na-tional Bladder Health Month’’; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. HASTINGS (for himself and Mr. W
OODALL ): H. Res. 68. A resolution condemning Pales-tinian incitement and reaffirming the spe-cial bond between Israel and the United States; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. CUMMINGS: H.R. 702. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 703. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 704. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3 and Clause 18. By Mr. FLORES: H.R. 705. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Clause 18 By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 706. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 707. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 708. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 709. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Mr. FLORES: H.R. 710. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To Regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 711. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 4 By Mr. COOPER: H.R. 712. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 4 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. COOPER: H.R. 713. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 4 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 714. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GRIFFITH: H.R. 715. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MESSER: H.R. 716. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:09 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L27JA7.100 H27JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H703 January 27, 2017 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’ and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which empowers Congress to ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ By Mr. OLSON: H.R. 717. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. TIBERI: H.R. 718. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Supreme Court’s Commerce Clause precedents and under the Constitution’s grants of powers to Congress under the Equal Protection, Due Process, and Enforcement Clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment. By Mr. WALKER: H.R. 719. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Secction 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.J. Res. 34. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.J. Res. 35. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 80: Mr. K NIGHT and Mr. F RANCIS ROO-
NEYof Florida. H.R. 82: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. J ONES , Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. B OST, Mr. A
DERHOLT , and Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 184: Ms. C
HENEY , Mr. S CHNEIDER , and Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 267: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. R
ICHMOND , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. T HOMPSON  of Mississippi, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. L EE, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 332: Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. S
OTO, and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 334: Mr. S
OTOand Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 352: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 358: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York and Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 367: Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. G
ARRETT , and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 380: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 407: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 439: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 459: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 489: Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ECK, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. N AD-
LER, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K IND, Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. E
NGEL , and Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 490: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 525: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 550: Mr. C
OOK, Mr. S IRES, and Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 598: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 630: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia and Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H.R. 682: Mr. B
RIDENSTINE . H.R. 696: Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. V ELA, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. P
INGREE , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Geor- gia, Mr. K
IND, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N of New Mexico, Ms. T
ITUS, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. S AR-
BANES , Mr. J ONES , Mr. T HOMPSON of Cali- fornia, and Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H.J. Res. 31: Ms. B
ONAMICI . H. Res. 44: Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H. Res. 60: Mr. B
ARR, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. M
ACARTHUR , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. L ANCE . H. Res. 61: Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. T
ONKO , Mr. C ORREA , and Mr. J EFFRIES . f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
4. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Council of the City of Roanoke, VA, rel-ative to Resolution No. 40737-010317, urging Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Senator Mark Warner, Senator Tim Kaine, and all United States Senators to reintro-duce the Marketplace Fairness Act into the United States Senate during its 2017 session; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5. Also, a petition of the Legislature of Or-leans County, New York, relative to Resolu-tion No. 475-1216, urging Congress to pass Legislation, H.R. 6397, ‘‘Protection of Mili-tary Airfields from Wind Turbine Encroach-ment Act’’ and President-Elect Donald J. Trump to enact the same; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:59 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JA7.022 H27JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S459 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, JANUARY 27, 2017 No. 14 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 and 3 seconds a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 2017, AT 3 P.M. The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until Monday, January 30, 2017, at 3 p.m. Thereupon, the Senate, at 10 and 14 seconds a.m., adjourned until Monday, January 30, 2017, at 3 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A27JA6.000 S27JAPT1rfrederick on DSKBCBPHB2PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE93 January 27, 2017 
NO TAXPAYER FUNDING FOR ABORTION AND ABORTION IN-SURANCE FULL DISCLOSURE ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ANNA G. ESHOO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, January 24, 2017 Ms. ESHOO. Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 7, the No Tax-payer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insur-ance Full Disclosure Act. This bill is an unprecedented attack on a woman’s right to make her own healthcare de-cisions and another attempt by Republicans to undermine the Affordable Care Act (ACA). This legislation goes far beyond the long- standing Hyde Amendment which Congress passes every year during the Appropriations process preventing taxpayer dollars from being used for abortions. The Hyde Amend-ment is included in each Appropriations bill every year. This bill stretches increase taxes on millions of individuals and small businesses that purchase private healthcare plans that in-clude abortion coverage. It takes away protec-tions for rape survivors and pregnant women whose lives are in danger, and bans women in the military from abortion care in a military hospital overseas, even if they use their own money to pay for that care. This will deny mil-lions of American women access to truly com-prehensive health care. A woman’s right to choose whether to end a pregnancy is protected constitutionally. The decision is private. It is a matter of faith and it is a matter of conscience. I believe women already have the right to make decisions about reproductive health care, that it is pro-tected constitutionally. This legislation should be rejected for its overly broad reach, its false advertising and its attack on the constitu-tionally protected right to privacy. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, January 24, 2017, I was absent for Roll Call vote 63. Had I been present for Roll Call vote 63, H. Res. 55—Providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 7) to prohibit taxpayer funded abortions, I would have voted ‘‘no’’. THE NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH FUNDING DEFICIT HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to clarify a statistic I inadvertently misstated on the House Floor on January 3rd. I intended to highlight how medical research at the National Institutes of Health has been cut by $7.5 billion since 2003, when adjusted for inflation. The cost of conducting medical research in-creases each year, yet the NIH’s budget has not kept up with this pace. As a result, the NIH has been able to support less research each year. Thankfully we started to reverse this trend in 2016, when we provided a $2 billion increase however that is not nearly enough to close the gap. Even with the money provided by 21st Cen-tury Cures for the next decade, Congress has barely put a dent in the NIH’s funding deficit. For example, in 2017, with the increase pro-vided in the House Mark and the Cures bill, the NIH would still be over $7 billion short of the 2003 level. I would also note that the Cures funding is a gimmick—there is no guarantee that Con-gress will provide that funding each year. I regret my error in omitting the term ‘‘when adjusted for inflation.’’ But it is clear that when you look at the cost of research and the money we appropriate for the NIH, we have a long way to go. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, due to numerous flight delays caused by weather along the southeast, I was not present during the vote series held on Monday, January 23, 2017. Had I been present I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. H.R. 423 and YEA on Roll Call No. H.R. 582. 
f 
PROMOTING THE 2017 MARCH FOR LIFE 
HON. F. JAMES SENSENBRENNER, JR. 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, I proudly rise to recognize the March for Life on Friday January 27th, 2017 here in Washington D.C. This is a gathering of thousands of Amer-icans from across our great country, all who are standing up for the protection of unborn children. Ever since the abysmal ruling by the Su-preme Court in Roe vs. Wade, the barbaric practice of abortion on demand has been rampant in our country. All too often we fall into the trap of conflating women’s health with abortion, assuming that if one supports pro-tecting life, then we’re failing to care for wom-en’s health. Nothing could be further from the truth. I stand here today with the millions of Amer-icans across our country who believe that the lives of innocent children must be protected. I have long been a staunch advocate for pro-life issues despite vocal opposition. As Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, I shep-herded the partial-birth abortion ban through Congress. It was one of my greatest honors to watch President George W. Bush sign it into law, and I was relieved that the Supreme Court upheld it. I have fully supported every effort in Congress to stop federally funded abortions, both in the United States and abroad, and will continue to fight efforts to fed-erally fund these horrific practices. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, on January 23, 2017, I missed roll call vote 60 due to un-avoidable delay. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on final passage of H.R. 423, the Anti-Spoofing Act. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE ASSYRIAN AMERICAN CIVIC CLUB OF TURLOCK 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Assyrian American Civic Club of Turlock as we celebrate its seventieth-year an-niversary. Since the club’s founding in 1946, it has provided service to Assyrian Americans in the City of Turlock through the promotion and protection of the Assyrian culture, education, religion and humanitarian rights. The club was established in the fall of 1946 to help families preserve their deep rooted cul-ture that can be passed on to future genera-tions. It is progressive in nature not only to the benefit of Assyrian Americans, but also to all in California’s 10th Congressional District. The members of the Assyrian American Civic Club of Turlock recognize civic responsi-bility to their people and allegiance to the United States of America. It is in their core in-terests to uphold the principles of freedom and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K27JA8.001 E27JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE94 January 27, 2017 
democracy, support the Constitution, instill a sense of individual obligation and responsi-bility for Assyrian unity, and support programs that perpetuate Assyrian cultural heritage. The club is dedicated to promoting goodwill and understanding among Assyrians and non-As-syrians alike. The club also recognizes and values the im-portance of education. On March 13, 2002, it created the Assyrian Civic Club Education Foundation. This 501(c)3 non-profit continues to provide hundreds of scholarships to high school and university students, as it has done so for the past 15 years. The foundation edu-cates, informs, and enhances cultural values for Assyrians in the community through their own local radio and television programs. Addi-tionally, the civic club has its own facility that the community at large utilizes, while also serving as a place for Assyrian Americans to come together for social, recreation and edu-cational activities. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and recognizing the seventieth anniversary of the Assyrian American Civic Club of Turlock for its service and outstanding contributions to the Assyrian community as we celebrate this im-portant milestone. 
f 
CELEBRATING 75 YEARS OF THE UNITED WAY OF GREATER AU-GUSTA 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, it’s the peo-ple who make a community a great place to live, work, and in my case, represent. The generosity of the community and their care for their neighbors defines this part of Virginia. Over the past 75 years, the United Way has harnessed these values and used them as a catalyst to improve the lives of people in the community. Around 1942, United Way organizations were founded in Staunton and Waynesboro. As these organizations continued to grow, in 2004 they merged to become the United Way of Greater Augusta, Inc. in order to offer more effective services to the community. This orga-nization has long worked toward positive change in their community, and I am honored to pay tribute to the United Way of Greater Augusta, Inc. as they celebrate 75 years of service to the people of Staunton, Waynes-boro, and Augusta County. Through grants, workplace campaigns, cor-porate partnerships, and individual donations, the United Way has raised funds to help make a positive impact in the community. They have helped families and individuals in the Greater Augusta region by providing support to local agencies like the Valley Children’s Advocacy Center, the Daily Living Center, Valley Hope Counseling Center, and Renewing Homes. The United Way has also made targeted in-vestments in programs such as Stuff the Bus, the Financial Stability Center, and Imagination Library. The work of the United Way has evolved throughout its 75 year history, and I am confident that it will continue to do so to meet both the short-term and long-term needs of those it serves in the Greater Augusta re-gion. There are many people responsible for the continued growth and success of the United Way of Greater Augusta. Countless volunteers have donated their time to serve the commu-nity. Board Members have served as active voices in the community for the United Way’s work. Staff members have worked hard to pro-mote the work of the United Way and make sure the wheels run smoothly on a day-to-day basis. While I extend my gratitude to all of these individuals, I also want to specifically recognize Cynthia Pritchard for her service as President and CEO of the United Way of Greater Augusta. As she prepares to leave this position, it is clear that much of the good work of this organization would not have been possible without her guidance and leadership over the past seven and a half years. Congratulations to the United Way of Great-er Augusta on this momentous occasion. I wish them all the best, and look forward to the positive impact they will continue to make. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE ACCOM-PLISHMENTS OF THE SOUTHERN WAYNE COUNTY REGIONAL CHAMBER DURING ITS 50TH AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Southern Wayne County Re-gional Chamber’s 50 Year Anniversary on the date of its Business to Business Exposition Best of Downriver Black Tie Event. The SWCRC has played a critical role in promoting business and economic development by pro-viding training and leadership opportunities to the Downriver community. Since its founding in 1967, the SWCRC has helped the Downriver business community grow and prosper. The SWCRC today has over 650 members and provides them with a variety of networking, business development and education programs. The SWCRC gives emerging leaders in Southern Wayne County education and training through its Leadership 21 initiative, a six month program that gives individuals multidisciplinary training in the fields of economic development, government and healthcare. Additionally, the Chamber of-fers opportunities to network and meet other members of the business community, as well as promotional events and roundtables with leaders in a variety of fields. These services have allowed businesses to better serve the individuals in the Downriver area, have helped to improve the business climate in Southern Wayne County and have contributed to the economic revival of southeast Michigan. The SWCRC’s efforts have been instru-mental in creating a strong business commu-nity that effectively serves the Downriver area. Its efforts have inspired a new generation of business leaders who are uniquely equipped to address the issues facing the community. It has also allowed organizations in the area to share best practices and better serve Downriver. I am proud to recognize the out-standing efforts of the SWCRC and its mem-bers, and it is my hope that they continue to make Southern Wayne County a great place to live and work in the coming years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the Southern Wayne Regional Chamber and its 50 years of success. Its work on behalf of the Downriver community has played a key role in helping the area grow and develop while providing jobs and other oppor-tunities. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 8TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE LILLY LEDBETTER FAIR PAY ACT 
HON. JOYCE BEATTY 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, Sunday, our country recognizes the eighth anniversary of the landmark Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, which former President Obama signed into law on January 29, 2009. Congress passed and President Obama signed this legislation into law, the first of his Administration, in response to the U.S. Su-preme Court decision, Ledbetter v. Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., 550 U.S. 618 (2007) , that severely restricted the time period for filing pay discrimination complaints against one’s employer. In the underlying case, Lilly Ledbetter, a production supervisor at the Goodyear Tire and Rubber plant in Gadsden, Alabama, dis-covered that she was being paid less than her male counterparts for nearly two decades. Then and there, she made the decision to fight back for paycheck equality. Unfortunately, the U.S. Supreme Court un-dercut her fight in ruling that Ledbetter could not bring a wage discrimination suit under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 simply be-cause she did not file her claim within 180 days of a discriminatory salary decision. Despite the U.S. Supreme Court’s ruling, Ledbetter’s fight was not in vain because Con-gress, in 2009, passed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, which helps ensure fair pay for all Americans by expanding the time period in which employees may challenge an employ-er’s compensation decision. Because of this law, women today have the right to pursue legal action for pay discrimina-tion—whenever it occurs. Unfortunately, equal pay for equal work has not become a reality. In 2015, the pay gap between men and women still remains, as women made only 83 cents for every dollar earned by their male counterparts. And for women of color, that gap is even wider. During the same time, African-American women made 65 cents to every dollar earned by men. Hispanic women, faring even worse than black women, made only 58 cents to every dollar earned by their White male counter-parts. Pay disparities not only affect women during their careers, but follows them into retirement, reducing pensions and Social Security benefits because of a lifetime of lower wages and less money to invest. This negative impact is last-ing because it affects generations yet unborn. As we mark this anniversary, let us recom-mit ourselves to ending discrimination against women in all forms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JA8.006 E27JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE95 January 27, 2017 
In the 115th Congress, I will proudly join the Democratic Caucus in continuing the fight for equal pay for equal work, investment in em-ployment opportunities for women, and raising the minimum wage. Because as we know, when ‘‘Women Succeed, America Succeeds.’’ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MR. LEON A. THOMPSON’S 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. ADRIANO ESPAILLAT 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the celebration of Mr. Leon A. Thompson’s 100th birthday. With nearly a cen-tury passing, Mr. Thompson has dedicated his life to his family, St. Mark’s the Evangelist Catholic Church, the City of New York, and giving back to his Harlem community. Mr. Thompson was born on January 28, 1917 in Washington, D.C. At 18 years old, Mr. Thompson and his three sisters moved to New York City where he has lived since. For 32 years, Mr. Thompson operated the Number 3 and other train lines comprising the original A Division of the Interborough Rapid Transit Company (IRT). These lines later became in-corporated into the modern day New York City Transportation Authority. As a subway motor-man for over three decades, he contributed to an era of growth and modernization of a thriv-ing, welcoming and inclusive New York City. Throughout his life, Mr. Thompson has dedi-cated all the time and effort he could exert for St. Mark’s the Evangelist Catholic Church in Harlem over the last 82 years. This makes him one of the longest practicing parishioners to the church and an indelible figure serving on many boards and ministries. Mr. Thompson has known and worked with every pastor in St. Mark’s the Evangelist Catholic Church dur-ing its 109-year history. For a time, Mr. Thompson worked as an electrician at the Brooklyn Navy Yard. When his work day ended he spent his remaining time working to improve St. Mark’s the Evangelist Catholic Church installing a public announcement sys-tem, lighting system, and refurbishing the pews for the benefit of parishioners and stu-dents of St. Mark’s the Evangelist School whose space was shared. In his spare time, Mr. Thompson taught many young men in his church and community commercial, labor and vocational skills that they employed building and improving New York City. Mr. Thompson has dedicated his life to his fellow parishioners at St. Mark’s the Evangelist Catholic Church, his neighbors and residents of Harlem, and New York City for 82 years. His contributions to the Harlem commu-nity and New York City has made him a role model for all persons, regardless of creed or affiliation, as a public servant and exemplary citizen. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have had the time to recognize and celebrate the tremen-dous life of Mr. Leon A. Thompson and his 100th birthday celebration. THE APOLLO 1 MEMORIAL ACT HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the ‘‘Apollo 1 Memorial Act’’. Today is the 50th Anniversary of the tragedy which claimed the lives of three brave American heroes. This piece of legislation is meant to honor their leg-acy and ensure we never forgot by creating a memorial for them in our national shrine for heroes, Arlington National Cemetery. On January 27, 1967, Astronauts Command Pilot Virgil I. ‘‘Gus’’ Grissom, Senior Pilot Ed-ward H. White II, and Pilot Roger B. Chaffee were killed in an electrical fire that broke out inside their Apollo I Command Module on Launch Pad 34 at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida. The accident led to a detailed internal investigation and con-gressional hearings. As a result of their sac-rifice NASA made improvements and changes to the Apollo program which ultimately re-sulted in Apollo 11 landing on the moon two years later. Although all three astronauts were post-humously awarded the Congressional Space Medal of Honor, these three fearless astro-nauts who were set to be the first Americans into space under the Apollo program have not received a memorial at Arlington as was done for the Space Shuttle Challenger and Colum- bia crews. This bill would redress that unfortunate omission which continues to be a burden on the hearts of those who loved them. Arlington National Cemetery is where we recognize he-roes who have passed in the service of the Nation. It is fitting that on the 50th anniversary of the Apollo I accident we acknowledge these astronauts by building a memorial in their honor. This bill would direct the Secretary of the Army, in consultation with the Adminis-trator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), to construct at an ap-propriate place in Arlington National Cemetery, a memorial marker honoring these three he-roic men. In addition to $500,000 from the Army’s fis-cal year 2017 operations and maintenance ap-propriated funds, the bill provides the NASA Administrator with the authority to accept do-nations of services, money, and property to help allay the cost of the memorial marker. In closing, Mr. Speaker, on the 50th anni-versary of the Apollo 1 accident, we have the opportunity to honor these three brave men and their contribution to America’s pre-eminence in human spaceflight. It is time to build a memorial so that current and future Americans never forget their sacrifice. I hope my colleagues on both sides of the aisle can come together to support this legislation hon-oring these heroes. INTRODUCTION OF JOHN TANNER FAIRNESS AND INDEPENDENCE IN REDISTRICTING ACT HON. STEVE COHEN 
OF TENNESSEE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, January 27, 2017 Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the John Tanner Fairness and Independ-ence in Redistricting Act, a bill I introduced earlier today. The President of the United States has said our elections are ‘‘rigged.’’ When it comes to the drawing of Congressional districts, he may well be right. In most states, districts are drawn by the state legislature, and as a result, whichever party controls the state legislature ends up drawing Congressional districts specifically de-signed to maximize the number of Congres-sional seats that party can win. In other words, the elected officials choose the voters, instead of the voters choosing the elected officials. If enacted, the John Tanner Fairness and Independence in Redistricting Act would fix this by requiring states to use bipartisan redis-tricting commissions to draw maps. No single party would get to control the process. Historically, both parties have engaged in gerrymandering to some extent or another. But that does not make it right. In a representative democracy, the people need to be able to freely and fairly choose their elected representatives. Unfortunately, that is not always happening. In 2012, Democrats received more than 1.1 million more votes across the country than Re-publicans for the House of Representatives, but because of the way the maps were drawn, Republicans won almost 54 percent of the House seats. In 2016, it has been estimated that Repub-licans won approximately 51 percent of the votes cast across the country for the House of Representatives, but won more than 55 per-cent of the House seats. This is not what the Founders envisioned. They designed the House of Representatives to be the Congressional chamber that most accurately reflects the views of the people. The failure of the House to more accurately reflect the will of the electorate is a formula for the electorate to lose faith in the institution. It makes people cynical and discourages them from participating. We can do better. A democracy is supposed to be a market-place of ideas. The playing field is supposed to be fair and competitive, not gerrymandered and monopolized. I urge my colleagues to pass this bill, and help restore some much needed faith in Con-gress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:42 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A27JA8.009 E27JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D76 Friday, January 27, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 10:00:03 a.m. in pro forma ses-sion, and adjourned at 10:00:14 a.m. until 3 p.m., on Monday, January 30, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 18 pub-lic bills, H.R. 702–719; and 7 resolutions, H.J. Res. 34–35; and H. Res. 64–68 were introduced. 
                                                                                      Pages H701–02 
Additional Cosponsors:                                         Page H703 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Messer to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                              Page H691 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Scott Wilson, Capitol Hill Presbyterian Church, Washington, DC.
          Page H691 
British-American Interparliamentary Group— Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the British-American Inter-parliamentary Group: Representative Holding, Chairman; Representatives Hill, Latta, Aderholt, and Roe (TN).
                                                                        Page H691 
United States Group of the NATO Parliamen-tary Assembly—Appointment: The Chair an-nounced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the United States Group of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly: Representative Turner, Chairman; Representatives Johnson (OH), Marino, Guthrie, Cook, Kinzinger, and Shimkus.
                                                                 Page H691 
House Commission on Congressional Mailing Standards—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members to the House Commission on Congressional Mailing Standards: Representative Rodney Davis (IL), Chair-man; Representatives Latta and Comstock.    Page H691 
Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institu-tion—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution: Representatives Sam John-son (TX) and Cole.
                                                     Page H691 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Eu-rope—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Representative Smith (NJ), Co-Chairman; Representatives Aderholt, Bur-gess, Hultgren, and Hudson.
                                Page H691 
Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission—Ap-pointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s ap-pointment of the following Member to serve as Co- Chair of the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commis-sion: Representative Hultgren.
                             Page H692 
House Democracy Partnership—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member to the House Democracy Partnership: Representative Roskam, Chairman. 
                                                                                              Page H692 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 2 p.m. and ad-journed at 2:05 p.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JA7.REC D27JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D77 January 27, 2017 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Foreign Relations: organizational business meeting to consider committee rules, an original resolu-tion authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 115th Congress, and subcommittee membership, 5 p.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: organi-zational business meeting to consider committee rules, an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the com-mittee during the 115th Congress, and the nomination of Linda E. McMahon, of Connecticut, to be Administrator of the Small Business Administration, time to be an-nounced, S–216, Capitol. House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on a house joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protec-tion Rule; a house joint resolution providing for congres-sional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Securities and Ex-change Commission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Extraction Issuers’’; and a house joint resolu-tion providing for congressional disapproval under chap-ter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Social Security Administration relating to Imple-mentation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D27JA7.REC D27JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD78 January 27, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, January 30 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: After the transaction of any morning business (not to extend beyond 5 p.m.), Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Rex W. Tillerson, of Texas, to be Secretary of State, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 p.m., Monday, January 30 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beatty, Joyce, Ohio, E93, E94 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E95 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E93 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E93 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E94 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E93 Espaillat, Adriano, N.Y., E95 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E94 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E93 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E95 Sensenbrenner, F. James, Jr., Wisc., E93 Webster, Daniel, Fla., E93 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jan 28, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D27JA7.REC D27JAPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST