Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H8297 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 2017 No. 177 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. M
ARSHALL ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, November 1, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable R
OGER W. M
ARSHALL to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MICHELLE BAUER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, last week, I congratu-lated St. Marys Area High School stu-dent Michelle Bauer on winning first place in the 34th annual Pennsylvania Municipal League high school essay contest. Participants were asked to reflect on the theme ‘‘Civics and You’’ by writing about opportunities in their commu-nity that allow for civic engagement and encourage citizens to volunteer to help with local challenges. Today, I would like to share a por-tion of Michelle’s essay: ‘‘When I hear the word ‘civic,’ I think of governmental duties. I understand my duty as an American citizen to vote, obey laws, pay taxes, and serve on juries. These activities all involve one person: yourself. In reality, our civic engagement as Americans ex-pands beyond a single individual and encompasses entire communities. The definition of a civic engagement is an activity that includes both paid and unpaid forms of political activism, environmentalism, and service. As I look at my community, it is apparent that we have a lot of civic engage-ments. ‘‘As with most towns, mine has a city council that holds meetings and elec-tions for positions on the council. These elections are open to every mem-ber of the city and are an excellent way for citizens to have a say in the politics of the town. Just as the elections are open to all citizens so are the weekly meetings. A unique feature about my town’s council meetings is that they are televised on a local channel. For in-dividuals who are unable to physically be present at the meeting or have com-mitments that require attention, this televised version provides a perfect so-lution to keep abreast of the issues af-fecting our citizens. ‘‘Along with a local city council, it is also a civic duty of individuals in my community to vote and participate in elections and meetings at the school district level. Anyone is able to run for a position on the school board as well as attend the meetings. For me, our school board is a great way of civic in-volvement because the board is inter-ested in new opportunities that can be incorporated into the education of our youth. Just recently, I attended a board meeting where the topic of ro-bots was discussed. As a member of a small competition group, we were able to present our success and the benefit of curriculum that includes new tech-nology. One month later, it was an-nounced that a robotics class will be offered in the upcoming school year. This will allow even more students to enhance their education and perhaps encourage new career choices. ‘‘In my community, the civic engage-ments do not stop on the political level. One of the most prominent forms of civic engagement I see in my com-munity that is not related to politics is the placing of wreaths on the grave-stones of fallen soldiers for Memorial Day. Citizens from all over town come together the weekend before Memorial Day and walk through the entire ceme-tery adorning and honoring the heroes of our country. This event is not for publicity or money but instead is for respecting our veterans. Additionally, it is for the betterment of our commu-nity by presenting a beautiful scene to those passing by.’’ Michelle goes on to write: ‘‘Onlookers can also be mesmerized by the beauty of the mountainous rural area. Unfortunately, garbage and litter on the side of roads and highways is so commonplace that most individuals do not even do a double-take when they see it. The highway through my town is an area where individuals think it is acceptable to throw garbage out of their vehicles or litter the sides of the road with cigarette butts and wrappers. For the past 7 years, I have been a part of the National Honor Society highway cleanup. Every spring and fall, the so-ciety walks the sides of the roads pick-ing up trash and making our town look beautiful.’’ Mr. Speaker, this is just a portion of Michelle’s essay, and I include in the R
ECORD the full essay. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.000 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8298 November 1, 2017 
34THANNUAL PENNSYLVANIA MUNICIPAL  L
EAGUE HIGHSCHOOL ESSAY CONTEST WINNER  
1ST PLACE HIGH SCHOOL ESSAY WINNER : 
MICHELLE BAUER —ST. MARYS AREA HIGH  
SCHOOL  When I hear the word civic, I think of gov-ernmental duties. I understand my duty as an American citizen to vote, obey laws, pay taxes, and serve on juries. These activities all involve one person: yourself. In reality, our civic engagement as Americans expands beyond a single individual and encompasses entire communities. The definition of a civic engagement is an activity that includes both paid and unpaid forms of political activism, environmentalism, and service. As I look at my community, it is apparent that we have a lot of civic engagements. As with most towns, mine has a city coun-cil that holds meetings and elections for po-sitions on the council. These elections are open to every member of the city and are an excellent way for citizens to have a say in the politics of the town. Just as the elections are open to all citizens so are the weekly meetings. A unique feature about my town’s council meetings is that they are televised on a local channel. For individuals who are unable to physically be present at the meet-ing or have commitments that require atten-tion, this televised version provides a perfect solution to keep abreast of the issues affect-ing our citizens. Along with a local city council, it is also a civic duty of individuals in my community to vote and participate in elections and meetings at the school district level. Anyone is able to run for a position on the school board as well as attend the meetings. For me, our school board is a great way for civic involvement because the board is interested in new opportunities that can be incor-porated into the education of our youth. Just recently, I attended a board meeting where the topic of robots was discussed. As a mem-ber of a small competition group, we were able to present our success and the benefit of curriculum that includes new technology. One month later, it was announced that a ro-botics class will be offered in the upcoming school year. This will allow even more stu-dents to enhance their education and per-haps encourage new career choices. In my community, the civic engagements do not stop on the political level. One of the most prominent forms of civic engagement I see in my community that is not related to politics is the placing of wreaths on the gravestones of fallen soldiers for Memorial Day. Citizens from all over town come to-gether the weekend before Memorial Day and walk through the entire cemetery adorning and honoring the heroes of our country. This event is not for publicity or money but in-stead is for respecting our veterans. Addi-tionally, it is for the betterment of our com-munity by presenting a beautiful scene to those passing by. Onlookers can also be mesmerized by the beauty of the mountainous rural area. Unfor-tunately, garbage and litter on the side of roads and highways is so commonplace that most individuals do not even do a double- take when they see it. The highway through my town is an area where individuals think it is acceptable to throw garbage out of their vehicles or litter the sides of the road with cigarette butts and wrappers. For the past seven years, I have been a part of the Na-tional Honor Society highway cleanup. Every spring and fall, the society walks the sides of the roads picking up trash and mak-ing our town look beautiful. Volunteering to pick up the litter is not the only way to carry out civic responsi-bility. Everybody has either witnessed or di-rectly experienced an accident or fire that required the assistance of a fire department. The fire department is a critical part of a city keeping fires at bay and lending a hand wherever needed. In my community, these people work tirelessly day in and day out for the good of the community. Much of their assistance is not what would be depicted as heroic but rather, responding to flooding issues, weather related emergencies, traffic control, helicopter landing zones, and searching for missing hunters in addition to the rescue and fire calls. They are all volun-teers that give up their precious time as a civic duty to their community without ex-pecting recognition. We, the rest of the com-munity, have a duty to help support these people. One of the best ways to do this is to attend their pancake breakfasts that are used as a fundraiser. I am not a huge fan of pancakes and sausage so instead of helping the firefighters out by purchasing a meal, I volunteer to serve the meals to customers. It is the civic duty of individuals in my city to attend this pancake breakfast and show sup-port to the members of this department who tirelessly serve and assist us. Reporting for standby at a yearly event in July is another aspect of service that our firefighters join their community for. There are loud BOOMS echoing across the city and suddenly bright orbs of colorful lights burst-ing in the sky. This grand spectacle en-trances onlookers for half an hour with its bright lights and fun designs. A Fourth of July fireworks display like this costs money. Every year, our city struggles to come up with the funds needed to purchase fireworks. Businesses around the town make it their civic duty to help by setting out donation cans in their businesses. The local Dairy Queen even has a day where 30% of the prof-its from every blizzard purchased go to the city fireworks fund. As citizens in the com-munity, it is our duty to go to Dairy Queen on this day and purchase a blizzard as well as make donations in the cans set up at local businesses. Eating ice cream is certainly an enjoyable way to carry out a civic duty. The July show has been an important part of our community for many years thanks to the nu-merous supporters. We have many such events traced back in our records. Local history is like the heart of the human body. It shapes us, powers our being, and makes us unique. Without his-tory, individuals would not even be alive. A great example would be the Forty-Second Pennsylvania Volunteer Regiment (Bucktails) who were part of the Civil War. These rugged woodsmen were skilled marks-men and ideally suited to the challenges of battle. Stories say that this group was so in-fluential in fighting the war at Gettysburg that the entire outcome could have been dif-ferent without them. The grit and deter-mination of our local ancestors remains in current day lineage within our community. By knowing local history, members of the community have a sense of pride and can even feel at ease understanding that future generations will uphold the same virtues. My town has a Historical Society that is free to enter and accepts donations of local artifacts and history. As a member of the community, it is my civic engagement to donate any pieces of history I have so that others may benefit from it as well. It is also the duty of our community to visit the Historical Soci-ety and learn about our heritage and how we can use the skills of our people to better our society just like the Bucktails did in the Civil War. Civic engagements are abundant in our community. From the local fireman’s pan-cake breakfast to the city council meetings, civic activities are occurring all around us. It is the obligation of the citizens to engage in these activities to assist with local chal-lenges and create a better community for all of its members. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I will close with her final paragraph: ‘‘Civic engagements are abundant in our community. From the local fire-man’s pancake breakfast to the city council meetings, civic activities are occurring all around us. It is the obli-gation of the citizens to engage in these activities to assist with local challenges and create a better commu-nity for all of its members.’’ Mr. Speaker, I couldn’t agree more. 
f 
DOWN SYNDROME The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, last week, the Labor-HHS Appropria-tions Subcommittee had a most re-markable hearing on Down syndrome, which moved us to a new under-standing of this disability. DS is a genetic disorder that affects over 300,000 men, women, and children in America. It is the most common chromosomal disorder and the most frequent genetic cause of learning dis-abilities in children. Each year, approximately 6,000 babies in the United States are born with Down syndrome, a condition resulting from an extra 21st chromosome. Sixty years ago, people with DS had a life ex-pectancy of less than 20 years, and most lived their lives in institutions. Today, due to early medical care and being raised in loving homes, these children can expect to live well into their sixties. Last week’s hearing was one of the most emotionally charged and inspira-tional hearings I can recall as a mem-ber of this subcommittee. The room was filled with children and adults with DS and their families, including my young constituent, Jose Cisneros. Amidst the tears, laughter, and ap-plause, we heard inspiring stories about the amazing accomplishments of DS teens and young adults in sports, scouting, community activism, and film acting. We learned that they are graduating from high schools, attending colleges, and working at jobs in their commu-nities. And, most importantly, we saw how these young Americans are teaching our country about the value of diver-sity and inclusion, while at the same time increasing the happiness quotients of those lucky enough to be in their very wide circle of friends. We also learned some very surprising and amazing facts about Down syn-drome. Researchers told us that indi-viduals with DS are medically very special. On the one hand, they are highly predisposed to autoimmune dis-orders such as thyroid disease and rheumatoid arthritis; children with DS are 50 times more likely to develop 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.002 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8299 November 1, 2017 
childhood leukemia, and virtually all adults with DS will develop the brain pathology of Alzheimer’s by the age of 40. But they also said that due to a small difference in their genetic make-up, persons with Down syndrome are naturally protected from heart disease, high blood pressure, and most solid-tis-sue cancers. Researchers said studying these unique genetics could help dis-cover ways to prevent or cure diseases such as cancer, autoimmune disorders, and Alzheimer’s disease. With such promising potential, one would think the Federal Government would invest heavily in Down syn-drome research. Unfortunately, what we learned was that over the last two decades, DS has been one of the least funded genetic conditions at the NIH. This hearing left no doubt about the need for a significant and sustained in-vestment in Down syndrome research. A trans-NIH DS initiative could help not only find answers and cures for DS, but discover its mysteries, which could answer questions about other serious and life-threatening diseases. While the benefits of DS research are unquestionable, it will take time to re-alize its full potential. In the mean-time, we must ensure those living with DS can access and afford high-quality, coordinated healthcare and the long- term services and support they need to live productive lives in their commu-nities. Medicaid long-term supports and Medicaid community-based services gives them that opportunity by ena-bling them to maintain gainful em-ployment and stay in their homes and in their communities. Sadly, across our country, thousands of people with Down syndrome are on very long wait-ing lists for those services. As lawmakers, we have an obligation to find a bipartisan way to protect and expand Medicaid services so all individ-uals with DS and other debilitating diseases have access to the lifelong interventions and support they need. The time has come for this country to embrace the gift and potential that Down syndrome brings to our society. The 300,000-plus Americans living with DS today want and deserve the same opportunities available to all of us: to live a full life and to reach their true potential. 
f 
CARE FOR UNIVERSITY RAPE VICTIMS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, ever since she was a little girl, Silvana loved to play hockey. In her Massachu-setts hometown, hockey was more of a way of life than just a sport. Her parents knew she was talented, and supported her dream to play even in college. When she was offered a scholarship in 2011, to be the goalie for the University of Connecticut, Silvana felt like all of her dreams had come true, so she eagerly accepted. She pulled out of her driveway with her packed clothes and hockey gear, but she could have never known that in a few days her life would change for-ever. She could not have foreseen how a lifetime of hard work and ambition would suddenly disappear tragically. Like all new students, she was eager to immerse herself in her new college life. On the third day at the university, Silvana went to a house party with some new friends she met. But, after two drinks, she began to feel dizzy, numb, and lethargic. She quickly lost the ability to walk, and she became very ill. As she drifted out of con-sciousness, a male hockey player at the party instructed others to carry her to his bedroom. When she woke up, she found him on top of her, sexually as-saulting her. She immediately turned to the uni-versity for help and reported the as-sault at The Women’s Center. But the counselor did not tell her to call the police, advise her to press charges, or help her in any way. Silvana then went to the on-campus doctor. But instead of treating her like a victim and offering her the care and support she needed, the doctor told her that he didn’t want to know who as-saulted her. Get this, Mr. Speaker: the doctor told her, the remedy was for her to transfer to another university. This is awful. One in five women on our university campuses are sexually assaulted. Of those, less than 25 percent even report the rape. It took an extraordinary amount of courage for Silvana to report that sex-ual assault, especially to multiple peo-ple she didn’t even know. She was of-fered no help or no support by anyone. She was alone, and she felt it. The doctor wasn’t trained to deal with rape victims and made it clear he wanted nothing more to do with Silvana. The university clearly viewed Silvana as a burden, just another sta-tistic they didn’t want to deal with. Mr. Speaker, universities in the United States should be required to have a victim advocate on staff, a sex-ual assault victim advocate. Also, to ensure that this doesn’t happen to more victims at hospitals, I have intro-duced legislation that would require a hospital to provide access to a staffer— it is called a SAFE, sexual assault fo-rensic examiner—who is trained to pro-vide care and be sensitive to trauma rape victims, or have a plan to get that victim to a nearby hospital that does. Universities and nearby hospitals need to work together to make sure that rape victims are treated appropriately when they are assaulted on campus. The bill that I just mentioned is named the Megan Rondini Act. It is in honor of a college sexual assault vic-tim on the University of Alabama cam-pus, who was a Texas student, who was denied access to post-rape treatment at a hospital. The university didn’t help her, and the local law enforcement didn’t help her. b1015 In Megan’s case, because she was alone and abandoned by all three of those entities, when she returned to Texas, she later committed suicide. Anyway, after the rape of Silvana, the university left Silvana to pick up the pieces of her shattered life. She was traumatized and depressed. Claiming that she wasn’t stable enough, the hockey coach removed her from the team. She never played a single game of hockey in college. She withdrew from the University of Connecticut shortly thereafter, but her rapist stayed on his hockey team and played for the university. Silvana had to suc-cessfully sue the university to get jus-tice. She had to take the matter to court, where society and our justice system should have helped her ini-tially. Mr. Speaker, rape is never the fault of the victim, yet Silvana felt that she was the one being blamed for what hap-pened to her. We as a society must demand our universities and hospitals protect and care for sexual assault victims. No longer should they be allowed to suffer alone and be abandoned. No more ex-cuses. And that is just the way it is. f 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ) for 5 minutes. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today under the ‘‘E Pluribus Unum’’ to give voice to the elderly, the children, the disabled, the most vulnerable who are once again facing your proposal, Mr. Speaker, to rip healthcare and the safety net from them. Is this the best you can do, Mr. Speaker, to once again, over and over again, propose this legislation to cut trillions of dollars from Medicaid and Medicare to fund tax cuts for corpora-tions and for billionaires, and to do this, to slam this through the House without transparency? Mr. Speaker, Republicans like to call me a ‘‘tax and spend liberal,’’ but today we see this GOP fiscal plan as another ‘‘borrow and spend to pay for billionaires tax cuts.’’ Now, the Wharton School and the Goldman Sachs studies both show that, at best, this plan would produce a pal-try one-tenth, maybe two-tenths of 1 percent growth, but we all know that it will increase the national debt by tril-lions of dollars. This is a horrible investment, a hor-rible return, a negative return on in-vestment. It is a terrible process. This is terrible legislation. It will produce terrible results for the overwhelming majority of Americans, especially the millions who rely on Medicaid and Medicare. Now, here is the deal, Mr. Speaker, that you are trying to push: if Ameri-cans are willing to give billionaires 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.003 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8300 November 1, 2017 
windfall tax cuts today and also trade their health security and safety net, then you, Mr. Speaker, will give aver-age Americans the empty promise of wage growth tomorrow and you will be able to file your taxes on a postcard. I say ‘‘empty promises’’ because studies and our experience have shown that this unicorn of wage growth from tax cuts will never, in fact, happen. It is reminiscent, Mr. Speaker, of the gluttonous Wimpy in the ‘‘Popeye’’ cartoon: ‘‘I will gladly pay you Tues-day for a hamburger today.’’ Now, this is a great plan if you are rich. It is dollars for fool’s gold, but the American people are not fools, Mr. Speaker, and that is why the Repub-licans want to rush this through with minimum transparency. This is madness. Trickle down has not worked, it does not work, and it will never work. We have got deficits under Reagan and under George W. Bush to prove it. The tax cuts will not pay for them-selves, Mr. Speaker. The tax cuts won’t magically produce increased salaries for workers. The tax plan will not lead to these claims of economic growth. Mr. Speaker, we have all lived long enough to know that these are all lies. It is not even wishful thinking any-more, because we know better. Congress should not be considering tax cuts for the rich and opening up even more tax loopholes. Mr. Speaker, we cannot spin gold out of straw, and that is what we have here. This plan will make most Americans poorer and sicker, if not dead. I urge all my colleagues to reject this bill. Instead, Mr. Speaker, I urge my col-leagues to fortify our election system from Russian further interference; build new infrastructure, that is what creates jobs; fund the Child Health In-surance Program that Republicans let expire; ensure that all 3
1⁄2million American citizens in Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands can have access to water, power, and healthcare this holi-day season. That is what we should be doing. 
f 
MINNESOTA’S NEW HALL OF FAMER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a leader in our com-munity who has received a great honor. Skip Dolan, the head boys basketball coach for the Annandale Cardinals, was inducted into the Minnesota Basket-ball Coaches Hall of Fame in October. I am not going to go through all of his statistics, although they are quite im-pressive. I think it is important that we note that a good coach can have a major im-pact on a kid’s life. Coaches don’t just teach a game to our kids, they ingrain important life skills in their minds. They teach our kids how to work with others and how to act as a team. They teach our children the value of practice and perseverance, and they teach our kids how to compete with honor, dig-nity, and how to win with grace. A good coach guides our kids along the road to success, which is why I am so happy that we have a coach like Skip Dolan in our community. We can never thank him enough for working with and teaching our kids, and we congratulate him on this incredible honor. A RETIRING PUBLIC SERVANT  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Monticello Public Schools Superintendent Jim Johnson for his work and dedication to Min-nesota’s children. After 18 years serving Monticello, 12 of them spent as superintendent, Jim is heading into a well-deserved retire-ment. Under Jim’s close supervision, schools within his district have pro-duced outstanding test scores, in-creased graduation rates, and higher enrollment in AP classes. He also played an important role improving his district’s athletic facilities. Not only did Jim help better aca-demics at the schools under his careful watch, he also helped ensure that his district’s students had everything they needed to succeed in life. Jim, we can’t thank you enough for the work you have done to educate our kids. Our kids are our future, and be-cause of you, our future is very bright. 
THE NEWEST SAUK RAPIDS AMBASSADORS  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate three young women in my district who have earned an exciting leadership role in the com-munity. Bethlehem Kobluk, Brooklyn Harren, and Madeline Bell have all been named 2017 Sauk Rapids Community Ambas-sadors. As community ambassadors, Beth-lehem, Brooklyn, and Madeline will participate in a 9-week program that will help them develop their leadership skills by participating in activities that engage the community. The people who end up making the most difference in this world are the ones who show up for others. We want to congratulate these young women on their new roles and thank them for their interest in making life better for those around them. Thank you, Bethlehem, Brooklyn, and Madeline, for showing up for Sauk Rapids. I know you all have bright fu-tures ahead, and we look forward to seeing what you will accomplish next. 
f 
RUTHIE AND CONNIE LGBT ELDER AMERICANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Ruthie and Connie LGBT Elder Americans Act, legislation I am introducing to support our country’s LGBT seniors. The LGBT senior population is grow-ing and is estimated to include nearly 6 million Americans by 2030. Unfortu-nately, the same generation of LGBT people who fought for rights in the workplace, equal marriage, and soci-etal recognition are once again marginalized as they age. LGBT seniors have fewer support services, higher poverty rates, more so-cial isolation, and inadequate access to healthcare services compared to the rest of older Americans. One of the pri-mary barriers to providing services to LGBT seniors is a basic lack of infor-mation. The Older Americans Act, or OAA, already requires the Administration on Aging to collect data on the individ-uals receiving OAA services and the ef-ficacy of OAA programs; but if we col-lected data on sexual orientation and gender identity, we could better under-stand this population and provide serv-ices that best fit their needs. Unfortunately, the data we do have shows that the poverty rate is higher for LGBT seniors, which is likely be-cause many have faced discrimination while working, they have historically been unable to legally marry, and they have experienced gender and racial in-equalities. We also know that LGBT el-ders are less likely than their peers to have community support and care-takers to help them. I know from speaking with LGBT seniors that many fear discrimination when receiving home healthcare serv-ices. They are twice as likely to be sin-gle and four times more likely to not have children. These are complex and important issues that require a person-alized solution. The bill I am introducing today with Colorado Senator MICHAEL BENNET and Florida Representatives T
EDDEUTCH  and C
HARLIE CRIST would help bridge the gap between LGBT seniors and the services they need. The bill is named for Ruthie Berman and Connie Kurtz, who sued the New York City Board of Education years ago for domestic partner benefits, and won their landmark case in 1994. In the decades since, Ruthie and Connie have continued their advocacy and fight as champions of LGBT rights. Our bill would amend the Older Americans Act to improve services for LGBT seniors and require data collec-tion on sexual orientation so better de-cisions can be made. Additionally, the bill would perma-nently establish a National Resource Center on LGBT Aging and provide grants for organizations working to improve LGBT services, including ac-cess to healthcare and long-term care. The resource centers and the grants will help States and localities reach out to LGBT older adults and provide culturally competent support. By requiring specific consideration for LGBT seniors in the Older Ameri-cans Act, we can provide needed sup-port to a vulnerable yet overlooked population. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.004 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8301 November 1, 2017 
I thank my colleagues for their work on this important issue, and I hope many others will join us in supporting this bill to help our LGBT senior com-munities. 
f 
ATLANTIC COAST YOUNG MARINES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the United States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the Atlantic Coast Young Marines and their hard work during Red Ribbon Week. The Florida regiment of Young Ma-rines has performed more than 50,000 service hours since last October, with more than 35,000 hours of community service dedicated to our veterans. As you can see, the Atlantic Coast Young Marines and their fellow Young Marines throughout Florida are very active in their local communities. Reduction of drug demand is a major issue of the Young Marine program, and Red Ribbon Week is an excellent opportunity to recognize the Atlantic Coast Young Marines’ emphasis on this mission. Red Ribbon Week is the oldest drug prevention program in the Nation, reaching millions of Americans during the last week of October each year. By wearing red ribbons and participating in community antidrug events, Young Marines pledge to live a drug-free life and pay tribute to DEA Special Agent Enrique ‘‘Kiki’’ Camarena. Special Agent Camarena was a vet-eran of the DEA assigned to Guadala-jara, Mexico, where he was on the trail of the country’s biggest drug traf-fickers. Because he was so close to unlocking a billion-dollar drug pipe-line, he was kidnapped and murdered by drug traffickers. His tragic death opened the eyes of many Americans to the dangerous illicit drug trade. Red Ribbon Week celebrates Agent Camarena’s life and his vision for a drug-free America. Last week, the Atlantic Coast Young Marines honored his life through events that helped reduce the demand for drugs throughout northeast Flor-ida. These young men and women who participate in this education and serv-ice program are known to be excellent leaders inside and outside of the class-room. The Atlantic Coast Young Ma-rines are a shining example of our First Coast youth. They also serve our veterans in nu-merous ways, by cleaning yards, mak-ing hospital visits, and simply writing cards. Their dedication to community service and our veterans is a shining example of noble selflessness. Mr. Speaker, I applaud the Atlantic Coast Young Marines for their service to Florida’s First Coast community. GUN VIOLENCE IN LAS VEGAS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because we do have a gun vio-lence epidemic in this country, and the time to act is now. Exactly 1 month ago today, we wit-nessed one of the most horrific mass shootings in our country’s history, and Congress has done nothing. One month later, legislation on bump stocks has stalled. There is a deafening silence from the majority on any responsible actions on this public health crisis, even though, Mr. Speaker, a majority of Americans, including responsible gun owners, support responsible gun safety legislation. Today, Mr. Speaker, I rise to share a statement written by my constituent Zach Elmore, who is here with us this morning. Zach’s sister, Alicia Johnson, was shot in Las Vegas. Thankfully, she survived. This is what he wrote as he sat next to her hospital bed as she re-covered: ‘‘My sister was shot in Las Vegas. I have never been more afraid, more angry in my entire life. The problem with shootings around the country is that, unless you know someone di-rectly affected, it is easy to say ‘what a tragedy,’ and move on with your daily life. ‘‘It is not so easy when you are get-ting ready for bed and one of your sis-ters calls inconsolably crying to tell you that another one of your sisters has been shot. It is not so easy when you call your mother and she is terri-fied and crying and all you can do is try to calm her down while you figure out how to get to your sister as quickly as possible. It is not so easy to see your brother-in-law with blood still on his hands from doing whatever he could to keep your sister alive. It is not so easy to see your sister in a hospital bed, un-able to move due to a gunshot wound in her back and staples in her stomach from surgery to check for organ dam-age. We are among the luckiest ones. ‘‘I am sick and tired of thoughts and prayers. If thoughts and prayers had any affect whatsoever, there would be a lot of people still alive today. All these thoughts and prayers would have mi-raculously pulled bullets out of victims and healed wounds, would have stopped these massacres before they started. ‘‘You know what is better than thoughts and prayers and lines around the block at blood banks and enormous relief funds for victims of tragedy? Cre-ating a society where we don’t have to do these things many times a year. ‘‘We waited so long to do anything after Columbine that Virginia Tech happened. We still couldn’t talk about it when the Aurora theater shooting happened. That didn’t change any-thing, and then 20 children were mur-dered at Sandy Hook. Even that wasn’t enough to promote change. When Dylann Roof happened, still couldn’t talk about it, and then San Bernardino happened. We still couldn’t bring our-selves to discuss gun control, and then the Pulse nightclub shooting happened. ‘‘Lord knows we can’t do anything about guns, and then Las Vegas hap-pened. And we are still being told that now is not the time, let healing begin, don’t politicize tragedy, but by all means send thoughts and prayers to all affected by ‘insert massacre here.’ ‘‘There is no place in society for any weapon which has the singular purpose to kill people. The man who killed and injured more than any massacre in America’s history broke the mold for who commits mass shootings. He would have easily passed a background check and psych evaluation. He was affluent and had no known ties to terrorist or-ganizations, but he is certainly a ter-rorist. The system we have in place al-lowed him to accumulate dozens of as-sault weapons and thousands of rounds of ammunition because, for all intents and purposes, he was not a risk to soci-ety. ‘‘Let’s keep in mind, the Second Amendment of the Constitution was written over 200 years ago when a good gunman might get three shots off a minute with a musket. It is hard for me to believe the Founding Fathers en-visioned a world where one man could or would fire 400 rounds a minute into a crowd of people. ‘‘This should not be difficult. How many people have to die before people will apply a little logic to gun laws? Do more children need to die? Does a hos-pital need to be attacked? What is your limit? Does it have to happen to you or a loved one before you start to think differently about gun laws? ‘‘The people of this country have so much power. We have protested, pres-sured our Congressmen and -women, and we have seen that work. Why can’t we do the same to reduce and hopefully eliminate the insane amount of gun vi-olence in America? ‘‘Excuse me for not being willing to wait to let healing begin, for not ac-cepting that now is not the time to talk about a major problem in this country. There is never a wrong time to stand up for what you think is right. ‘‘My sister was shot in Las Vegas in the latest of a devastatingly long line of mass shootings in this country. We are luckier than 58 people and their families, and likely luckier than many of the over 500 other people who were injured. If I don’t talk about it, if we don’t truly take steps to effect positive change, everyone reading this will for-get it happened because they will be sending thoughts and prayers to the victims of the next mass shooting in America.’’ Mr. Speaker, that is the end of the excerpt of his letter. Zach’s family’s experience illustrates why it is crucial for us to take a hard look at gun vio-lence policies. Mr. Speaker, I hope that we will, across the aisle, in a bipartisan fash-ion, do what is right for the American 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.005 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8302 November 1, 2017 
people and protect families like Zach’s across the country. 
f 
THE GOVERNMENT OF ETHIOPIA HAS A HUMAN RIGHTS CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. C
OFFMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to the Govern-ment of Ethiopia’s continued pattern of repression and violence against its own people, and I urge the House of Representatives to vote on H. Res. 128, the Supporting Respect for Human Rights and Encouraging Inclusive Gov-ernance in Ethiopia resolution. This resolution calls on the Govern-ment of Ethiopia to take clear, deci-sive steps towards becoming more in-clusive, more democratic, and more re-spectful of the basic human rights of its own people. This resolution has overwhelming bi-partisan support, with more than 70 co-sponsors, and it passed out of the House Foreign Affairs Committee unanimously on July 27. The ongoing human rights crisis in Ethiopia is extremely troubling to me, to the resolution’s other cosponsors, the many Americans of Ethiopian her-itage, and too numerous to list human rights groups. I firmly believe that the passage of this resolution will encour-age the Ethiopian Government to end its practice of violence and repression and provide a strong basis for an inclu-sive government. Specifically, this resolution con-demns the excessive use of force by Ethiopian security forces and the kill-ing of peaceful protestors; the arrests and detention of journalists, students, activists, and political leaders; and the Ethiopian Government’s abuse of the anti-terrorism proclamation to stifle political and civil dissent. The resolution does not simply high-light the Ethiopian Government’s in-creasingly authoritarian acts, but it also encourages the United States to support efforts to improve democracy and governance in Ethiopia. I believe that the United States can take actions that will positively influ-ence the Ethiopian Government and use our existing institutions to further democracy and effective governance in Ethiopia. Critically, the resolution calls on the Ethiopian Government to admit U.N. human rights observers so they can conduct an independent and thorough examination of the current state of human rights in Ethiopia. On March 9 of this year, the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Afri-ca, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organiza-tions held a hearing to discuss specific steps the United States can take to bring about positive changes for the Ethiopian Government and their peo-ple. Among those who testified was Dea-con Yoseph Tafari of the St. Mary’s Ethiopian Orthodox Church located in Aurora, Colorado. Deacon Yoseph was raised in Ethiopia and has experienced the daily struggles too many Ethio-pians have faced living in abject pov-erty under an oppressive government. Deacon Yoseph fled from Ethiopia in 1976 and came to the United States as a refugee. He and many of the members of the Ethiopian community in my congressional district of Colorado, in-cluding the Oromo and Amharas, have worked diligently to organize and as-sist those still suffering from repres-sion in their home country. Oromo community president of Colo-rado, Jamal Said, has also shared his concerns with me, and both of these gentlemen have no motives other than a concern about the safety and state of democracy in Ethiopia. I appreciate their leadership in the community as they continue to fight for democracy in their homeland. Unfortunately, stories like this are not uncommon in my district, and I am disappointed that the House has not yet scheduled a floor vote on H. Res. 128. I note that on two prior occasions a vote was tentatively scheduled. In both of these instances, it is my under-standing that the vote was postponed due to pressure from the Ethiopian Government, which continues to make promises to curb human rights abuses against their own people, but fail to de-liver. Additionally, it has been brought to my attention that the Ethiopian Gov-ernment has threatened to cut off secu-rity cooperation with United States should we proceed with H. Res. 128. I am particularly dismayed that rather than solving their problems and moving towards becoming a more democratic country, the Ethiopian Government has chosen instead to hire a D.C. lobbying firm at a cost of $150,000 a month to ‘‘work with the Ethiopian Government to develop and execute a public affairs plan to en-hance the dialogue and relationships with policymakers, media, opinion leaders, and business leaders,’’ in addi-tion to ‘‘meetings with Members of Congress, their staffs, and executive branch officials.’’ The issue the Ethiopian Government needs to address is the repression of de-mocracy and its citizens in Ethiopia. The solution to whatever negative per-ception it has in the Halls of the U.S. Congress is not a public affairs one, but, rather, what concrete steps are being taken against democracy in Ethi-opia. That is why I remain committed to working with House leadership to have a vote scheduled on H. Res. 128. Mr. Speaker, I encourage leadership to schedule a vote, and I call on my colleagues to vote in favor of and pass H. Res. 128. I will continue working with local Ethiopian community lead-ers in Colorado and across the country to raise awareness of the human rights abuses occurring in Ethiopia and to bring relief from oppression to the Ethiopian people. UNDERSTANDING THE RYAN- MCCONNELL TAX GIVEAWAYS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. C
A´RDENAS ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege and an honor to represent the community of the San Fernando Valley here in the United States Congress. I think it is my duty and responsibility to make sure that when something is going on in Washington, people should know what is going to happen to them and how it affects them. I think it is really important for ev-erybody to understand that right now in the workings—and it is probably going to come to this floor in just a few days—is the Speaker Ryan-McConnell tax giveaways to big corporations, which will actually increase taxes for working families, working mothers and fathers. I think it is important for people to understand that this is something that is being sold as a middle-income tax cut. Actually, what it is going to do is it is going to cut the take-home in-come to middle class families. What it is going to mean is if you are a police officer or a teacher or a wait-ress, you are going to see less money every week. It might be $5 less a week, it might be $50 less a week, it might be $100. Let me tell you, the opposite of what is going to happen should this become law is that the biggest corporations in America are going to see $1 million less in taxes a week, maybe $50 million less in taxes paid a week, maybe $100 mil-lion less per week paid in taxes. Some people are thinking: Well, they earned it. They should keep it. Well, okay. I understand what you are saying. But, see, this is the funda-mental problem of this $1.5 trillion re-duction in the ability for our Federal Government to fund things like Med-icaid and Medicare. Because when we see less money, you are going to see Members on this floor and in commit-tees throughout this House and in the United States Senate saying: Well, we don’t have the money. When they see a mother whose child has cerebral palsy and she is saying, ‘‘I go to work every single day, and thank you, government, for allowing my child to be in a program so that he or she can be safe while I go to work,’’ they are going to say, ‘‘You know what? I agree with you, ma’am. We should fund that, but since we don’t have the money anymore, we are going to stop funding that.’’ This is a woman who just wants to work for a living. This is a person who just wants to make sure that she can have the dignity of work and have her child in a safe place, but we are going to cut those programs if we have this tax giveaway go through Congress and signed by this President. b1045 You see, it is a multistep process. And what some of my colleagues—and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.007 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8303 November 1, 2017 
so far, the only ones voting for this tax giveaway are my Republican col-leagues. I say that accurately, not to be partisan, but just to be honest and accurate. They say we have to do this; it is going to stimulate the economy. Well, also, in this package, this plan that they want to make into a law, ba-sically what it will do, it will actually incentivize the biggest corporations in America, American corporations. It is going to incentivize them to go ahead and close up shop in your neighborhood and go set up shop somewhere else in the world. And the only connection they are going to have with you, ladies and gen-tlemen, is they are going to want to sell those products to you, built by other than American hands in other parts of the world. The only other con-nection they are going to have is this: They are going to be able to bring their money, their profits, back to the United States, pretty much free and clear, and just count their money here, where they call themselves an Amer-ican corporation. I think it is important, ladies and gentlemen, that we recognize that this is something that is wrong. This is something that is going to hurt the middle class. This is something, again, if you are a teacher, if you are a police officer, if you are busdriver, this is going to hurt you. If you are a single mother who is working every single day, proud to do that, you are going to see that you are not going to have the support you need to make sure that that childcare con-tinues for your child. If you are a family member that has a mother or father whose only income is Social Security, they probably de-pend on Meals on Wheels. They prob-ably depend on programs like that. Some of that comes from your Federal Government. But when these Repub-lican colleagues cut $1.5 trillion out of the United States budget, it is going to come out of you, ladies and gentlemen. The people who have worked hard, sen-iors who are finally retired and should have the dignity of having a dignified life and having at least one darned meal a day, that is where it is going to come out of. Ladies and gentlemen, I am here to warn you, please call your Members of Congress. Please make sure that you let them know: I don’t want that kind of giveaway. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair and not to a per-ceived viewing audience. 
f 
SETTING THE RECORD STRAIGHT ON OUR AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL SYSTEM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A
BRAHAM ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I have a map beside me. It is not a Verizon or an AT&T map showing its coverage. What this is is a snapshot, a moment in time, of the number of airplanes in the United States’ airspace at any mo-ment, over 90,000 flights a day. Think about that. That is over 200,000 takeoffs and landings. We, in the United States, have the safest and the busiest airspace in the world; yet there are some in Congress who want to privatize this to a board made up of 13 members only. I person-ally think it is more of a monopoliza-tion, not a privatization of our air-space. This is the taxpayers’ airspace. This is not the airspace that we should be giving away to a 13-member board, or the control of. Those who want to pass this AIRR Act, H.R. 2997, want us to compare it to Canada. Well, I have flown in Canada. Look at the map: below the line in the United States, above the line in Can-ada. It is not even apples to apples. It is not apples to oranges. It is apples to elephants. And you say, well, that makes no sense. No, it doesn’t. It does not make any sense to give control of this air-space, where our wonderful men in uni-form and women who fly the military aircraft, the pilots like myself, but, more importantly, the carriers that carry all of us to here and there, the ability to control this airspace. I am a small-government guy, Mr. Speaker, but there are three instances where government needs to be involved in the lives of our citizens: national de-fense, national intelligence, and na-tional airspace. I would argue that I have probably been in more control towers than any Member of Congress, and when you walk in, there are wonderful control-lers who are looking at modern equip-ment, computer screens, display lights, who are moving aircraft here and there, very efficiently, very profes-sionally. There are those who have stood at this podium, Mr. Speaker, and held up pieces of paper like this and have scared our people into saying: Oh, this is the way controllers transfer control of airplanes from airspace to airspace. That is a gross mischaracterization of what is happening. They use this as a backup if a grid goes down, but they don’t use it to move traffic. They use modern computers. The NextGen, or what we call the next generation of modernization of FAA, is called ADS-B, Automatic De-pendent Surveillance-Broadcast. It al-lows separation of aircraft to come down. It has saved billions—that is with a B—in fuel and other costs, and yet we want to give all this modern equipment to the control of a 13-mem-ber board? I think not. We have all had delays in airports. Most of them, I will tell you, are weather. But how many of us have pulled up in a plane and we are waiting for another plane to back out of a gate? That is not an air traffic control issue. That is an issue with controlling the gates at the airport, and that goes back to the airlines. How many of us have been delayed because they come on and when we are just fixing to board the plane, oh, you have a maintenance issue, or we are waiting for another pilot crew to get off one aircraft to pilot your aircraft? Again, those who would want to pass this act would make you believe that that is air traffic control’s fault. No, it does not have to do with air traffic control. CBO has said that if we give this air-space control to a 13-member private board, it will cause a $100 billion deficit addition—$100 billion. The Congres-sional Review Service has said that if we do that, that automatically allows sequester to take place. We don’t need that. We are trying to get out of that now. Our wonderful men and women in uniform are having a hard enough time meeting quotas, meeting equipment, meeting training, everything, because of the sequester. This would hurt military retirement funding. This would hurt our Border Patrol, men and women there pro-tecting us from terrorist activity on a daily basis. Mr. Speaker, we need modernization, but we don’t need privatization. It is a bad idea any way you look at it. We do need to pass a long-term FAA reauthorization act. I am all for that. Our FAA needs to have the stability of funding where they can look down the road more than 6 months at a time and plan for what is coming down and what they need to do to keep our airspace safe. So, Mr. Speaker, we don’t need this H.R. 2997 passed. We need just to fund FAA for a long time. f 
TAKING A KNEE FOR WHAT IS RIGHT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I think it is appropriate this morning to rise to share my passion and my love for this country, but also my frustra-tion. I will use this graphic to set the tone for my remarks this morning. Although the Republican tax pro-posal will be introduced tomorrow, I believe, if you look at this graphic and the headlines, it says that 80 percent of the tax relief will not go to you and you and you and to the American peo-ple, or maybe even staff and Members who are here who are Americans, sala-ried individuals; it will go, 80 percent, to the 1 percent of Americans. Now, I am not going to talk about the tax legislation this morning. I want this to be a symbol of the wrong-ness of the direction of this country and the leader who leads this Nation. We are going down a wrong path. Many of us thought we had come to-gether in unity, we had overcome the divisiveness because we were different, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.010 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8304 November 1, 2017 
we had recognized the beauty of all of us, rural citizens in West Virginia, Ohioans in the mountains of the Appa-lachian area, Midwesterners, South-erners, Northerners, Westerners, Far West, immigrant and nonimmigrant. But, unfortunately, in 2016, although some lost and some won, as we moved toward a new administration with the hopes and dreams of those who had voted, we looked for the unifying of what I know that all Presidents have done. It has been a privilege of mine to work with President William Jefferson Clinton, who didn’t have an easy time but sought to unify the country. I worked with President George W. Bush, who did not have an easy time or an unconflicted election but sought to unify the country, in fact, was an en-thusiastic signer of the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act; and Presi-dent Barack Obama, who rode in on a sense of hope and unity. That is the task of a President. In the midst of this, again, having been appointed to the Homeland Secu-rity Committee in the ashes of 9/11, having gone to Ground Zero while our brave first responders were recovering, were still looking for remains—it will penetrate my soul forever—unity was what we sought in spite of our dif-ference of opinions. So I rise to thank the first respond-ers and the quick response of the NYPD and Fire Department on yester-day’s terrorist act. Yes, it was a ter-rorist act. We live in a different world. But rather than rise to the occasion, this morning the words come from the White House: 
The terrorist came into our country through what is called the ‘‘Diversity Visa Lottery Program,’’ a Chuck Schumer beau-ty. I want merit-based immigration. 
You tell me how many immigrants, how many Italians, how many Irish, and how many of those who escaped the Holocaust, who came before that from the Jewish community, how many of them would have met any test of merit. Did the slaves who were brought here as slaves meet a test of merit? All of these individuals helped build this Nation. And on the morning when people are mourning of their lost loved ones, rath-er than bringing the country together, there is a politicizing, calling out names of Members. We are working on merit based. Does he even understand what merit based is? Absolutely not. Taking away from the conspiracy charge against Manafort, taking away from the conspicuous collusion with Russians that George Papadopoulos has indicated, oh, he is worrying about him lying. But I am worrying about him telling the truth, and he is. They wanted dirty stuff on the opponent; they wanted to work with Russia; they wanted to work with Putin; and they wanted to conspire against the United States of America—as well as the mis-understanding or the devastating com-ments of his chief of staff about the civil war and NFL players being called inmates in a prison. Mr. Speaker, I am fed up with divid-ing this Nation. We are going in the wrong direction, and I am not going to accept it. I am taking a knee with all of those who believe in justice and what is right. I did it before. I do it now. I take a knee. f 
b1100 PROTECT RURAL AMERICA HOSPITALS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
RRINGTON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, if the United States is going to maintain the ability to feed and clothe our own peo-ple and fuel this American economy, we need a strong and sustainable rural America like the district I represent in west Texas. What would this country be without the hardworking energy and agri-culture producers in small towns across this great land? The heart of small-town sustainability is access to healthcare. There are over 5,000 hos-pitals in the United States, and rough-ly half of them are in rural America, serving one out of every five Ameri-cans. Without access to basic medical services, communities in America’s breadbasket and energy basin would not survive. Hospitals serving rural communities face unique challenges: an aging popu-lation, low patient volume, higher per-centages of Medicare beneficiaries, to name a few. Each translates into a higher per-patient cost which has left 41 percent of rural hospitals operating at a loss. On top of this problematic patient volume and patient mix, ObamaCare has heaped a backbreaking $54 billion in additional regulatory burden in un-funded mandates. Since 2010, the year ObamaCare was enacted, 80 rural hos-pitals have shut down, 11 of which were in my home State of Texas. If this rate continues, in less than 10 years, an un-imaginable 25 percent of our Nation’s rural hospitals will close. That would cripple rural communities across this country and deliver a devastating blow to our agriculture and energy econ-omy, affecting all Americans, includ-ing our neighbors in urban and subur-ban America. For some Texans, the nearest hos-pital is already 100 miles away. In an emergency, this distance can mean the difference between life and death. Point of fact: 60 percent of all trauma deaths occur in rural America, despite the fact that rural America only makes up 20 percent of the country’s popu-lation. Here is a startling fact and outright scary scenario: one-third of rural hos-pitals have been deemed vulnerable to closure. If all 673 of those hospitals were to close down, it could result in over 130,000 jobs lost and almost $300 billion in GDP lost. When unemploy-ment goes down and wages go down in those small towns, folks move away in search of better opportunities. In order to sustain the critical life-line hospitals provide for our rural communities, I have introduced H.R. 4178, the Healthcare Enhancement for America’s Rural Towns Act, or the HEART Act. Why? Because small towns are the heartbeat of America; the heart of our food, fuel, and fiber production; the heart of traditional American values. This legislation ex-tends two programs vital to the sus-tainability of rural hospitals and the community they deserve: the Low-Vol-ume Adjustment program and the Medicare-Dependent Hospital program. These programs account for less than one-tenth of 1 percent of all Medicare expenditures, but they go a long way to ensuring that rural community hos-pitals with a higher percentage of Medicare patients have adequate fund-ing to serve the unique populations. By extending the Medicare Low-Vol-ume Adjustment program for 2 years, and for the first time permanently ex-tending the Medicare-Dependent Hos-pital program, we can provide the as-surance and continuity that our rural hospitals desperately need in order to serve our communities in the future. Just as importantly, we do this in a way that is budget neutral and without spending any additional taxpayer mon-eys. Let’s pass this legislation. Let’s pro-tect the heart of rural America and give our community hospitals the cer-tainty that they need to keep our peo-ple and our communities healthy. 
f 
AMERICANS BEWARE OF TAX BILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to talk about a job-killer tax bill that is coming to Congress this week, and if you don’t watch out, it could be com-ing to your hometown soon. Up until yesterday, Mr. Speaker, I thought the new GOP tax plan was just run-of-the-mill, upside-down class war-fare waged by the wealthiest people in the country against everybody else. I knew 80 percent of the windfall of the tax cut would go to people making $912,000 a year or more—the richest 1 percent of the country. I knew it would repeal the alternative minimum tax, the only reason that Donald Trump paid any taxes at all in the 1 year we know he paid taxes over the last few decades in 2005. I knew it would repeal the State and local income tax deduc-tion, which would be terrible news for tens of millions of middle class people in States across the country, including mine in Maryland. I knew it would repeal the estate tax which only affects the wealthiest one- half of 1 percent of the country. All of these provisions would help to create a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:35 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.011 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8305 November 1, 2017 
hereditary oligarchical elite like the hereditary oligarchical elite in Russia today. This huge penthouse suite party will be paid for by the rest of us and blow a record-smashing $2 trillion deficit hole into our economy and programs like Medicare and Medicaid. I knew all of this. It is predictable enough. But then I noticed a provision yester-day that is absolutely gobstopping, shocking, startling, eye-popping, unbe-lievable in the GOP tax blueprint. It is called the territorial system, and what it means is simple. We will tax Amer-ican businesses only when their oper-ations are here in America. Here is what that means: if I am a business-man and I am going to set up a manu-facturing plant on main street in my hometown, I have to pay the full freight of taxes. I pay everything. If I set my business, my new manu-facturing plant, up in Mexico, or Ban-gladesh, or Ireland, I pay zero taxes. Let me repeat that: if I decide to set up my business in America, I pay 100 per-cent of the taxes I am going to owe. If I decide to relocate my business and all of the jobs abroad, I will pay zero taxes. That works even if I have al-ready got the business in place here and I decide to ship everything over-seas. Suddenly, I get a 100 percent tax break for all the profits that I earn overseas. Mr. Speaker, perhaps I misunder-stand it. I am not a professor of tax law. I am a professor of constitutional law. So maybe I am not interpreting it right. I would love nothing more than for one of my colleagues from the other side of the aisle to get up and tell me it is not true, and correct me, and ex-plain what I have got wrong. But if I have got it right, this shock-ing provision tucked into the bill that we are about to see is a job killer, a na-tional emergency, and a dagger pointed at the heart of the American economy and our jobs. It is only a few, small, big businesses, a few big businesses that will benefit. Small businesses are not going to be benefited at all. The small businesses do not set up tax-dodging corporate subsidiaries in the Cayman Islands, or the Bahamas, or in Ireland. They don’t ship overseas. So this is for a tiny per-centage of the largest corporations in America, leaving the small businesses behind and taking millions of Amer-ican jobs with them. Why would the majority do this to us when Donald Trump campaigned on a platform of putting America first and promising to bring American jobs back home—not export millions more with a devastating tax plan? Now I see why they are hurdling this through Congress. In 1986, with the tax reform plan, there were 63 days of hear-ings, and more than 450 witnesses in Ways and Means and the Senate Fi-nance Committee. It took 2 years and 10 months. This plan they want to slam through Congress in less than 2 weeks, with barely any witnesses, maybe no hearings, maybe one or two hearings; and you know why? Because they are tucking the most massive job-killing provision anyone has ever seen into this bill. If anything, we should be imposing higher taxes on those businesses that ship our jobs overseas—not lower taxes—or they should pay the same. But this plan would wipe out any taxes at all, and it is dumbfounding that they would think this is something that Congress would put up with—just like they tried to slam through Con-gress the ACA repeal and we stopped it when people got the word. We have got to make sure, Mr. Speaker, that every American under-stands what is really in this tax bill coming our way. 
f 
HIGHLIGHTING THE STEP FOR-WARD TO CURE TSC MIAMI WALK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I wish to highlight the Step Forward to Cure TSC Miami Walk, which took place last weekend at my alma mater, Florida International University. Tu-berous sclerosis complex, or TSC, is a rare genetic disease that causes uncon-trollable tumor growth across the face, body, and organs of impacted individ-uals. Unfortunately, there is no cure for TSC. South Florida’s own hero, Max Lucca, pictured here, was diagnosed with TSC when he was only 2 weeks old. Now, he is 9 years old, and he has thrived because of the constant love and care provided by his parents, Vanessa and Max. The TSC Miami Walk brings together patients like Max Lucca and their families with sup-porters who are committed to improv-ing their lives. Every year, the walk plays an essen-tial role in advancing lifesaving re-search and programs to increase aware-ness of TSC, and expanding the net-work of resources that improve the lives of patients and their families. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recog-nize the work of Vanessa Vazquez; her husband, Max; and all of the other ac-tivists who are so needed from the Tu-berous Sclerosis Alliance who work so hard to make this walk a reality. I want to thank everyone who came out to FIU last Saturday and made this event a resounding success. Due to your efforts, due to your commitment, I am confident that we will be able to increase the research and education needed to find a cure for this tragic dis-ease. Meanwhile, go Max Lucca. 
COMMIT TO ENDING PEDIATRIC HIV /AIDS 
WORLDWIDE  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to encourage my colleagues to support H. Res. 593, a bipartisan res-olution reaffirming our national com-mitment to ending pediatric HIV/AIDS worldwide. It is a resolution that I introduced with my friend, Congresswoman BAR-
BARA LEE. The fight against pediatric AIDS is a great example of how our country is a positive and trans-formative force in the lives of many across the world. Because of our leader-ship here in the United States over the past 12 years, there has been a 62 per-cent increase in the number of women receiving mother-to-child trans-missions prevention services. Wow. Thanks to positive American involve-ment through programs like PEPFAR, more than 11.5 million expectant moth-ers around the world have received HIV testing and counseling, and nearly 2 million babies have been born HIV-free. However, even though we have made great strides in a fight against pedi-atric AIDS over the last few years, we cannot rest, Mr. Speaker. We cannot rest while more than 400 children around the world are born with HIV every day; 400. We cannot rest when less than half of the children suffering from HIV have access to the lifesaving treatments they so desperately need; less than half. Indeed, we must redou-ble our efforts to reach every single mother and child impacted by this ter-rible disease. For this reason, my friend, Congress-woman B
ARBARA LEE, and I just re-introduced H. Res. 593, a bipartisan res-olution recommitting our country, the United States, to eradicating pediatric AIDS worldwide and supporting those who have been impacted by this epi-demic. Our resolution also supports our national efforts to provide women and children with HIV counseling, with HIV testing services, as well as expand-ing their access to lifesaving treat-ments. America’s ongoing commitment has helped save the lives of many, but so much more remains to be done. We are one of the greatest hopes for a better future for countless others. Now, more than ever, it is essential to ensure that we remain committed as a nation to creating a future where no child suffers from HIV/AIDS. I urge my colleagues to support this worthwhile cause and cosponsor our resolution, H. Res. 593. 
f 
SIGN UP FOR HEALTHCARE NOW The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C
OHEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, today is the last day of baseball, but, more im-portantly, it is the first day of open en-rollment for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. This year, enrollment only runs from November 1, today, through December 15. This is half the length of last year when open enrollment extended until January 30. It is 6 weeks shorter, so to sign up, get started today. You only have 45 days to do it. This is something the Trump administration is doing to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.012 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8306 November 1, 2017 
make it more difficult and less likely people will sign up. Don’t let them do this. Sign up for your healthcare. During this shortened enrollment period, there will also be 12- hour periods of scheduled maintenance when the website will be inaccessible. These periods will occur every Sunday morning, except one, during the open enrollment period. December 15 is the last chance for individuals to sign up for health insurance for 2018, unless you have a major event like getting married, having a child, or moving. In previous years, individuals were notified of autoenrollment with time to change their choice. This year, that happens on December 16, a day after open enrollment ends, so there is no reason to do it. It just tells you what you have got, and you don’t have the opportunity to change. So individuals should not rely on autoenrollment. They should use healthcare.gov to find the best plan for them and their fami-lies. In many cases, there are affordable plans. In 2018, in Tennessee, 88 percent can find a bronze plan for under $75. b1115 In Memphis, many consumers earn-ing $30,000 to $48,000 a year can find sil-ver plans for under $100. This is par-ticularly true for those in their late forties to age 64. You may qualify for premiums and cost-sharing reductions like in past years. In 2016, 88 percent of Ten-nesseans on the exchanges received premium assistance, and 58 percent re-ceived cost-sharing reduction sub-sidies. This is still true even as the Presi-dent attempts to sabotage the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. Marketing funding and funds for navigators to help people through the process have both been slashed. In spite of that fact, we are going to try to find some navigators still around and have a townhall in Memphis possibly Satur-day, November 11. We are still in the process of scheduling that, but we want all of our people to get that chance. So we encourage all Americans to get that chance. Cost-sharing reduction subsidies will be available for individuals who qualify for silver plans despite Trump’s deci-sion to stop the government from reim-bursing insurers. The Patient Protection and Afford-able Care Act is the law of the land. All current efforts to repeal and replace have failed because they have not come up with a better plan. Healthcare is dif-ficult, and we came up with a plan that needs some tweaking but not repealing. Memphis has recently seen a decrease in the disparity of breast cancer mor-tality rates between Black and White women, a clear indication that access to affordable care saves lives. Memphis has done excellent work at expanding access to screenings and coverage. In addition to local efforts, the Affordable Care Act has helped to reduce or even eliminate copayments that women have to pay for preventive screenings, including mammograms. Access to affordable healthcare has saved lives in Memphis and throughout this country. The open enrollment for the Affordable Care Act starts today and runs through December 15. Avail yourselves of those opportunities. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 16 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend Dr. Michael W. Waters, Joy Tabernacle AME Church, Dallas, Texas, offered the following prayer: Immutable God, greater than all that has or ever will be conceived, hear our prayer: For ancestors at rest in the abode of angels, accosted and assaulted while present upon these shores, enduring avalanches of animus never atoned; for babies bombarded by bombs, bounties placed upon their beautiful heads at birth; for the cacophony of cries citing crimes against humanity, callous cy-cles of crisis, casualties colored in chalk. In Your name, we shall resist evil by loving our neighbors as ourselves. Grant that we become drum majors of justice, promulgators of peace, ar-chitects of an America freed from greed, hate, oppression, racism, sup-pression, indeed, the very threat of tyr-anny, replete with liberty and justice for all, till that great day when lions shall lie down with lambs and we study war no more, when justice flows like waters, and righteousness, like a mighty stream, and all God’s children are finally free. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
OSKAM ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. ROSKAM led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND DR. MICHAEL W. WATERS The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to host Reverend Waters as our guest chaplain today. Reverend Waters is a true commu-nity servant and a man of God. He is the founding pastor of Joy Tabernacle African Methodist Episcopal Church— AME—of Dallas, Texas. Reverend Waters is a pastor, a pro-fessor, an award-winning author, a community leader, and a social com-mentator. Reverend Waters’ words of hope and empowerment inspire na-tional and international audiences. As a notable friend of the commu-nity, Reverend Waters served as a key-note speaker at my Annual Dallas Prayer Breakfast this year. His engag-ing personality and purposeful speech captivated the attention of all those who attended. As a strong leader, Reverend Waters is able to understand the unique needs of our community. He knows no stranger when he walks into the room, and his charismatic nature allows him to connect with everyone he meets. It is my pleasure that he has come today to be our guest chaplain. May God continue to bless him. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. S
IMPSON ). The Chair will entertain up to 15 further requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CRUELTY TO ANIMALS (Mr. ROSKAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, cruelty to animals is a scourge, and there is no worse example than animal fighting that is for so-called pleasure and defi-nite profit. I am pleased today to introduce the Parity in Animal Cruelty Enforcement Act, which is to close a loophole. Animal fighting is prohibited in the United States, but it is allowed in some U.S. territories. This is important for us because what we have is a situation where animals are manipulated, drugged, and put into situations where their aggression is heightened. It is dis-gusting. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.014 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8307 November 1, 2017 
I am pleased to join with friends on the other side of the aisle—Messrs. B
LUMENAUER and N OLAN —and Rep-resentatives on the Republican side— Messrs. R
ODNEY DAVIS, Y ODER , and K
NIGHT —to come together on a bipar-tisan basis to address this trouble. I ask for cosponsors. 
f 
BIPARTISAN TAX REFORM (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, well, not surprisingly, Republicans have had to delay the release of their tax plan be-cause it is so deeply unpopular. We haven’t seen all of the details yet, but what we know about it is that this is really bad for working families. The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center says that the Republican plan raises taxes on many middle class families to pay for a massive tax cut for the people at the very top, the wealthiest Ameri-cans. The details matter. A family of four earning $50,000 could see their taxes go up 380 percent. Meanwhile, 80 percent of the benefits of this ‘‘billionaires first’’ tax plan go to the richest 1 per-cent—80 percent of the benefits to the richest 1 percent. That is not middle class tax relief. And how do we pay for these massive tax cuts to the wealthy? What are we going to do? We are going to see cuts in Medicare, Medicaid, and education. If anybody thinks we can do this and go big on infrastructure and rebuild America’s capacity to produce, they better think twice. Plus, saddling our grandkids with a huge debt. What happened to the deficit hawks in this place? This is wrong, and we ought to reject it. 
f 
IMPROVE FOREST MANAGEMENT (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong sup-port of H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017, that was intro-duced by Congressman W
ESTERMAN . The House will consider this bill today, which will improve forest man-agement and cut the bureaucratic red tape that has been preventing sound management practices for the Forest Service. Mr. Speaker, devastating wildfires have resulted in the loss of property, loss of pristine landscapes, and, most importantly, the loss of life. 2017 has been the costliest wildfire season on record, with the Forest Service spend-ing over $2 billion. While not the only issue, the greatest cause for this in-crease in wildfire is a severe lack of forest management. This bill provides Federal land man-agement agencies the immediate tools to expedite and increase the scale and efficiency of forest management projects without sacrificing environ-mental protections. Mr. Speaker, we must do everything in our power to stop these catastrophic wildfires and encourage better land management of our forests. Today’s bill is one step in the right direction and I encourage my col-leagues to support this important leg-islation. f 
OPEN ENROLLMENT (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, beginning today, millions of Americans have the opportunity to buy or change their healthcare plan through the Affordable Care Act ex-change. The open enrollment period ends De-cember 15, so consumers need to act now. We only have 45 days to shop around, receive assistance from local organizations, and make a final deci-sion. But many people may not know that because the Trump administration has taken several administrative ac-tions to undermine the ACA. Cutting the open enrollment period in half, to slashing advertising and out-reach funding by 90 percent, to an-nouncing a shutdown of healthcare.gov on Sundays during open enrollment and other sabotage efforts, the Trump administration and the Republican ma-jority have tried to restrict the access to healthcare for Americans. I encourage every American who needs health insurance to visit healthcare.gov and get covered. Finan-cial assistance is available, and about 80 percent of the enrollees who pick plans on healthcare.gov will be able to get insurance for $75 a month or less. 
f 
CONGRATULATING OAKWOOD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Oakwood Elementary School in Wayzata for being recognized as a National Blue Ribbon School for academic excellence. This is a big honor. It is a big deal. I visited Oakwood myself, and only eight schools in Minnesota have received this recognition this year. That is because exemplary, high-performing schools like Oakwood rank among the highest performing schools with top scores in State assessments. One important note worth men-tioning is that Oakwood Elementary School has done significant work ad-dressing the achievement gap in their community so that every one of their students has what they need to be suc-cessful. Mr. Speaker, every one of Oakwood’s teachers, staff, students, and parents should be commended for this accom-plishment. Congratulations, again, to Oakwood Elementary School for being named a National Blue Ribbon School. f 
FLIGHT STANDARDS (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, no family or community should have to relive the devastating loss we felt on February 12, 2009, the day Colgan Air Flight 3407 crashed in western New York, killing all aboard and one on the ground. Thanks to the tireless efforts of the Flight 3407 families and a bipartisan collection of Members of Congress, new flight safety standards have saved other families from similar pain, achieving 7 years of no commercial air-line fatalities. Yet some, including the new nominee to the National Transportation Safety Board, are questioning the need for these hard-fought, commonsense flight safety and training standards. You have a right to know which air-line is flying your plane, you have a right to know that your pilot is well rested, and you have a right to know that the pilot is adequately trained to handle any challenges that might occur in flight. For these rights and for enhanced safety, you can thank the families of Flight 3407 for their work in reaching these standards, and you can join me in fighting to make sure that we keep them. 
f 
CHAMPIONING HEALTHY KIDS (Mr. DENHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, this week, we will see on the floor the Championing Healthy Kids Act. It will include a number of different reforms, which will include the Children’s Health Insurance Program, the CHAM-PION Act, and my bill, the CARE Act. We must increase access throughout our communities across the country. By expanding our residency program, we will see new doctors, especially in these underserved areas. Expanding our residency program will allow our med-ical schools to have people in our com-munities practicing medicine, and, ul-timately, filling this doctor shortage that we have today. I look forward to the passing of the Championing Healthy Kids Act, which will, again, help our children with their health insurance coverage and expand our residency program at a much-need-ed time. 
f 
TAX REFORM (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.019 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8308 November 1, 2017 
Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, right now, President Trump and the Repub-licans are trying to pass a massive tax cut for billionaires, millionaires, and wealthy corporations, and reward com-panies that ship American jobs over-seas. The only way they can pay for it is by raising taxes on working people and cutting more than $1 trillion from Medicare and Medicaid. This is not what Donald Trump, the candidate, promised the American peo-ple when he ran for President. He promised he would protect Social Secu-rity, Medicare, and Medicaid, but it turns out that wasn’t true. Wealthy Americans are doing better than ever. The top 1 percent are earn-ing three times as much as they did 30 years ago, but working people haven’t seen their pay go up at all. Let’s get serious. Let’s get working people a better deal that cuts their taxes. Let’s get them a better deal that protects Social Security and Medicare. Let’s not give tax breaks to companies that ship American jobs overseas. The American people deserve a better deal, not this raw deal that hurts work-ing families. 
f 
HONORING HERSHEL ‘‘WOODY’’ WILLIAMS (Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Hershel ‘‘Woody’’ Williams and commemorate a naval vessel, which was christened in his honor on Saturday, October 21, in San Diego, California. The ship will provide for accommodations for up to 250 personnel, will offer a 52,000-square- foot flight deck, and will support heli-copters and tilt-rotor aircraft. Woody Williams grew up on a dairy farm in Fairmont, West Virginia, and enlisted in the United States Marine Corps Reserve in Charleston, West Vir-ginia, on May 26, 1943. Woody landed in Iwo Jima on Feb-ruary 21, 1945. Woody fought through the remainder of the 5-week-long bat-tle and was wounded on March 6, for which he was awarded the Purple Heart. As a result of Woody Williams’ coura-geous service in the 21st Marines, 3rd Marine Division in the Battle of Iwo Jima, he received the Congressional Medal of Honor from President Tru-man. Today, at 93 years old, he is the last living Medal of Honor recipient from that battle. I join all West Virginians in con-gratulating Woody Williams for this incredible honor. He is an unparalleled advocate for veterans from all eras and a fine example of what it means not only to be a West Virginian but an American. b1215 HONORING THE LIFE OF HEATHER ALVARADO (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 1-month anniversary of the terrible shooting that happened in my hometown, Las Vegas, on October 1. I rise to remember the life of Heather Alvarado, a woman who was known for her hugs, her love of hot pink, and her beautiful green eyes. Heather lived for her kids, Syrus, Albie, and Charlie, and had traveled to Las Vegas to attend the Route 91 con-cert with her daughter. Heather loved going on vacation with her family and spending time outdoors. She loved planning parties for her chil-dren and friends, including hosting elaborate Halloween parties every year. She was known for her caring na-ture and kindness. Heather’s husband, Albert, said that she saw the good in everyone and would do almost any-thing to help others. I would like to extend my deepest condolences to Heather’s friends and family. Please know that the city of Las Vegas and the State of Nevada and the whole country grieve with you. f 
NEEDVILLE HARVEST FESTIVAL (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, there is a great town back home in Texas 22, which some people think has a strange name. It is called Needville, Texas. The folks in Needville need nothing except open ground and clear skies with millions of bright stars visible at night. On the third weekend in October for the last 34 years, the whole town turns out for the Needville Harvest Festival. The Harvest Fest is all Texas. There is a talent show with twirlers and clog dancers; barbecue cook-offs; contests for the best fajitas, the best pork loins, the best chicken, and the best pork ribs; and they give away a 4-by-4 Gator. City slickers think that is some sort of lizard. It is a big farm tool, a farm tractor. The best part is all the money they raise goes to their city to improve their 60-acre Harvest Park and the Needville schools. I will close with a message from Mayor Ernie Stuart, Harvest Festival President Chris Janicek, and my guest for President Trump’s speech this up-coming February, Katie Vacek. They all say, ‘‘Go Astros. Beat L.A.’’ 
f 
THE STORY OF JUAN NAVARRO (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the story of Juan Navarro in Monmouth, Oregon, and to continue to urge Speaker RYANto put forth a clean Dream Act bill. Juan was brought to the United States, when he was 3 years old, from Guadalajara, Mexico. Juan suffers from cerebral palsy and was unable to walk. Juan was admitted as a research pa-tient in Shriners Hospital, and after multiple surgeries and 12 long years of physical therapy, Juan now is able to walk without any support. While Juan was receiving care, his parents had to work two jobs, some-thing we all used to do. They did this to provide a better life for Juan. Over time, Juan excelled in school, and Oregon became his home. Juan is an active member in the Monmouth and Western Oregon Univer-sity communities. He serves as a diver-sity student mentor, works with the faculty at Western Oregon to create a campus website that lists available re-sources for undocumented students, works for the city of Monmouth as a community liaison, and started a sup-port group for DREAMers at Western Oregon University. Juan is the first person in his family to graduate from college and is cur-rently attending graduate school at Or-egon State University’s College Stu-dent Services Administration program. He currently works as a graduate as-sistant and hopes to bring more insti-tutional changes for students of color. Without DACA, none of this would have been possible for Juan, and our country would have lost out on a moti-vated and talented person. Young people across the country are relying on us. We need to pass a clean Dream Act that will recognize Juan and the over 800,000 DREAMers as equal members of our community. 
f 
NATIVE AMERICAN HERITAGE MONTH (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, every No-vember we commemorate Native Amer-ican Heritage Month. I am honored to share a long-standing partnership with Indian Tribes located in Arizona and across the United States. This includes our most recent efforts to extend the AMBER Alert program to Indian Coun-try, which will ensure that every fam-ily in Indian Country is afforded the same resources to find a missing child. Today I am especially grateful to recognize the valiant service of Native American U.S. Marines during the Iwo Jima campaign: Ira Hayes, a member of the Gila River Pima Indian community, is most notably remembered as one of the serv-icemen who raised the American flag over Mount Suribachi. The Navajo Code Talkers were also irreplaceable during World War II. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.021 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8309 November 1, 2017 
Code Talkers effectively transmitted combat messages across enemy lines to avoid interception and decryption. Major Howard Connor said it best: ‘‘Were it not for the Navajos, the Ma-rines would never have taken Iwo Jima.’’ Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to high-light their contributions to Arizona and the United States. 
f 
CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, the Children’s Health Insurance Program, which is also known as CHIP, provides low-cost health insurance to nearly 9 million children all across the country, including over 25,000 children in my home State of Hawaii. Together with Medicaid, these programs have reduced the Nation’s uninsured rate for chil-dren to a record low of 5 percent. Republicans in Congress let CHIP ex-pire back in September, jeopardizing the healthcare of millions of children. At the current pace, my home State of Hawaii will exhaust all current CHIP funding by the end of this year, leaving thousands of our keiki unable to visit a doctor for routine checkups and to re-ceive immunizations, prescriptions, or more. We must act now to reauthorize this CHIP program to ensure that our chil-dren have access to the healthcare that they need. We cannot neglect those who need help the most by failing to act and reauthorize this legislation. We must act now. 
f 
WE NEED A BIPARTISAN SOLU-TION TO REAUTHORIZE CHIL-DREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM (Mr. EVANS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, this year my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have wasted months in often mis-guided debate over repealing the Af-fordable Care Act. While this debate has raged within one political party, the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram has expired. I received a letter last night from Governor Tom Wolf of Pennsylvania. He wants us to act to protect the hun-dreds of thousands of children in our Commonwealth who depend on CHIP funding to meet their basic healthcare needs. The GOP has failed to reauthorize CHIP over arguments of how to pay for it and the distractions of a failed effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act. That puts us in a tough spot in Philadelphia and the Commonwealth. I am convinced that something must be done because, as Governor Wolf points out, time is essential for our State and numerous others; yet 300,000 kids are enrolled in CHIP, which will soon run out of money to pay for their care. The kids who rely on CHIP funding are some of the most vulnerable in our State, and, frankly, they need action now. The solution doesn’t have to be partisan. Providing low-income kids and the hospitals that serve them isn’t a Democratic or Republican issue; it is a commonsense issue. The failure to act is unacceptable, so I say now we need to do something. I urge my colleagues in the GOP to get to work on a bipartisan solution. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2936, RESILIENT FED-ERAL FORESTS ACT OF 2017 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 595 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 595 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2936) to expe-dite under the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 and improve forest manage-ment activities on National Forest System lands, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on Tribal lands to return resilience to over-grown, fire-prone forested lands, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and amendments specified in this resolution and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Agriculture and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. In lieu of the amendments in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committees on Agriculture and Nat-ural Resources now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-36. That amend-ment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules ac-companying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. Any Mem-ber may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Washington is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. H
ASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, just yesterday, the Rules Committee met and reported a rule, House Resolution 595, providing for consideration of an important piece of legislation, H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017. The rule provides for consideration of H.R. 2936 under a structured rule, with four Democratic amendments made in order and two bipartisan amendments and one Republican-led amendment made in order. Mr. Speaker, this rule provides for consideration of H.R. 2936, the Resil-ient Federal Forests Act of 2017, a bill that is critically important to my dis-trict in central Washington State and to rural, forested districts like it across the United States who continue to face devastation from catastrophic wildfires as we have seen, just this last year, a great example of. This bipartisan, comprehensive legis-lation is aimed at addressing the disas-trous consequences of wildfires by uti-lizing the tools the Forest Service and other agencies have to reduce the threats posed by these wildfires, by in-sects, by disease infestation, and by dangerous old forest overgrowth that serves as a literal tinderbox for wildfires. This legislation will expedite and improve forest management activi-ties in Federal forests to counteract these threats. This legislation, spearheaded by my friend and colleague from Arkansas, Representative B
RUCE WESTERMAN , who is a trained forester himself, is comprised of a truly comprehensive ef-fort developed here in the people’s House. It is bipartisan. This bipartisan support demonstrates that the threat of catastrophic wildfires does not just impact a red or a blue district, but, rather, it poses a threat to commu-nities across the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.023 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8310 November 1, 2017 
b1230 H.R. 2936 would provide Federal land management agencies immediate tools to increase the pace and the scale of forest management projects to dra-matically improve the health and resil-iency of our national forests, ensuring robust protection of the environment. Active management leads to healthier forests. It is that simple. This legislation also allows expedited review for collaborative projects in Federal forests and removes incentives for special interest groups to file frivo-lous lawsuits. By requiring litigants opposing active management projects to propose an alternative management option, we can instill accountability into a system that is wrought with liti-gation. Additionally, the legislation bolsters locally led forest management and haz-ardous fuel reduction projects to im-prove forest health. By engaging local stakeholders, we can lessen the severity and the costs of wildfires, while protecting the commu-nities and the environment. Mr. Speaker, another major compo-nent of our Nation’s wildfire crisis is the broken system with which we fund firefighting suppression. When these firefighting costs exceed the existing budget, the U.S. Forest Service trans-fers funds from other vital forest man-agement program accounts in order to pay for wildfire suppression. I and a lot of other people in this Chamber have been outspoken critics of this dan-gerous broken cycle known as fire bor-rowing. That also is a very bipartisan position that is taken. H.R. 2936 pro-vides a major step forward in ending this cycle. By raiding accounts that provide for forest management pro-grams which help prevent wildfires, we tie one hand behind our back in an ef-fort to both prevent and suppress these catastrophic wildfires. This legislation will help to put an end to this long-standing problem. Mr. Speaker, my constituents know as well as anyone the immense threat that wildfires pose to local commu-nities. In just the past 4 years, the fourth district of my State, my dis-trict, has seen the two largest fires in Washington State’s history. We have lost hundreds of homes and businesses and structures. My constituents are still struggling to recover from the Carlton Complex Fire of 2014 and the Okanogan Complex Fire of 2015. We lost three firefighters that year. That truly is a high cost. Active forest management is a mat-ter of saving lives and livelihoods, of protecting our communities, and en-suring our constituents’ health and safety, which is why I am proud to sup-port this rule and the underlying legis-lation that it represents today. Mr. Speaker, as I have often said, we cannot continue to limp from one dev-astating fire season to the next. We must take significant steps toward re-forestation, rehabilitation, and overall forest management. This legislation will allow us to do just that. We must begin to prevent, to suppress, to miti-gate the threat of catastrophic wildfires, and the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017 will be a momen-tous opportunity to turn around our diseased and overgrown Federal for-ests. This legislation is essential and desperately needed to change the cur-rent path of forest management on public lands. It is outdated, unsustainable, and dangerous. Mr. Speaker, this is a straight-forward rule allowing for consideration of this critical piece of legislation that will help protect our rural commu-nities and ensure that we are prepared to respond to devastating and cata-strophic wildfires that have plagued many areas of our country in the last few years. Mr. Speaker, I support the rule’s adoption, I urge my colleagues to sup-port both the rule and the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, before I yield to my col-league from Florida, I would like to share one last note. Just a few weeks ago, the new chief of the U.S. Forest Service, Tony Tooke, came to Capitol Hill and briefed some of my colleagues, including me, regarding this year’s devastating wildfire season. He reported to us that over 8 million acres, just this year, have burned. We have also lost dozens of lives, thou-sands of homes. Chief Tooke left us with the stark fact that while more than 8 million acres burned this year, another 80 million acres across the United States are at high risk of catch-ing fire—80 million acres. Mr. Speaker, if that does not show how dire this problem is, then I certainly can’t tell you what does. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, before beginning my re-marks, I would offer condolences to the grieving families who lost loved ones in yesterday’s terrorist attack in New York City, and to have the people of New York know—and I know I speak for all of us, and there will be a more appropriate recognition at a time in the future, I am sure, but to have them know that all of us grieve with them and are concerned not only for those who lost their lives, but to assist in preventing measures of this type in the future. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Washington for yielding to me the cus-tomary 30 minutes for debate. This bill is a sweeping attack on re-sponsible forest management policy that upends key environmental safe-guards, limits public participation in land management decisions, and prioritizes commercial timber harvest over transparent, science-based man-agement. In other words, this is busi-ness as usual for this Republican ma-jority when it comes to protecting our environment. A footnote right there, my friend from the State of Washington does highlight, rightly, concerns not only for his congressional district, but areas throughout the country that have ex-perienced wildfires. Many of us have talked about this in conjunction with other disasters and a need for this Congress to be able to ad-dress the shortfall in funding for such important measures. During this Congress alone, my Re-publican friends have brought to the floor bills that undermine the ability of the Environmental Protection Agen-cy to issue independent and objective scientific conclusions, weaken regula-tions of pesticides, and repeal rulemakings aimed at effective, science-based management of public lands, just to name a few things. Repeatedly, my Republican friends ignore science and attack environ-mental protections all in an all-too-ob-vious attempt to help commercial in-terests over sound conservation policy. This focus not only undermines our public lands, but it also harms the health and safety of the American peo-ple. This bill continues the assault on our Nation’s environmental protections, and it may be one of the most irrespon-sible examples yet. Under the guise of responding to the recent tragic wildfires in California and elsewhere in this Nation, this leg-islation attacks the National Environ-mental Policy Act, known as NEPA, which requires Federal agencies to as-sess the environmental effects of their actions. The bill also attacks the Endangered Species Act by requiring redundant and unnecessary reporting requirements. It blocks access to the courts and limits recovery in environmental justice cases. Just for good measure, this bill effectively overturns President Obama’s administration’s monument expansion. The bill does little to fix the true problem of wildfire management, namely the chronic underfunding of wildfire management. Any serious pro-posal must address the constant fund-ing shortages at the U.S. Forest Serv-ice by increasing the amount of Fed-eral funding available for wildfire sup-pression. A successful solution needs to provide advanced access to emergency funding. Unfortunately, today’s legislation does no such thing. Yesterday, the ad-ministration offered its statement of administration policy, and, at best, it is tepid. It says, ‘‘The administration appreciates the intent of H.R. 2936 . . . and is supportive of land management reforms like those outlined in the leg-islation,’’ and then comes the however. ‘‘The administration, however, has concerns about the legislation’s revi-sions to the Stafford Act, which would force competition for funding between wildfires on Federal land and other dis-asters already covered by the Stafford Act, including hurricanes.’’ It goes on to say, ‘‘ . . . the adminis-tration supports a separate, annual cap 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:38 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.025 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8311 November 1, 2017 
adjustment for wildfire suppression op-erations, which will resolve concerns about the sufficiency of funds for wild-fire suppression and avoid unnecessary competition for Stafford Act funds.’’ Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the Statement of Administration Pol-icy. 
STATEMENT OFADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 2936—RESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS ACT OF  
2017—REP. WESTERMAN R –AR, AND COSPONSORS  The Administration strongly believes that funding for wildland fire management must be addressed in order to enable the Forest Service and the Department of the Interior to better manage the Nation’s forests and other public lands. The Administration’s sec-ond disaster funding request, submitted to Congress on October 4, 2017, underscored this belief. The request also noted the Adminis-tration’s belief that land management re-forms are critical to solving the problem of ‘‘fire borrowing’’—taking funds from forest management programs to cover fire costs that exceed appropriations—in a comprehen-sive manner, rather than through a funding- only appropriations approach. The Administration appreciates the intent of H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017, and is supportive of land man-agement reforms like those outlined in the legislation. The Administration, however, has concerns about the legislation’s revi-sions to the Stafford Act, which would force competition for funding between wildfires on Federal land and other disasters already cov-ered by the Stafford Act, including hurri-canes. Wildland Fire Management Funding Last year, Federal wildfire suppression spending reached $2.9 billion, an amount that signals clearly the need for Congress to ad-dress the rising cost of fire suppression oper-ations. The dependence on ‘‘fire borrowing’’ to cover funding shortfalls in times of severe wildfire impedes the missions of our land management agencies, including by taking critical funding from programs that help re-duce the risk of catastrophic fire, restore and maintain healthy functioning eco-systems, and yield timber production. The Administration, however, has concerns with re-purposing the Stafford Act to ad-dress wildfires. The purpose of the Stafford Act is to assist State, local, tribal, and terri-torial (SLTT) governments that become overwhelmed when responding to and recov-ering from natural disasters affecting their jurisdictions. H.R. 2936 would modify the Stafford Act by creating a new type of dis-aster declaration to address the cost of wild-fire suppression on Federal land, thereby changing long-standing principles governing Federal support to SLTT governments. As we have seen in this year’s historic Atlantic hurricane season, the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) must continue to be focused on its existing mission, and the Stafford Act’s Disaster Relief Fund must re-main dedicated solely to that mission. Instead of the approach outlined in H.R. 2936, the Administration supports a separate, annual cap adjustment for wildfire suppres-sion operations, which will resolve concerns about the sufficiency of funds for wildfire suppression and avoid unnecessary competi-tion for Stafford Act funds. Improving Forest Management The Administration appreciates H.R. 2936’s recognition that fixing the funding compo-nent of fire borrowing will not, on its own, stop the worsening trend of catastrophic wildfires. Meaningful forest management re-forms to strengthen our ability to restore the Nation’s forests and improve their resil-ience to destructive wildfires must be a part of any permanent solution. H.R. 2936’s provi-sions that expedite environmental approval for proactive forest management, including hazardous fuel reduction and post-fire timber salvage and reforestation actions, are impor-tant steps forward. The Administration sup-ports and will continue to work with Con-gress on the details of the forest manage-ment reform proposals. Although the Administration has concerns with H.R. 2936’s modifications to the Staf-ford Act, the Administration will continue working with Congress to enact a sustain-able solution to ‘‘fire borrowing’’ that does not adversely affect FEMA’s critical disaster relief funding and that recognizes the need for a comprehensive solution to the problem of wildfires. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, as I in-dicated, the bill does little to fix the true problem of wildfire management. Any serious proposal, as I have said, must address the constant funding shortages, and that is what, among other things, the administration sug-gested. Mr. Speaker, this year has been a wake-up call. We must do more to re-spond to the natural disasters that face our Nation. After three major hurri-canes and devastating wildfires in my friend from Washington’s State, in California, in Montana, and even in the Everglades of Florida we have experi-enced some wildfires, albeit not at the magnitude of loss of life or property as existed in some of the others, our re-sources and agencies are stretched to the brink. Weeks after the storms, millions of people across the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico are without power and without reliable access to clean drink-ing water. FEMA Administrator Brock Long testified just yesterday that the response to these storms and wildfires and other disasters—we have had tor-nadoes that have come along as well— is costing the Federal Government $200 million a day. Mr. Speaker, I understand that the Office of Management and Budget is currently working to send a proposal to Congress for a third supplemental spending package to address the recov-ery needs in the affected areas. I urge them and my colleagues here in Con-gress to act swiftly to provide the re-sources that so many people des-perately need. In the meantime, what have we gotten from Republicans? Bi-partisanship? Sound science-based pro-posals? No. Instead, the Republican majority has ignored bipartisanship, and, yesterday, in the Rules Com-mittee, a bipartisan measure was of-fered that was a thoughtful proposal on this topic, and was rejected, and pre-sented this bill that we have here now that doesn’t address the real issues fac-ing public land and wildfire manage-ment, but, rather, guts environmental protection and overturns President Obama’s monument expansion. b1245 Mr. Speaker, this is business as usual for House Republicans. But if we are going to seriously address natural dis-asters and how we respond to them, I encourage my friends on the other side of the aisle to put aside their partisan-ship, reconsider their denial of climate change and its effects on our environ-ment, and join Democrats in working together to address this and other im-portant issues faced by all Americans. There were two amendments that were offered yesterday by my col-leagues from California. Both of those amendments were not made in order. I don’t think it is right when people offer legislation, particularly those that have just been damaged, as our colleagues, Congressmen Thompson and Matsui, and others in the northern California region. They at least should have had an opportunity to offer up their amendment and have it voted against if people felt so here in this body. I would hope, in the future, we would make a correction of that kind of un-dertaking. I would hope all Members of this body would have an opportunity to present their ideas on any legislation, and something as important as this could have allowed for an open rule, rather than for partisan activity to reign supreme. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I would just note that the admonition of my friend from Florida, that to bring bipartisan proposals forward, this abso-lutely is a bipartisan bill; support from both sides of the aisle, because, as I said in my opening comments, these kind of fires know no political bound-aries, know no political lines. So I am very happy to report that we have a strong bipartisan effort right here in front of us. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from the Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ). Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule and the underlying bill, Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017. I do thank the gentleman from Wash-ington State for this time. I urge all Members, Republicans and Democrats, to support the rule and the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I want to focus my re-marks on one specific and very impor-tant section of the underlying bill. This pertains to allowing young men and young women the opportunity to work and to learn the family trade of logging. Now, logging is a very big business in the State of Maine. About 90 percent of our State, Mr. Speaker, is forested, and we have generations and traditions of logging in the State of Maine. Logging is often a family-run business where the practice and the technique of har-vesting and then transporting saw logs to mills are passed down from one gen-eration to another. Now, H.R. 2936 brings Federal regula-tions in line with this new technology and new standards of safety by allow-ing family-owned logging businesses 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.026 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8312 November 1, 2017 
the ability to train 16- and 17-year-olds under very close supervision of their parents. We need to make certain, Mr. Speak-er, that the next generation of loggers are able to learn what they need to know, how to run these family-run businesses, including the operation and maintenance of their equipment. We do this, please, by supporting the Resil-ient Federal Forests Act of 2017. This bill, Mr. Speaker, will ensure that the long-term health of the log-ging business industry is supported and can continue from one generation to another. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. If we defeat the previous question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act. This bipartisan, bicameral legisla-tion would help thousands of young people who are Americans in every way except on paper. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I might add, attendant to this, on yesterday, my colleagues, I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , C
ARLOS CURBELO , FREDERICA WILSON , and myself, introduced legislation call-ing for giving 300,000 migrants in this country, from a variety of countries, an opportunity for permanent resi-dence—those from El Salvador, Haiti, Honduras, and Nicaragua. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ), my good friend, to speak to the issue that I just talked about, the Dream Act. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, it has been 57 days since the President abruptly and irresponsibly terminated the DACA program. For 57 days, students have been pan-icked about how much longer they can go to school. Brothers, sisters, sons, and daughters, are terrified that they might lose their loved ones any minute. Parents are afraid to take their children to the hospital or to school, and breadwinners don’t know whether they will be able to continue to earn a paycheck to support them-selves and their families. For 57 days, the Republican-con-trolled Congress has been silent, doing nothing to provide certainty for 800,000 American DREAMers who are caught up in Congressional dysfunction. With-out a permanent legislative fix, these young Americans, like Maritza from Texas, will be at risk of detention and deportation. Maritza works part time to help her pay for college so she can pursue her dream career in journalism after grad-uation. Over months, she and her fam-ily saved up $1,000 to pay for an attor-ney and the DACA program application fee. All she needed was her school to provide her records so she could finish her application. But then Hurricane Harvey hit and flooded her family’s home in east Hous-ton and shut down school for 2 weeks. While Maritza and her mother were re-covering from Harvey’s devastation, they were the victims of another dis-aster, but this one was created by their own government. They watched Attorney General Jeff Sessions announce on live TV that the Trump administration was ending DACA and cutting off new applications for young immigrants just like her. The devastating news crushed Maritza and her family. Now they and countless others have waited 57 days for us to fix it. Today we have the opportunity to uphold our values and to pass the Dream Act so that these young Ameri-cans aren’t waiting in fear any longer. Mr. Speaker, there is a quote directly above your chair from Daniel Webster imploring us to do ‘‘something worthy to be remembered.’’ So how will we be remembered? Will the Republican-controlled Congress continue to sit here and passively ac-cept the Trump administration’s cow-ardly decision to eliminate protections for countless DREAMers across the country? Or do we want to do some-thing about it? We have an opportunity to protect our neighbors, coworkers, classmates, friends, constituents, and members of our military who have done everything to try to contribute to this great coun-try. One vote would change the lives of nearly 800,000 Americans forever. One vote would allow them to pursue the American Dream, to go to school, to continue to work, to buy a house, or to start a business. Mr. Speaker, isn’t that why we were sent here? Wouldn’t that be something worthy to be remembered? I ask my colleagues to vote against the previous question so that we can immediately bring the Dream Act to the floor and provide certainty for Americans like Maritza, who want to continue to work, learn, and live in the country that they love, the only coun-try they have ever known. We cannot afford to wait another day. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, we do deal with a lot of important issues on this floor. Today we are talking about something that, in this country, people are losing property, we are losing our natural resources, and, certainly, peo-ple are losing their lives. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) to talk further on this impor-tant topic. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of the rule and the bill for which it was made, the Resilient Federal For-ests Act. The rule makes in order sev-eral needed amendments, but, more im-portantly, it allows for much-needed debate and consideration of a bipar-tisan bill to address the growing eco-nomic and environmental threats posed by catastrophic wildfires. This bill will give Federal agencies immediate tools to increase the effec-tiveness of our forest management projects while preserving environ-mental protections. While of immense benefit to pre-serving our national parks, the bill also supports the private sector by ad-dressing obstructionist litigation against management activity, and re-warding collaboration by local govern-ments and local stakeholders when they work together to foster more ef-fective management projects. Mr. Speaker, North Carolina’s Fifth District is home to pristine national parks, including the scenic Blue Ridge Parkway, otherwise known as Amer-ica’s favorite drive. I am an unwavering supporter of our Nation’s national parks, and I look for-ward to equipping better our park man-agers to protect our forests from wildfires and other threats to their en-vironmental integrity. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, through you, I would advise my good friend from Washington that I have no further speakers and I will be prepared to close whenever he is. Until such time, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ar-kansas (Mr. WESTERMAN ), the prime sponsor of the bill in question today. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Washington State for not only yielding me this time and for his good work on the Rules Committee, but for his support of my bill, H.R. 2936, the Resilient Fed-eral Forests Act. Mr. Speaker, I would like to speak right now not only as a Member of the United States House of Representa-tives, but also as a forester, educated at this country’s first forestry school, licensed by my home State by exam to practice forestry. If there is an issue that I understand that comes before this Congress, it is our forests. As I listen to accusations from across the aisle, I trust my colleagues are not intentionally trying to mislead, but they seem to know so much about just what isn’t so. This is a bipartisan bill with Democratic cosponsors and it is based on sound scientific management. Mr. Speaker, we are on the floor today to debate a rule and, as you know, this rule is part of the process of the House of Representatives that will conclude later this afternoon with votes not only on this rule, but eventu-ally on the underlying legislation. The process of moving this bill through the House began earlier this year, as I and a number of Members representing multiple committees talked about and debated different ideas and what we hoped for in a final piece of legislation. After hundreds of meetings with stakeholders on all sides of this issue, on both sides of the aisle, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.028 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8313 November 1, 2017 
and countless hours of work by Mem-bers and staff alike, I believe that the House stands ready to vote to improve the condition of our national forest land. However, the hard work of everyone involved will be for naught if the Sen-ate fails to act. For that reason, I en-courage our colleagues in the Senate to take up this legislation, debate it, offer solutions, and act to make a difference on our national forests and our rural communities. Mr. Speaker, let’s be clear. Our na-tional forests are in the poorest condi-tion this Nation has ever seen, and will continue to degrade if we fail to act and complete the work that has started here. However, I believe that we have reason to be encouraged. The Senate Environment and Public Works Com-mittee recently held a hearing on a dis-cussion draft that includes similar for-est management provisions as H.R. 2936, and I know the other committees of jurisdiction are working on forest reform legislation as well. b1300 This is not only a forest health issue; it is a public health issue that demands action. Shame on us if we continue to stand idly by and watch our treasured national forests go up in smoke while people suffer and die. I stand here today to encourage the House to adopt this rule and pass this bill, therefore allowing the United States Senate to take up the legislation, or, at the very least, something similar to it. Pass it and allow us to meet at conference and work out the differences. Let us present a workable solution to the President for his signature. This year, more than 8.8 million acres of wildfire burned, as has been pointed out, and there is an additional 80 million acres on the verge of spawn-ing more catastrophic wildfires. How many more acres must burn? How many more lives must be lost? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Arkansas. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, how many more dreams will be ruined be-fore we come together to address this critical issue? Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the rule. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, it is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. C
HE-
NEY). Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , from the Rules Committee, as well as Mr. W
ESTERMAN , for their work on this bill. I rise in support, Mr. Speaker, of the rule for consideration of H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal Forests Act, a bill that will help address the wildfire cri-sis that is plaguing our Nation as well as begin the very important process of restoring the health of our forests. As you know, Mr. Speaker, this has been one of the largest wildfire years in our Nation’s history. We have seen livelihoods across the West threatened and seen the lives of our brave fire-fighters put in harm’s way. These fires are deadly, and, tragically, more than 40 people lost their lives when fast- moving wildfires swept through north-ern California just a few weeks ago. Mr. Speaker, we have particularly felt the effects in my State of Wyo-ming, where we find ourselves in an ab-solutely indefensible situation. Fires are being caused and worsened by Fed-eral mismanagement. Eight years of Federal policy opposing proven meth-ods of forest management and, instead, focusing on efforts to prevent all human use of our forests have done sig-nificant damage. This damage is not just to the forests that we have had to watch burn, Mr. Speaker, but we have also seen tremen-dous damage to our water in postfire situations where the water is contami-nated with ash; significant damage to wildlife habitat, the health of our for-ests, to property, and, most impor-tantly, Mr. Speaker, to human life. Under the bad policies and the mis-management from the Federal Govern-ment, we have seen our forests become overgrown, accumulating unsafe levels of hazardous biofuels that have become an absolute tinderbox for these fires. We must take action now. This bill, as my colleagues have pointed out, is a bipartisan effort to begin to take the steps we know will help reduce hazardous fuels and im-prove the management of our forests. We must also act, Mr. Speaker, as a Congress, to fix the fire-borrowing issue. The Resilient Federal Forests Act takes a significant step toward ending the practice of fire borrowing, and simplifies the process for imple-menting proper, effective forest man-agement strategies. Mr. Speaker, I urge, therefore, the adoption of the rule and the underlying bill. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. CALVERT ), the chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies, to demonstrate the impor-tance of this particular piece of legisla-tion to the whole country. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule for H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017. This bill is a commonsense, thoughtful approach to restore our forests and minimize for-est fire risk. First and foremost, I thank Rep-resentative W
ESTERMAN for under-standing the need for these vital re-forms. He has been a great partner to work with and has a keen under-standing of how to restore our forests. This bill contains a number of needed reforms, but, in particular, H.R. 2936 will put an end to obstructionist litiga-tion that has been paralyzing the abil-ity of the Forest Service to manage their own land for years. The legislation creates an arbitration pilot program that requires anyone suing to block a forest management ac-tivity to produce an alternative solu-tion, providing effective resolutions to problems rather than frivolous litigant activity. The bill also puts a limit on the amount of taxpayer dollars that can go to pay legal fees of obstruc-tionist groups when they sue to stop management. It seems that every year we have a longer, more devastating fire season. In my home State of California this year, it has been particularly devastating in both lives and land lost. These fires de-mand that we act, and we need to act now, to fix our forest management. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for his leadership on this issue. One last thing: Go Dodgers. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, most all Western States were impacted in one way or another by catastrophic fires this summer. Particularly hard hit was the great State of Oregon. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), the chair-man of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from the Rules Com-mittee, my colleague from across the river in Washington State. My apolo-gies to Washingtonians because one of our fires, the Eagle Creek fire, actually spotted across the mighty Columbia River, set fire to part of the forests in Washington State down near Steven-son. Fortunately, that fire was extin-guished. The one on the Oregon side was terribly dangerous, man-caused, human-caused. It blew out 14 miles in one night headed toward Portland. These are monster fires. We lost 678,000 acres this year to forest fires in my great State of Oregon. It is about two-thirds of the entire size of the State of Rhode Island. It is enormous. This is happening year after year, and the consequences are extraordinary. Smoke chokes our airsheds. Schools literally had to shut down and send kids home because it was too smoky to have them inside the school. The 30th anniversary of Cycle Oregon was can-celed. That is a major annual bicycle ride that occurs; 30 years, the 30th an-niversary, canceled. They couldn’t find a way to pull it off. The Shakespeare Festival down in Ashland, nine per-formances had to be canceled; $400,000, Mr. Speaker, just in ticket receipts that had to be foregone. I am told they had to lay off people as a result. When you think about not only the lost forests—this is what a forest looks like after it is burned—the ground is often sterilized. You can’t even go back and replant for a year or two in some cases because there is no soil left. The impacts are enormous on our en-vironment. Those of us who are con-cerned about the environment, about carbon emissions into the atmosphere, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.029 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8314 November 1, 2017 
in 2015, when a like amount was burned in Oregon, the Forest Service esti-mated the blazes emitted more than 90,000 tons of fine particulates and 14.2 million tons of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. That is equivalent to more than 3 million cars; 3 million cars. The cause of these increasingly cata-strophic fires, as Dr. John Bailey of the Oregon State University’s College of Forestry pointed out during a hearing earlier this month in our Energy and Commerce Committee, in some cases, the forest landscapes in my part of Or-egon, eastern Oregon that would have historically held about 20 trees per acre, have more than 1,000 trees grow-ing there today. You see, we have stopped manage-ment. In many cases, we have stopped fire. The forests continue to grow, and die, and build, and get more dense, and so when fire does strike, it is with dev-astating consequence. My friend from Florida, and he is my friend, when he gets thunderstorms in Florida in the summer, he gets a lot of rain with it, I bet. If we have thunder-storms in Oregon, we don’t get the rain. We went nearly 90 days without any rain, but we still got lightning. The lightning torches these forests and starts a lot of these blazes. A 2014 study in California by the Na-ture Conservancy, Forest Service, and others found that these types of projects can reduce the intensity of fires up to 70 percent. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Poe of Texas). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gen-tleman from Oregon. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. My intensity of this issue is almost that of the fires we fight. We can reduce the size and intensity of fires by 70 percent if we do the kinds of projects that thin out the forest, better manage, and be better stewards of our public Federal forests that are contemplated as a result of this legis-lation. In Oregon, this bill would take away an arbitrary prohibition on harvesting trees over 21 inches in diameter that has tied the hands of our forest man-agers. We would clarify timber produc-tion mandates of the unique Oregon- California lands in southern and west-ern Oregon to live with the underlying statute and actually have it enforced. When fires do happen, we would ex-change this for a new, healthy forest that would grow green trees that se-quester carbon and restore a landscape that we in the West so enjoy. It is long past time to fix our broken forest policy. I commend the Rules Committee for bringing this bill for-ward, and I commend Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. B
ISHOP , and others who have worked on this on both sides of the aisle to help us stop the fires that rav-age, and kill, and destroy, and to help us have healthy, green forests. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Oregon for his passionate words about the impact of catastrophic fires in his State. He is right. The fire from Oregon did jump the Columbia River into Wash-ington, but that is not the only thing that they shared with us this summer. My own community, the Yakima Val-ley, was filled with smoke for probably 6 weeks this summer, causing all kinds of health issues for the citizens of cen-tral Washington, not just from Oregon, but smoke also from as far away as Montana and Idaho, and other parts of the Northwest. In fact, I was just handed a news arti-cle, I would like to note, from the Methow Valley News, which if you have never been to the Methow Valley, it is one of the most pristine, beautiful places on the face of the Earth. They are talking about the quality of air in the Methow Valley in the community of Twisp. The air pollution in Twisp, Wash-ington, is considered among the worst in the State, if you can imagine that, in some of the most beautiful, clean, pristine areas that you can imagine. The air quality, largely due to these catastrophic fires year round, has been impacted negatively. That is some-thing that, thanks to the Methow Val-ley News, they are making very clear to all of us that we need to do some-thing to address this particularly im-portant issue. I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS ), my neighbor to the east, the Congressperson from the Fifth Congressional District of the State of Washington. Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership on this very important issue. I am pleased to see this legislation, the Resilient Federal Forests Act com-ing to the floor today. I also want to express appreciation to Representative W
ESTERMAN for his leadership through the years on this issue. In recent years, in my home State, as has been men-tioned, in Washington State, we have seen larger and larger devastating wildfires, breaking all of the records, and it seems like every year they just get larger and larger, and more dev-astating. They impact people’s health. It is not unusual now for air quality warnings to be in eastern Washington, not just for days, but weeks at end, where it really does impact people’s health. It jeopardizes our safety—the stories of people who are caught in the midst of these fires—and it is destroying our en-vironment. We like to think of our forests as being green and healthy stands of trees, but, unfortunately, today, when you look at these forests, millions of acres, millions and millions of acres within the U.S. Forest Service are ac-tually diseased, dying, bug-infested trees. I had the opportunity to meet with the chief of the Forest Service just last week, and he said that he estimated 80 million out of the 198 million acres that the U.S. Forest Service owns needs treatment. The Forest Service has warned us for years that the forests are in terrible shape. It is really a result of decades of overregulation and frivolous lawsuits that have hindered forest management, and we are paying the price. I represent the Colville National For-est which is about a million-acre for-est. It is really the engine of our econ-omy in the Northwest. Because what happens in the Colville National Forest determines whether or not we have Vaagen Brothers Lumber, or 49 Degrees North Ski & Snowboard Resort, or the biomass facility that Avista runs, con-verting wood waste into electricity. This is all providing jobs, energy, recreational opportunities, yet mills have been closed, and jobs have been lost. It is unacceptable. It is time to pass the Resilient Federal Forests Act legislation. b1315 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the good gentlewoman from Washington State for her remarks. Mr. Speaker, how much time do I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Washington has 31⁄4min-utes remaining. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just want to quickly show this is an example of some of the fire damage. If you can see that, this is from the Carlton Complex Fire that happened 3 years ago in my district in central Washington, taken just yester-day. The Carlton Complex burned through State, private, and Federal lands. So you can see that these dead, fire-dam-aged trees have not been logged, they have not been removed, and what they do is provide the kindling for the next catastrophic fire. So that is what we are talking about here, not disarming local communities but actually arming them and giving them the ability and the tools that they need in order to prevent these cat-astrophic fires. I would invite the good gentleman from Florida to come with me to wit-ness firsthand the devastation and the potential devastation that we have and to really understand the nature of the issue. I would reciprocate with a visit to his State to see the damage done by the devastating hurricanes as well. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I advise my friend that I am prepared to close. I have no addi-tional speakers, and I will go forward with your permission. In the wake of the worst wildfires, as have been mentioned here by so many 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.031 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8315 November 1, 2017 
of our colleagues, that the U.S. has ex-perienced in quite a while, House Re-publicans, however, have responded by bringing to the floor, really, a tired bill passed last Congress that went no-where in the Senate, a bill that does not fix the true problem of chronically underfunding wildfire prevention but, instead, doubles down in creating an unworkable system for wildfire sup-pression funding, a bill that rolls back environmental protection and limits access to the courts. It is dismaying to see the response to natural disasters in this country hinge on the same thing so many other im-portant debates do: partisanship and ignoring facts and science. Despite a year in which we have seen historic hurricanes and wildfires, my Republican colleagues have yet again resorted to continuing to push policies that repeal environmental regulations, all the while denying the effects cli-mate change is having on our commu-nities and our country’s economy. My friend from Oregon, a moment ago—and he is my friend—spoke about the thunderstorms that we receive in Florida. In his version, it is accom-panied by rain, and that is true a lot. But we, too, have droughts in Florida, and Florida is known as the lightning capital of the world. Very occasionally, particularly in central Florida and in the Everglades, those lightning strikes produce wildfires in the congressional district that I serve and many others. Our response to these events needs to improve, and it needs to happen quick-ly. These disasters do not recognize con-gressional districts. These disasters do not target one area of our country over another and do not care about Repub-lican or Democratic partisan games-manship. If we are going to adequately respond to the needs of millions of American citizens in the wake of these and future storms and future wildfires, we need to be advocating for sound policies based on science. This is the only way to protect future generations. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule and the underlying legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  the newspaper article from the Methow Valley News, dated October 27. 
[From the Methow Valley News, Oct. 27, 2017] S
MOKE ISAYEAR-ROUND PROBLEM IN THE  V
ALLEY  (By Ann McCreary) Autumn in the Methow Valley brings cool, crisp weather, bright days and colorful foli-age. And smoke. Just like every other season of the year. The Methow Valley’s clean, clear air—one of its key attractions—is anything but clean and clear for extended periods of the year. In fact, the Methow Valley has four seasons of smoke, said Liz Walker, head of the Methow Valley Clean Air Project. And it is not insignificant amounts of smoke, Walker said. Air pollution in Twisp is among the worst in the state, based on data from the Washington Department of Ecol-ogy. Each season in the Methow Valley brings its own source of air pollution. In recent years, the all-too-familiar pall of wildfire smoke has hung over the valley for days or weeks during summer. As wildfires are put out by cooler, wet weather of fall, the valley enters another phase of smoke produced by prescribed burning in national forests, out-door burn piles and wood stoves for home heating. In spring, prescribed burning begins again, as well as more burn piles. ‘‘Maybe a respite in June and early July, and then wildfire season will be upon us,’’ Walker said. Although wildfire season can bring health- threatening amounts of smoke to the valley, like last summer’s Diamond Creek Fire, poor air quality is a real concern in winter as well, Walker said. ‘‘We’re susceptible to in-versions and stagnation in the winter months’’ that trap wood stove smoke on the valley floor, she said. Smoke is the air pollutant of greatest con-cern in the Methow Valley, and is monitored by the Department of Ecology. It is known as PM2.5, which means particulate matter that is 2.5 microns or smaller. These tiny particles are most frequently caused by in-complete combustion, and can stay airborne and can travel long distances, increasing the likelihood that humans and animals will in-hale them. Data collected by a Department of Ecology air monitor in Twisp ranked air quality at that site among the eight most-polluted places in the state in 2016, Walker said. ‘‘By several of the measures the Department of Ecology uses to look at PM2.5 pollution re-ported at air quality monitors across the state, Twisp ranks among the worst in air pollution—worse than metro Seattle or Ta-coma. This is even after PM2.5 from wildfire smoke is subtracted out,’’ Walker said. There was insufficient data from the air pollution monitor in Winthrop to assess air quality there last year, ‘‘but it is typically only slightly better than Twisp,’’ Walker said. PUBLIC COST  ‘‘Our valley cares a lot about this, and we’re working together to improve it. There’s a real public health cost to air pollu-tion. Anyone who has sat around a campfire, or gone for a strenuous hike on a smoky day has had a firsthand lesson in the toxicity of smoke,’’ Walker said. Walker’s concern about health impacts come from her training as an environmental health toxicologist. Harmful effects range from the inability to exercise outdoors, to respiratory distress and infections, to in-creased risk of cancer. ‘‘For vulnerable populations—babies, chil-dren, pregnant women, elders, and anyone with heart or lung issues—bad air days can mean serious health repercussions. For ev-eryone, chronic exposure to high levels of PM2.5 can potentially trigger or exacerbate conditions such as headaches, asthma, bron-chitis and cardiovascular disease.’’ There are economic costs of air pollution in the Methow Valley as well, she said. ‘‘We’re a tourist economy, dependent on the natural beauty of the valley,’’ Walker said. The Methow Valley Clean Air Project was launched in 2015 by Raleigh Bowden, a local physician, after she saw people suffering health effects of poor winter air quality, Walker said. A key goal of the project is im-proving air quality during the home heating season, October through March. ‘‘Due to our valley’s frequent winter inver-sions, smoke from woodstoves and outdoor burning pollutes our air to frequently unhealthy levels,’’ Walker said. ‘‘We’ve fo-cused on the home heating season because this is when we can make behavioral changes to improve our air quality. This is a control-lable source of pollution, as contrasted with pollution from wildfires.’’ The Clean Air Project outlines measures residents can take to reduce pollution from wood stoves, including: Properly season wood so that it is dry and burns cleaner; clean chimneys yearly; build small, hot fires and don’t damp them down; comply with burn bans; upgrade to certified stoves or a wood-burning alternative; weatherize homes. The organization is also working to reduce outdoor burning of yard waste and provide alternatives, including ‘‘vegetation drives’’ sponsored by the Clean Air Project, Walker said. SUCCESSFUL DRIVES  Vgetation drives, supported by grants and partnerships, were held in the fall of 2016 and spring of 2017, and another drive is scheduled next spring. Past drives have collected about 20 tons of vegetation, which prevented hun-dreds or thousands of hours of smoke, Walk-er said. The yard waste was dropped off by resi-dents and hauled to the county landfill dur-ing the first drive, conducted over two days. During the second drive, conducted over eight days in partnership with the Town of Twisp, residents delivered vegetation to a site near the Twisp wastewater treatment plant, where it was chipped and offered free for landscaping and mulching. ‘‘The most unusual community participant brought his load strapped to the back of his bicycle—now that’s commitment to clean air!’’ Walker said. The Clean Air Project also partnered this year with the Pine Forest Homeowners Asso-ciation to provide support for chipping branches and slash created when underbrush and trees were thinned and limbed as part of Pine Forest’s ongoing Firewise efforts. The debris would otherwise have been burned. Next spring’s vegetation drive will be con-ducted in partnership with the Okanogan Conservation District, Walker said. She sug-gested that residents who have been accumu-lating yard waste cover their piles this fall instead of burning them, and haul them to the vegetation drive in the spring to be chipped. Walker acknowledged that it takes extra effort, and a different mindset, to participate in a vegetation drive rather than burn yard waste. ‘‘It’s hard. Our valley is long. It re-quires a truck, loading it up and hauling it in,’’ she said. ‘‘People have been outdoor burning in the valley forever. It’s how you get rid of your stuff when you live out in the country.’’ However, Walker said, many valley resi-dents have been supportive of the vegetation drives. ‘‘People really appreciate this as an option. They don’t want to impact the health of families and the community,’’ she said. For people who want to continue the long-standing local tradition of burning yard waste, the Clean Air Project suggests ‘‘best practices for burning outdoors in the most safe and clean way,’’ Walker said. ‘‘Make sure the pile is as bone dry as pos-sible. Make sure you know what is a good day, with good ventilation, but not too much wind. We’ve interacted with Fire District 6 and smokejumpers. There are lots of folks with tons of knowledge about how to build a hot, clean pile,’’ she said. The Clean Air Project is overseen by a vol-unteer advisory group. The Methow Valley Citizens’ Council is fiscal sponsor for the or-ganization. More information is available on the Methow Valley Clean Air Project Facebook page. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.033 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8316 November 1, 2017 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend from Florida for to-day’s debate. The issue of proactive management of our Nation’s Federal forests is criti-cally important to the future and eco-nomic well-being of our whole country as well as to the health of our Federal lands and safety of our rural commu-nities. Let me say that, if you have never been through a rural community that has had to face the devastation of a catastrophic fire, you are welcome to come to the State of Washington and see firsthand exactly the kind of dam-age that these fires can do. This is of the highest priority, and I urge all my colleagues to support this rule as well as the underlying bill in order to combat these catastrophic wildfires and reform the way in which we manage our forests. This rule provides for consideration of H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal For-ests Act of 2017. This is bipartisan, it is comprehensive, and it aims at address-ing the disastrous consequences of cat-astrophic wildfires by utilizing the tools the Forest Service and other agencies have to reduce the threats posed by these fires, by insects, by dis-ease infestation, and by dangerous old forest overgrowth. As I said, my district in central Washington and millions of acres across our great country continue to face this threat. We must take steps to prevent and address these fires, which this bill will do by reforming the way we prepare for, respond to, and fund wildfire response and mitigation ef-forts. These threats will only continue to worsen not only for my constitu-ents, but for people all around the country. We are recognizing sustained drought conditions. Mismanagement and fail-ure to conduct maintenance of our for-ests on Federal lands will continue to plague this issue. The underlying legis-lation is essential and desperately needed to change the outdated, unsustainable, and untimely dangerous system of Federal forest management on these lands. Mr. Speaker, this is a straight-forward rule allowing for consideration of a critical piece of legislation that will help protect our rural commu-nities and ensure we are prepared to re-spond to these devastating, cata-strophic fires. I appreciate the discussion we have had today. I believe that this is a crit-ical measure, and I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 595 and the underlying legislation. The material previously referred to by Mr. H
ASTINGS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 595 O FFERED BY  M
R. HASTINGS  At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3440) to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long- term United States residents and who en-tered the United States as children and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3440. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the res-olution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 232, nays 184, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 592] YEAS—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.034 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8317 November 1, 2017 
Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—184 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—16 
Barraga´n Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Clyburn Cummings DeGette DesJarlais Garamendi Gomez Hill Jackson Lee Nadler Perry Pocan Polis Smith (NE) 
b1345 Messrs. BROWN of Maryland and LARSON of Connecticut changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. JONES changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 232, noes 184, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 593] AYES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—184 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.007 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8318 November 1, 2017 
NOT VOTING—16 
Barraga´n Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Clyburn Collins (NY) Cummings DeGette DesJarlais Garamendi Gomez Hill Nadler Perry Pocan Polis Smith (NE) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1353 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 592, and ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 593. 
f 
MAKING IN ORDER CONSIDERATION OF H. RES. 599 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that it be in order at any time to consider H. Res. 599 in the House, if called up by the chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs or his designee; that the resolution be considered as read; that the previous question be considered as ordered on the resolution and preamble to adop-tion without intervening motion or de-mand for division of the question ex-cept for 1 hour of debate equally di-vided and controlled by Representative R
OYCE of California and Representative K
HANNA of California or their respec-tive designees; and that notwith-standing any previous order of the House, the provisions of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution, 50 U.S.C. 1546, shall not apply to H. Con. Res. 81. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Washington? There was no objection. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained with con-stituents when rollcall vote No. 592 was cast on the floor of the House, the mo-tion on ordering the previous question on the rule. If I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 1, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on No-vember 1, 2017, at 11:44 a.m.: Appointments: Virgin Islands of the United States Centen-nial Commission. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky). Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the Chair will post-pone further proceedings today on mo-tions to suspend the rules on which a recorded vote or the yeas and nays are ordered, or votes objected to under clause 6 of rule XX. The House will resume proceedings on postponed questions at a later time. 
f 
ENCOURAGING PUBLIC OFFERINGS ACT OF 2017 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3903) to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to expand the ability to use testing the waters and confidential draft registration submissions, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3903 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Encouraging Public Offerings Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. EXPANDING TESTING THE WATERS AND CONFIDENTIAL SUBMISSIONS. 
The Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77a et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 5(d)— (A) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding’’; (B) by striking ‘‘an emerging growth com-pany or any person authorized to act on be-half of an emerging growth company’’ and inserting ‘‘an issuer or any person author-ized to act on behalf of an issuer’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission may issue regulations, subject to public notice and comment, to impose such other terms, conditions, or requirements on the engaging in oral or written communications described under paragraph (1) by an issuer other than an emerging growth company as the Com-mission determines appropriate. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Prior to any rulemaking described under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall issue a report to the Congress containing a list of the findings supporting the basis of such rulemaking.’’; and (2) in section 6(e)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘E
MERGING  G
ROWTH COMPANIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘D RAFT  R
EGISTRATION STATEMENTS ’’; (B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (4); and (C) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) P
RIOR TO INITIAL PUBLIC OFFERING .— Any issuer, prior to its initial public offering date, may confidentially submit to the Com-mission a draft registration statement, for confidential nonpublic review by the staff of the Commission prior to public filing, pro-vided that the initial confidential submis-sion and all amendments thereto shall be publicly filed with the Commission not later than 15 days before the date on which the issuer conducts a road show (as defined under section 230.433(h)(4) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations) or, in the absence of a road show, at least 15 days prior to the re-quested effective date of the registration statement. ‘‘(2) WITHIN ONE YEAR AFTER INITIAL PUBLIC  
OFFERING OR EXCHANGE REGISTRATION .—Any issuer, within the one-year period following its initial public offering or its registration of a security under section 12(b) of the Secu-rities Exchange Act of 1934, may confiden-tially submit to the Commission a draft reg-istration statement, for confidential non-public review by the staff of the Commission prior to public filing, provided that the ini-tial confidential submission and all amend-ments thereto shall be publicly filed with the Commission not later than 15 days before the date on which the issuer conducts a road show (as defined under section 230.433(h)(4) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations) or, in the absence of a road show, at least 15 days prior to the requested effective date of the registration statement. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission may issue regulations, subject to public notice and comment, to impose such other terms, conditions, or requirements on the submis-sion of draft registration statements de-scribed under this subsection by an issuer other than an emerging growth company as the Commission determines appropriate. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Prior to any rulemaking described under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall issue a report to the Congress containing a list of the findings supporting the basis of such rulemaking.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) and the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. b1400 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, over the last two dec-ades, our Nation has experienced a 37 percent decline in the number of U.S. listed companies—public companies. Equally troubling, we have seen the number of publicly traded companies fall to around 5,700. These statistics are concerning because they are similar to the data we saw in the 1980s when our economy was less than half its current size. Mr. Speaker, since 2000, the average number of initial public offerings, or IPOs, has fallen to approximately 135 per year, which pales in comparison to the more than 450 IPOs filed per year in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.008 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8319 November 1, 2017 
the early 1990s. Notably, there has not been a corresponding downward trend in the creation of new companies over that same period. This demonstrates that the regulatory costs associated with going public is deterring new and emerging companies from making the decision to go public. Now, you may ask: Why is this im-portant? Well, first of all, it is preventing our capital markets from reaching their full potential, which sounds very aca-demic and pie in the sky. What does that mean, though? What it really means is that it is not allowing Mr. and Mrs. 401(k) from par-ticipating in the economic successes that we have seen lately. Federal securities regulations are typically written for large public com-panies, and this one-size-fits-all frame-work imposes a disproportionate bur-den on small and emerging companies looking to go public. The 2012 Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, or JOBS Act, which was a bipartisan bill signed into law by President Obama, created a new type of issue called an emerging growth com-pany, which allowed these so-called EGCs with less than $1 billion in rev-enue to be allowed to communicate with potential investors before an ini-tial public offering and file confidential draft registration statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission. On June 29, 2017, the SEC extended to all companies the option of submitting in advance draft registration state-ments for IPOs and follow-on offerings within 1 year of an IPO. H.R. 3903, the Encouraging Public Of-ferings Act, would ensure that all issues making an IPO would be allowed to communicate with potential inves-tors before an offering and file con-fidential draft registration statements with the Securities and Exchange Com-mission. In other words, we are going to codify what the Securities and Ex-change Commission has said we should be doing. H.R. 3903 simply codifies that prac-tice into law and it will allow these companies to finalize their registration documents without undue expectations from outside influences, and it allows companies to time their offering with the market before making their Form S–1s public and beginning an investor road show. I commend the bipartisan work of Representatives B
UDD and M EEKS on this important bill to ensure that H.R. 3903 applies to all companies, without losing valuable investor protections—a key element in this. This bill will also help encourage companies to go public, and I encour-age all of my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 3903. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3903. This bill will expand the ability of companies to test the waters prior to going public and to submit confidential filings for feedback from the SEC staff prior to filing of an IPO. The JOBS Act of 2012 created these mechanisms for emerging growth com-panies. Emerging growth companies are those with less than $1 billion in revenue, $700 million in public float, and $1 billion in nonconvertible debt. The JOBS Act enabled these companies to speak to institutional investors prior to an IPO without it being con-sidered an unregistered offering for sale of securities. The definition of a securities offering is appropriately broad to protect inves-tors and ensure transparency in our markets by requiring registration and significant disclosures. However, com-panies considering a public offering should be able to talk to the most so-phisticated investors in the markets, large institutional investors, to gauge the interest in the offering. Having that ability will help encourage public offerings because it enables companies to realize efficiencies in assessing de-mand. Research-intensive firms are more likely to test the waters because it lowers the cost of proprietary disclo-sure. These are the firms that drive economic growth by bringing new ideas to market. Research is obviously a passion of mine, having founded a company that was based on my intellectual property and subsequently designing particle ac-celerators as a physicist at Fermi Na-tional Lab. It is the new ideas that grow our GDP and improve the stand-ard of living for all Americans. Moreover, new businesses with new ideas do more to grow the economy than incumbents with new ideas or just acquisitions. The public market pre-sents an opportunity for small busi-nesses to become big businesses with-out being bought out. Additionally, this bill would allow companies of all sizes to file confiden-tially forms with the SEC. This allows the firm to receive feedback without making inappropriate or unrequired in-formation public. Disclosing the cor-rect information helps the markets un-derstand risks and price an offering ap-propriately. The bill also includes a provision giv-ing the SEC discretion to ensure that these mechanisms are used in a way that benefits markets and investors. The U.S. capital markets are the deep-est and most liquid in the world, and this bill will help more companies tap into that capital and grow our econ-omy. Mr. Speaker, I urge broad support for this bill today, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD), the sponsor of this very impor-tant legislation. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Encouraging Public Offerings Act, a bill that the gentleman from New York (Mr. MEEKS ) and I have worked on together, and I thank him for that. I also thank the Financial Services Committee, in particular, the staff and the subcommittee chairman, Mr. H
UIZENGA . I also thank the chairman, the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ). His leadership of this committee and his devotion and fidelity to the con-servative principles are legendary. His retirement will be a great loss to this institution. The Hensarling legacy of conservative leadership will not be for-gotten, and I am certain that his next chapter will be as great as this one. He will be missed by all, especially by those of us—myself among them—who share his vision and his limited govern-ment principles. Mr. Speaker, no other country has a better history of connecting money with vision than the United States of America. We rightfully celebrate our legendary entrepreneurs: Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Andrew Carnegie, Tom Davis, John Rockefeller, and a whole host of others who built the companies that drive our economy. None of those men could have done what they did without capital. None of them could have done what they did without inter-mediaries to connect that capital to their vision. So, Mr. Speaker, the depressing truth is that our capital markets are the big-gest, strongest, and most transparent connectors between money and vision, and they are not where they once were. We have the same number of public of-ferings on our stock exchanges that we did in the 1980s, when the economy was much smaller. We have lost 50 percent of our public companies since the 1990s, and more and more companies choose to go private, or they never even sell their shares to the public. The hope is that, with this bill, we will increase the desire of companies to go public, getting our financial mar-kets back to being the number one method for capital formation. To that end, our bill does three things: First, it allows the companies to file their paperwork for going public with the SEC confidentially. That way, if there is an error or a discrepancy in the documents, the company can work it out with the agency without getting embarrassed in public or exposing in-formation to competitors. Second, it allows all companies to confidentially file their paperwork for a second stock sale after an initial pub-lic offering. Again, the point being to allow for a dialogue between the com-pany and the regulator. Third, it also allows all companies considering an IPO to talk to sophisti-cated investors and qualified institu-tions and see if these investors might want to buy their stock before offering it to the public, which is called ‘‘test-ing the waters.’’ It is hard to know if 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.043 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8320 November 1, 2017 
you should sell a product if you can’t check and see if there is anyone out there who even wants to buy it. Mr. Speaker, these changes to the se-curities laws have received broad sup-port. I want to quote the SEC chair-man on this when he spoke at a hear-ing in our committee. He said: ‘‘The initial data is positive. Not just people using it, but people saying, Thank you, we intend to use it. Both from an IPO perspective, but also from the perspec-tive on follow-on offerings that occur in the first year . . . if there is any ad-verse views, I’d like to hear them. We haven’t heard any.’’ The Center for American Progress, which has not traditionally been friendly to relaxing financial regula-tions, has said that these reforms, which were made available to smaller companies in the JOBS Act, were some of the most successful provisions in that law. This bill applies them to all companies, not just those with a cer-tain amount of revenue. Finally, the Treasury Department gave favorable mention to these re-forms in its report on the capital mar-kets earlier this year. This bill passed out of the House Financial Services Committee with unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, the numbers on public companies are clear. We have a prob-lem. The experts are clear that the changes in the Budd-Meeks bill would be a positive step towards fixing the problem. Similar bipartisan reforms have seen great success in the past. Mr. Speaker, I urge support. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to, first off, reiterate my support of this bill. It is the sort of common-sense, bipartisan fix that will make an incremental improvement to our public markets. However, I would also like to empha-size what I believe is the real threat to the health of our public markets, which is the concentration of wealth at the very top. It is no secret that the competition to our public markets are private equity and venture capital, and these are investment instruments largely, almost entirely, under the con-trol of the very wealthy. We are, this week, going to begin de-bate on a tax bill that will decide, to a large extent, whether we accelerate or decelerate the concentration of wealth at the very top. I just want to empha-size that connection to make everyone understand that the continued health of our public markets, which histori-cally have been such an important con-tributor to middle class investment in growing businesses. So I want people to consider that as we debate this bill, which I fully support, and, as well, the variety of important issues that we de-bate that really affect the distribution of wealth in this country. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ), a member of the Fi-nancial Services Committee. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, access to capital is crucial to promoting a thriving U.S. economy. It allows com-panies to invest in growth and to de-velop new and innovative products and services. Historically, companies seek-ing a considerable amount of capital have preferred to use an initial public offering and have shares traded on a national securities exchange. However, the United States has expe-rienced a 37 percent decline in the number of U.S. listed public compa-nies, which is considerably lower than in the 1980s and 1990s. Public company compliance costs have grown sufficiently large that many smaller firms stay private rather than spend their profit overcoming these regulatory burdens. The Sar-banes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, and other legislative and regulatory actions have contributed to these costs. b1415 Title I of the JOBS Act created a new category of issuers known as emerging growth companies, or EGCs. These issuers must have less than $1 billion in annual revenue or $700,000 million in public float when they register with the SEC. While the JOBS Act made it easier for companies to go public, it was not enough to overcome capital formation obstacles entrepreneurs and small busi-nesses are facing. H.R. 3903, the Encouraging Public Of-ferings Act of 2017, would allow any company, regardless of size or EGC sta-tus, to take advantage of the popular provisions of title I of the 2012 JOBS Act. Title I of the JOBS Act has proven to be a real policy success, and Congress and the SEC should continue to ad-vance policy that will reduce or elimi-nate barriers to economic growth. Mr. Speaker, I applaud Mr. BUDDand Mr. M
EEKS for their work on this im-portant piece of legislation. I appre-ciate our chairman, Mr. H
UIZENGA , for moving it expeditiously through our committee; and our chairman, Mr. H
ENSARLING , for presiding over it. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield-ed myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, we know that trillions of dollars are invested in our economy through IRAs, 401(k)s, and other investment tools. However, these companies need to be publicly traded for Joe and Jane IRA or Mr. and Mrs. 401(k) to even be able to have the opportunity to invest in them. That is what this bill is trying to do. This bill is trying to make sure that those emerging companies, those small startup kind of companies, who may be very innovative or, frankly, might be even more mundane, but they are small and they are looking to grow, that they have an opportunity to do so. Who benefits? Everyone. Everyone is going to be able to take a much more broad view of how they are going to in-vest their hard-earned dollars that they have worked so long and hard for. Mr. Speaker, this is also, I believe, an important aspect, because we know that economic growth comes from small- and medium-sized businesses. That is where we are going to see real-ly the engine of our economy rev up. It is maybe not as much of a headline grabber as some of those big companies adding 100 or 200 or even thousands of jobs, but all of those smaller companies adding people into the workforce add up to far larger numbers than those numbers are. Mr. Speaker, I ask all of my col-leagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3903, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3903, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
FAIR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNI-TIES FOR PROFESSIONAL EX-PERTS ACT Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1585) to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to codify certain qualifications of individuals as accredited investors for purposes of the securities laws, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1585 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act’’. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITION OF ACCREDITED INVESTOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(a)(15) of the Secu-rities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)(15) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as sub-paragraphs (A) and (F), respectively; and (2) in subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon, and inserting after such subparagraph the fol-lowing: ‘‘(B) any natural person whose individual net worth, or joint net worth with that person’s spouse, exceeds $1,000,000 (which amount, along with the amounts set forth in subparagraph (C), shall be adjusted for inflation by the Commis-sion every 5 years to the nearest $10,000 to re-flect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics) where, for purposes of cal-culating net worth under this subparagraph— ‘‘(i) the person’s primary residence shall not be included as an asset; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.044 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8321 November 1, 2017 
‘‘(ii) indebtedness that is secured by the per-son’s primary residence, up to the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time of the sale of securities, shall not be in-cluded as a liability (except that if the amount of such indebtedness outstanding at the time of sale of securities exceeds the amount out-standing 60 days before such time, other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary resi-dence, the amount of such excess shall be in-cluded as a liability); and ‘‘(iii) indebtedness that is secured by the per-son’s primary residence in excess of the esti-mated fair market value of the primary resi-dence at the time of the sale of securities shall be included as a liability; ‘‘(C) any natural person who had an indi-vidual income in excess of $200,000 in each of the 2 most recent years or joint income with that person’s spouse in excess of $300,000 in each of those years and has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the current year; ‘‘(D) any natural person who is currently li-censed or registered as a broker or investment adviser by the Commission, the Financial Indus-try Regulatory Authority, or an equivalent self- regulatory organization (as defined in section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), or the securities division of a State or the equiv-alent State division responsible for licensing or registration of individuals in connection with securities activities; ‘‘(E) any natural person the Commission de-termines, by regulation, to have demonstrable education or job experience to qualify such per-son as having professional knowledge of a sub-ject related to a particular investment, and whose education or job experience is verified by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or an equivalent self-regulatory organization (as defined in section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934); or’’. (b) R
ULEMAKING .—The Commission shall re-vise the definition of accredited investor under Regulation D (17 C.F.R. 230.501 et seq.) to con-form with the amendments made by subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) and the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous materials on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, small businesses, entre-preneurs, and emerging companies are what drive the American economy. We meet them in our districts and see firsthand the benefits that their dreams, their innovations, and their hard work provide to our constituents and to our communities. These innovators, entrepreneurs, and risk takers are critical to our coun-try’s economic growth and prosperity. In fact, small businesses are respon-sible for more than 60 percent of the Nation’s net new jobs over the past two decades. Sixty percent of all of the new jobs over the past two decades come from these small emerging companies. Their ability to raise capital in the private markets is critical to the eco-nomic well-being of the United States. So if our Nation is going to have an economy that provides opportunities for every American, then we must pro-mote and encourage the success and growth of our small businesses and our startups. It is this notion that brings us to this legislation that we are dis-cussing today. Under current law, accredited inves-tors are allowed to purchase securities that haven’t been registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These types of offerings carry more risks than public offerings. The thought is that individuals with enough financial sophistication or net worth can bear the potential losses that may be associated with these types of securities. How the law works today is that this definition of an accredited investor is solely based on wealth. The ability to participate in a pri-vate offering should not be limited to individuals that pass some type of Fed-eral Government assets test. Instead, the ability to participate should be ex-panded to include all individuals who demonstrate that they have sufficient understanding of the offering. That may be a doctor who has gone through the training and has an idea that a new piece of equipment might work for them; or a scientist who has done re-search in the lab who says: You know what, this makes sense to me, and they understand the risk that they are en-tering into. Well, H.R. 1585, the Fair Investment Opportunities for Professional Experts Act, introduced by Representative SCHWEIKERT and Representative H ILL, will expand the definition of an accred-ited investor in a way that will appro-priately increase the pool of potential investors, thereby providing additional investment opportunities for more Americans and enabling the businesses they invest in to create more jobs. The expansion of the accredited in-vestor definition will enhance the abil-ity of many companies, particularly small and emerging companies and businesses, to raise capital and grow by increasing the pool of potential inves-tors. These are investors, again, that are very knowledgeable about that par-ticular area. This will both provide greater invest-ment opportunities for more Ameri-cans and will enable these businesses to begin investing to create more jobs. H.R. 1585 is a bipartisan bill that will help create jobs and a healthier econ-omy. The bill provides Americans with more investment opportunities and en-hances small companies’ ability to raise capital. This legislation overwhelmingly passed the Financial Services Com-mittee by a bipartisan vote of 58–2, and I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this particular bill today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1585. This bill will expand the definition of accredited investor, a sta-tus reserved for investors who possess the sophistication and financial means necessary to invest in private securi-ties offerings. Currently, accredited investors are limited to persons who have an annual income more than $200,000, or $300,000 together with a spouse, or a net worth in excess of $1 million, excluding a pri-mary residence. Aside from the primary residence ex-clusion added by the Dodd-Frank Act, the accredited investor definition has not been updated since 1982. In light of the growth of private mar-kets and increasing complexity, the SEC’s Investor Advisory Committee recommended that the SEC conduct ad-ditional study of adjusting the current thresholds for inflation and estab-lishing alternatives based on existing credentials, investment experience, and limits of investments. An updated definition is long over-due. Current law speaks almost exclu-sively to the ability to bear a loss rath-er than the sophistication of the inves-tor. The bill we consider today is the product of bipartisan compromise. Last Congress, it was significantly narrowed to include only persons who qualify based on current income and net worth tests: registered brokers, and invest-ment advisers, and those who have the appropriate educational background and job experience as determined by the SEC and verified by FINRA. These categories are in line with the recommendations of the Investor Advi-sory Committee and effective proxies for sophistication, access to informa-tion, and ability to withstand losses. There is an inherent tension between democratizing markets and protecting investors on the basis of their ability to bear financial losses. This bill includes Ranking Member W
ATERS ’ bipartisan amendment to re-quire the SEC to adjust net worth and income thresholds for inflation every 5 years. This will establish the economic value of the thresholds in current law, as the dollar amounts are increased, with growth in the overall economy and changes in the value of the dollar. Doing so will preserve access to pri-vate markets for those currently in-vesting in them. Private offerings can offer some of the best returns in the market, but they obviously carry dif-ferent risks, like illiquidity, than secu-rities in the public markets. While there can be investment oppor-tunities that significantly increase a person’s net worth, they cannot be im-mediately sold if an investor’s finan-cial circumstances change. So this bill strikes a good com-promise between giving access to in-vestments without exposing the retire-ment accounts of working families to excessive risks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.012 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8322 November 1, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I urge broad support for the bill today, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. S
CHWEIKERT ), the sponsor of this legislation. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman H
UIZENGA for yielding me time. A little bit of history: this piece of legislation, the underlying idea, actu-ally was fostered a few years ago. One of my closest friends in Arizona, Lakshmi, is freaky smart, electrical engineer, off the charts IQ. He and I were having a conversation about a company that he was really interested in that had been started by a handful of his old friends. Well, it turns out his old friends had gone through all this process, and he had just sort of been watching what they were doing. Now, Lakshmi is an absolute expert on the technology that these gentle-men are putting together, but because of a series of timing and other things, he was walled off from investing in a company that was using a technology he was an absolute expert in, because he didn’t meet the accredited investor standards. He didn’t have the million dollars in the bank. His argument to me was, should his knowledge on a company and its prod-uct, their risk profile, its opportunity to succeed and its potential failure in the marketplace be based on his bank account, or should it be based on his knowledge? Now, the legislation has gone through a couple generations of com-promise. I personally preferred the original bill, a bit more expansive, but this is a good thing, because for our brothers and sisters on both sides of the aisle here, I think we are embrac-ing this concept that we all care about the curve where we are seeing the wealthy getting wealthier in the United States and much of our hard-working middle holding sort of flat. This is one of the reasons: we have created these definitions where accred-ited investors, I think only, like, 600- some-thousand people, have gone through the process to hold that des-ignation in our society, meaning it is a tiny sliver of our society that is al-lowed to invest in these types of busi-nesses. We have a bureaucracy that for how many years now the regulator has said: Your ability to invest in these types of organizations is based on your bank ac-count. Today, we take the sort of first step on a bipartisan basis to say: Yes, bank account is one, but how about your risk tolerance, your knowledge, your expertise, and your understanding that many of these fail, and many of these businesses become amazing successes, but are you able to process both the technology, the risk, and the informa-tion? For many of us, we are hoping that the opportunity to be part of the inves-tor class starts to become much more egalitarian across our society instead of just being the hallmark of the ultrawealthy in our country. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. HUIZENGA  for giving me a moment and for moving this bill forward. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I just wanted to say that I appreciate my col-league’s heartfelt concern for the dif-ficulty of the wealth piling up in the top of our country. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. R
OYCE ), a member of the Fi-nancial Services Committee and chair-man of the Foreign Affairs Committee. b1430 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, today I rise in support of the Fair Investment Opportunities for Profes-sional Experts Act. This is a bipartisan bill. It expands economic opportunities for many, many Americans because, to date, only an individual’s wealth has been taken into consideration when de-fining whether he meets the qualifica-tions or she meets the qualifications of an accredited investor under our secu-rities laws. The simple fix proposed by this bill will empower those with finan-cial expertise and those with experi-ence to join the ranks of those who can invest in private, high-growth compa-nies. It was explained very eloquently here by the bill’s author, and I think that this commonplace change is going to broaden the pool of startup capital. That is going to help companies look-ing to grow, companies looking to add jobs. At the same time, it provides an in-vestment opportunity, one with great-er upside and more risk, to those pre-viously locked out of the private place-ment market. This includes many edu-cated young Americans who have not yet had time to grow their pocket-books but do have the expertise in these areas. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I have seen firsthand that the entrepreneurial spir-it is certainly alive and well in Cali-fornia and all across this country, and this bill before us today ensures that more Americans can participate in both the risk and reward of the startup economy. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to support passage of H.R. 1585. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ), a member of the Fi-nancial Services Committee. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1585 does one of the things that most of us came to Congress to do: solve prob-lems and change laws. The current law excludes most of America from participating in one of the most dynamic parts of our econ-omy, which is private placement in-vestment into small startup companies or, sometimes, very big companies but they are not yet publicly traded. There are opportunities all over to do this, but there are only a small number of Americans who can make the invest-ment. For many smaller companies, they are faced with a dilemma. One option is no option. They may not have the net-work of prospective high net worth, ac-credited investors who can take a look at the kind of capital that would help that company become a thriving larger company, that would help grow the companies that drive the growth in our economy. As investors, there are people who work in the investment industry who are doing the underwriting—charter fi-nancial analysts, for example. Whether they are working for a private equity group, they are doing the work but don’t yet have the high net worth. They have true domain expertise. Imagine the skilled labor who is ac-tually doing the technology implemen-tation, who knows exactly everything that it would take in a program to make a program be the winner in the marketplace but is also well informed on the rest of the risks, has been well educated on the market, and he is pre-vented from participating. This act is a step in the right direc-tion. I hope we can accomplish more together. I am confident we will see great success if we can pass this and build on it by taking a bigger bite at the apple soon. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-leagues Mr. SCHWEIKERT for offering the bill, Mr. H
ILL for getting it through, Mr. H
ENSARLING , and Mr. H
UIZENGA , but I also want to thank my colleagues because it is really nice to see something go through unanimously in our committee. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, very quickly, just to recap, 60 percent of all job growth over the past two decades has come from small and emerging companies. This bill today recognizes that and encourages more of that to happen. It allows knowledgeable but maybe not wealthy folks to invest in areas of their expertise. In an era of crowdfunding and fund-me pages and those types of capital raises and invest-ing, this bill makes sense. As the gen-tleman from Ohio, my friend Mr. D
A-
VIDSON , pointed out, it came through the committee unanimously. Mr. Speaker, I think we all like to point out that Congress can work to-gether across party lines and have some common goals that can be achieved and recognized, and this is one of those bills. I am very pleased to have such broad support. Mr. Speaker, I encourage continued support for this bill, H.R. 1585, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1585, as amended. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.049 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8323 November 1, 2017 
The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HELIUM EXTRACTION ACT OF 2017 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3279) to amend the Mineral Leas-ing Act to provide that extraction of helium from gas produced under a Fed-eral mineral lease shall maintain the lease as if the helium were oil and gas. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3279 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Helium Ex-traction Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. MAINTENANCE OF FEDERAL MINERAL LEASES BASED ON EXTRACTION OF HELIUM. 
The first section of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181) is amended in the fifth paragraph by inserting after ‘‘purchaser thereof’’ the following: ‘‘, and that extrac-tion of helium from gas produced from such lands shall maintain the lease as if the ex-tracted helium were oil and gas’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OOK) and the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3279, the Helium Ex-traction Act of 2017. This straight-forward piece of legislation will incentivize helium production on Fed-eral lands, help ensure the future of America’s helium supply, and provide a fair return to the taxpayer. Under existing law, the Mineral Leas-ing Act only permits helium extraction as a by-product of an existing oil or natural gas lease. As a result, if oil and gas production on a Federal site is not economically viable, the lease will ex-pire, regardless of the revenue brought in by helium sales. The Helium Extrac-tion Act of 2017 would correct this error and authorize helium production activities where economically viable. Helium is used for much more than balloons. It is a rare and unique ele-ment which has become an indispen-sable part of our medical, space, and defense industries, such as its use in MRI machines, semiconductors, and air-to-air missile guidance systems. Unfortunately, the future of our do-mestic helium supply is uncertain. The Helium Stewardship Act of 2013, which details a commonsense privatization process of the Federal helium reserve, also specifies that all helium in the Federal reserve must be auctioned off by September 30, 2021, and the facility closed. This crucial source of helium has been relied upon for almost half a cen-tury, but in a few short years, it will no longer be available. Our country needs another way to access this crit-ical natural resource; otherwise, we will be relying on hostile interests such as Qatar, Algeria, and Russia. Each of these countries presents security and geopolitical challenges made even more apparent by recent unrest among Qatar and its regional neighbors. Unless something changes, foreign fa-cilities are predicted to become our chief source of helium by the end of the decade. This is why H.R. 3279 is such a necessary piece of legislation. By authorizing the Bureau of Land Management to lease land for this val-uable nonrenewable resource, this leg-islation will raise $9 million for the American taxpayer and help secure our supply of helium for years to come. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 3279 would correct a problem in our Federal oil and gas leasing laws that makes it more difficult for compa-nies to commercially produce helium from Federal lands. Helium is a critical element for high-tech research and modern medicine, and because of its unique properties, there are simply no substitutes. On the Natural Resources Com-mittee, we have spent many years overseeing the Federal Helium Pro-gram, culminating in the bipartisan Helium Stewardship Act signed into law 4 years ago. While the Helium Stewardship Act improved the management and sale of Federal helium, it didn’t do much to promote the development of new sources of helium, which are in high demand. By allowing companies to hold onto Federal oil and gas leases if they are producing commercial quantities of helium and only helium, then the prob-lem that kept potentially valuable he-lium resources under lock and key is resolved. This is only one small step, but it is a very useful one. Mr. Speaker, I thank the sponsor of this legislation for introducing it. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3279, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OOK) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3279. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
b1445 REPEALING THE ACT TO CONFER JURISDICTION ON THE STATE OF IOWA OVER OFFENSES COM-MITTED BY OR AGAINST INDI-ANS ON THE SAC AND FOX IN-DIAN RESERVATION Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1074) to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Indian Reservation’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1074 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Act of June 30, 1948, entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox In-dian Reservation’’ (62 Stat. 1161, chapter 759) is repealed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OOK) and the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1074. This bill would rescind criminal jurisdiction from the State of Iowa over crimes committed by or against members of the Sac and Fox Tribe on their lands. In doing so, the Tribe or the Federal Government would exer-cise exclusive jurisdiction under the Major Crimes Act. This is the most common legal situation for most tribes in America today. In 1948, Congress granted jurisdiction over all crimes committed by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Reservation to the State of Iowa. In 1949, there was no mechanism in the Federal Government concerning crimi-nal jurisdiction on the Tribe’s land, and up until that point, the Tribe had largely policed themselves. Today, the Federal Government has criminal statutory authority on Indian lands, the Tribe is again ready to po-lice itself, and the State of Iowa has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:49 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.051 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8324 November 1, 2017 
agreed that its Federal grant of crimi-nal jurisdiction can be repealed. Accordingly, under H.R. 1074, the Federal Government will have criminal jurisdiction over crimes, especially major crimes, by or against Indians on the Tribe’s lands. The Tribe would have jurisdiction over Indian offenders for crimes over which it exercises jurisdic-tion, and the State of Iowa would re-tain exclusive jurisdiction over crimes where both offender and victim are non-Indians. I thank the sponsor of H.R. 1074, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM), for his work on this bill, and I urge adop-tion of the measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. There are laws on the books that stand in the way of true tribal self-de-termination and self-governance. One of those laws is Public Law 80–846, known commonly as the 1948 Act. The 1948 Act targeted only one tribe, the Sac and Fox Tribe of the Mississippi in Iowa, also known as the Meskwaki Na-tion, and gave the State of Iowa crimi-nal jurisdiction over their tribal lands. In 1948, the Nation did not have a for-mal mechanism for law enforcement and was not in a financial position to create one. This was used as the ration-ale for the stripping of these jurisdic-tional rights. But this has not been the case for many years. The Tribe has a full-time police department as well as a fully functioning court system. The continued existence of the 1948 Act has resulted in an unfair system of crimes committed on Meskwaki land, whereby a Native-American defendant must face the possibility of two pros-ecutions, State and Tribal, but a non- Native defendant faces only State pros-ecution. That is why I join my colleagues in supporting H.R. 1074. By passing this bill and repealing the 1948 Act, we will remove the inequity it has created, and bring the Meskwaki Nation in line with how criminal jurisdiction issues are ad-dressed on other Native lands. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the adoption of H.R. 1074, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. B
LUM). Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for yielding and for his time managing today’s floor debate. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 1074, a bill I first introduced in the 114th Congress, which would repeal a 1948 law that granted the State of Iowa criminal jurisdiction over of-fenses committed by or against mem-bers of the Sac and Fox Tribe of the Mississippi in Iowa. Prior to this 1948 law, the Tribe had largely policed itself, and there was lit-tle, if any, Federal law enforcement on the Tribe’s land. Historically, determining who may exercise jurisdiction over crime in trib-al communities is complex. Generally, crimes committed by or against Indi-ans in Indian Country are under the ju-risdiction of the United States, pursu-ant to various Federal statutes. The 1948 Act was passed at a time when the Federal Government was attempting to shift its responsibility and obligations from tribes to the respective States. In 1953, Congress passed a law, com-monly called Public Law 280, transfer-ring criminal jurisdiction over all crimes, regardless of the Indian status of the offender or victim, in Indian Country of six States from the Federal Government to those States. Even though Iowa was not one of those States, for years it has been treated as if it were a Public Law 280 State. With respect to the law enforcement on the settlement today, a lot has changed since 1948. Today, the Tribe has a fully-functional criminal justice system, which includes a full-time po-lice department whose officers are cer-tified by the State of Iowa. The Tribe maintains and employs law-trained judges and a prosecutor who, together with a probation department, handle all criminal cases which arise on tribal lands. H.R. 1074, and its Senate companion bill, have bipartisan support from the entire Iowa delegation, as well as the support of the Iowa State Legislature, which passed legislation signed by then-Governor Terry Branstad in April 2016, that began this process of confer-ring jurisdiction to the Tribe and the Department of Justice. As my friend from California pre-viously mentioned, the entirety of the Meskwaki Settlement is located in Tama County, Iowa, in my district. Since I have come to Washington, I have gotten to know the Sac and Fox Tribal Council and their representa-tives, and I was happy to first intro-duce this bill in 2016 after its approval by then-Governor Branstad. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this bill, and I hope it continues to move through the legislative process so that the Tribe may once again have ju-risdiction over many of the crimes committed against their members on their land, and restore another portion of the Tribe’s sovereignty, which has been removed since 1948. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OOK) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1074. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. PROVIDING FOR CONVEYANCE TO IOWA OF REVERSIONARY INTER-EST HELD BY UNITED STATES IN CERTAIN LAND IN POTTAWATTAMIE COUNTY, IOWA Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2600) to provide for the convey-ance to the State of Iowa of the rever-sionary interest held by the United States in certain land in Pottawattamie County, Iowa, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 2600 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. CONVEYANCE OF REVERSIONARY IN-TEREST REQUIRED. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Interior shall convey, without consideration, to the State of Iowa the reversionary interest held by the United States and described in the quit claim deed dated April 13, 1998, instrument number 19170, as recorded in book 98, page 55015, in Pottawattamie County, Iowa. (b) C
OSTS.—As a condition of the convey-ance under subsection (a), all costs associ-ated with such conveyance shall be paid by the State of Iowa. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the State of Iowa should con-tinue to provide information regarding the Lewis and Clark National Historic Trail, the California National Historic Trail, and the Mormon Pioneer National Historic Trail. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OOK) and the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the bill under con-sideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 2600, sponsored by my colleague, Represent-ative D
AVID YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 2600 directs the Department of the Interior to convey to the State of Iowa the reversionary interest held by the United States in certain land in Pottawattamie County. By the way, there is going to be a test afterwards on this pronunciation. In 1989, Congress authorized the Sec-retary of the Interior to provide for the development of a trails interpretive center in Council Bluffs, Iowa. Six years later, in 1995, the National West-ern Trails Center donated property to the Federal Government, and the Na-tional Park Service later constructed a trails center on the property to inter-pret the history of the Lewis and Clark 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.055 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8325 November 1, 2017 
National Historic Trail, the Mormon Pioneer National Historic Trail, and the Oregon National Historic Trail. In 1998, the Federal Government do-nated the trails center and surrounding property to the State Historical Soci-ety of Iowa. Federal ownership was transferred to the State subject to a condition that if the trails center is not being used for the purposes speci-fied in the 1989 Act, the land and the center would revert to the United States. Since 1998, the State has owned and operated the trails center. Presently, visitation at the center is very low, the hours of operation are limited, and maintenance is falling behind. The State of Iowa would like to remove the trails center from its responsibility and possibly transfer the property to the city of Council Bluffs. The National Park Service currently does not own or directly manage any of the land associated with the 1989 Act. Moreover, it is the Committee’s under-standing that the National Park Serv-ice does not have any interest in tak-ing over operation of the trails center or ownership of the property. I commend Representative Y
OUNG for his outstanding work on behalf of his constituents. I would also like to thank the minority for their help and cooperation moving this legislation forward. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 2600 authorizes the conveyance to the State of Iowa the reversionary interest on the Western Historic Trails Center in Council Bluffs, Iowa. In 1989, Congress authorized the De-partment of the Interior to partner with the State of Iowa to create a trails interpretative center to support three National Historic Trails that cross through the region. In 1988, the Secretary of the Interior transferred approximately 400 acres to the State of Iowa for use as a visitor center. Ownership was then transferred to the State with a reversionary clause that limits the use of the property to a visitor center. The National Park Service does not operate or maintain the current visitor center. However, under current law, if the State stops using the site for its in-tended purpose, ownership will revert back to the Federal Government. Since its establishment, the trails in-terpretative center has not lived up to its expectations. Visitation is low and the facility is in need of significant maintenance. The National Park Service and the State of Iowa have determined that termination of the reversionary inter-est makes both fiscal and operational sense. This will allow the State to sell the property to the city of Council Bluffs, allowing the city to maintain the facility. As long as the State continues to provide National Historic Trail inter-pretive services following the terms of the original agreement, Congress should be allowed to release the rever-sionary interest to this particular property. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1500 Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ). Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank both of my colleagues from California. I want to thank the chairman and ranking member of the committee for their leadership and working together with me, the Na-tional Park Service, the State of Iowa, Pottawattamie County, and the city of Council Bluffs on this bill. The National Park Service holds re-versionary rights to a small parcel of land in Council Bluffs in Pottawattamie County which high-lights Lewis and Clark’s travels with an interpretation center, as well as highlighting the California National Historic Trail and the Mormon Pioneer National Historic Trail. However, the National Park Service has limited re-sources and a limited desire to effec-tively operate this property with the hundreds of properties it already main-tains across the country. So by listening to the Park Service, the State of Iowa, Pottawattamie County, the city of Council Bluffs, and local leaders and residents, a consensus and commonsense solution evolved to allow the city of Council Bluffs to ac-cept responsibility for the property in determining its best use while still rec-ognizing and highlighting the spirit and history of these historic trails. I thank my colleagues from Cali-fornia, the ranking member, and the chairman of the committee. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OOK) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2600, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
INDIANA DUNES NATIONAL PARK ACT Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1488) to retitle Indiana Dunes Na-tional Lakeshore as Indiana Dunes Na-tional Park, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1488 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Indiana Dunes National Park Act’’. 
SEC. 2. INDIANA DUNES NATIONAL LAKESHORE RETITLED AS INDIANA DUNES NA-TIONAL PARK. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Public Law 89–761 (16 U.S.C. 460u et seq.) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘National Lakeshore’’ and ‘‘national lakeshore’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘National Park’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘lakeshore’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Park’’. (b) N
ONAPPLICATION .—The amendment made by subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to the title of the map referred to in the first section of Public Law 89–761 (16 U.S.C. 460u), or to the title of the maps referred to in sec-tion 4 of Public Law 89–761 (16 U.S.C. 460u–3). 
SEC. 3. PAUL H. DOUGLAS TRAIL. 
The 1.6 mile trail within the Indiana Dunes National Park designated the ‘‘Miller-Woods Trail’’ is hereby redesignated as the ‘‘Paul H. Douglas Trail’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OOK) and the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. T
ORRES ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 1488 would redesig-nate Indiana Dunes National Lake-shore as Indiana Dunes National Park. Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore was established by Congress in 1966. The designation of the national lake-shore as a unit of the National Park Service was the culmination of decades of work by conservationists, area resi-dents, and elected officials. The original law included 8,330 acres of land and water. The National Park Service conservation advocates contin-ued to seek expansion of the bound-aries, and five subsequent laws in-creased the size of the national lake-shore to more than 15,000 acres. In October 1916, shortly after the Na-tional Park Service was established, NPS Director Stephen Mather held hearings in Chicago to gauge public sentiment on a Sand Dunes National Park. In a Department of the Interior report published after the hearings, Di-rector Mather stated: ‘‘No national park or other Federal reservation of-fers this phenomenon for the pleasure and edification of the people, and no national park is as accessible. Further-more, the dunes offer to the visitor ex-traordinary scenery, a large variety of plant life, magnificent bathing beach-es, and splendid opportunities to camp and live in the wild close to nature.’’ Despite Director Mather’s support, the national park proposal was aban-doned at the onset of World War I, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.058 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8326 November 1, 2017 
several years later, in 1925, Indiana Dunes State Park was established. Re-designation of the national lakeside as a national park would make Indiana Dunes the 60th national park in the United States. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak on H.R. 1488, the Indiana Dunes National Park Act. This act seeks to rename the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore to the Indiana Dunes National Park, one of the over 400 units of the National Park System. Upon successful redesignation, the Indiana Dunes National Park would be-come the 60th national park, areas which are known for their variety of resources, for encompassing large land and water areas, and for providing pro-tection of resources within their boundaries. Designated in 1966, Indiana Dunes protects over 15,000 acres, 50 miles of trails, and provides both summer and winter recreational activities for over 2 million visitors who trek to the lake-shore each year. When the lakeshore was admitted into the National Park System in 1966, it was through the hard work of Presi-dent Kennedy in 1963–64 to create a compromise for the national lakeshore and a port to promote the industrial needs of the area. Sponsors of this bill, including our esteemed colleague Representative V
ISCLOSKY , believe that renaming the lakeshore as the Indiana Dunes Na-tional Park will capture the spirit and intent of the first National Park Serv-ice Director Stephen Mather. Director Mather visited the area in 1916 and recommended the area be in-cluded as a national park within the newly designated National Park Sys-tem. Sadly, the United States’ entry into World War I precluded that addi-tion. Now, 101 years later, this bill seeks to redesignate 15,000 acres of the Indiana Dunes National Park. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I have no ad-ditional speakers, and I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. V
IS-
CLOSKY ), the sponsor of this legislation. Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate the gentlewoman for yielding. I want to begin by thanking Chair-man B
ISHOP and Ranking Member G RI-
JALVA for all of their work on this leg-islation, as well as Chairman M
CCLIN-
TOCK and Ranking Member H ANABUSA  and Mrs. T
ORRES for their diligence. Mr. Speaker, the legislation we are considering today represents a very small change—one word—but it would have an enormous benefit of rightly placing the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore where it belongs as the Na-tion’s 60th national park and the first national park in the State of Indiana. As mentioned, located along the southern shore of Lake Michigan, the Indiana Dunes are a natural wonder and home of a vast array of rare plants. According to the National Park Serv-ice, Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore is the seventh most biologically di-verse National Park Service unit. I believe the chairman and Mrs. TORRES ably described the history of the dunes and its evolution. I thank them for that, and I would thank all of the citizens over that half century and more that petitioned for the creation of this great park. The lakeshore currently does encom-pass about 15,000 acres of wetlands and marshes, beaches, oak savannahs, and sand dunes. It is clear that the title of the Indiana Dunes National Park is fit-ting for such a unique natural re-source. The American taxpayers, over a num-ber of generations, have invested in the preservation of the park. It is incum-bent that we do everything possible to encourage citizens and travelers from around the world to visit it, to learn about it, to recreate, and to simply enjoy the environment of northwest In-diana’s lakeshore. H.R. 1488 helps to achieve this goal. Mr. Speaker, I am proud that the act is supported in a bipartisan fashion by the entire Indiana delegation. I would also like to thank Senators D
ONNELLY  and Y
OUNG , who have introduced a companion measure in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support passage. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. C
OOK) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1488, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS ACT OF 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 2936. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ERGMAN ). Is there objection to the re-quest of the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 595 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 2936. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1513 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2936) to expedite under the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 and improve forest management activities on Na-tional Forest System lands, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bu-reau of Land Management, and on Tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fire-prone forested lands, and for other purposes, with Mr. Y
OUNG  of Iowa in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall not exceed 1 hour equally divided among and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minor-ity member of the Committee on Agri-culture and the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Natural Resources. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ), the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. P
ETERSON ), the gen-tleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ), and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RI-
JALVA ) will each control 15 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. b1515 Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal For-ests Act of 2017. As I stated last Congress, our na-tional forests are facing an epidemic of declining health, which is a direct re-sult of policies which have led to a dra-matic decrease in managed acres cre-ating catastrophic wildfires that have increased in size and frequency. The past two fire seasons have been some of the most expensive on record, and this year appears to be no excep-tion. Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue recently announced that wildland fire suppression costs for this fiscal year have exceeded $2 billion, making 2017 the most expensive year on record. While the suppression costs are stag-gering, these fires come at a greater cost to local communities, private property, and pristine landscapes. Most importantly, they also result in the loss of life. For too long, our good folks at the Forest Service have been unable to do the work needed to manage our forest fuel loads. Over the years, the problem has compounded with more severe fires. Furthermore, these fires have consumed more and more of the Forest Service budget that was intended for management. This cycle has gone on for far too long. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.061 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8327 November 1, 2017 
In the 2014 farm bill, we took mean-ingful steps to empower the Forest Service to carry out its mission. With passage of this bill, we will provide the Forest Service another tool to carry out their duties. This bill builds on the success of the farm bill to allow the Forest Service and their partners to manage our for-ests using sound science and environ-mental protections without fear of friv-olous litigation. Further, it promotes good stewardship through restoration projects that protect our watersheds after catastrophic fire. As fuel loads increase in our national forests, the cost of inaction increases every day. This legislation allows the Forest Service to account for the envi-ronmental consequences of inaction, hopefully expediting treatments where needed. Finally, this issue extends beyond just fire. While they have not yet gone up in smoke, some of our national for-ests continue to deteriorate as a result of insect and disease infestations, leav-ing what was pristine and productive habitat so many in this Congress seek to protect. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
COMMITTEE ON EDUCATION AND THE  W
ORKFORCE , H OUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, October 25, 2017. Hon. K. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. CHAIRMAN : I write to confirm our mutual understanding with respect to H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017. Thank you for consulting with the Committee on Education and the Workforce with regard to H.R. 2936 on those matters within my committee’s jurisdiction. The Committee on Education and the Workforce will not delay further consider-ation of this bill. However, I do so only with the understanding this procedural route will not be construed to prejudice my commit-tee’s jurisdictional interest and prerogatives on this bill or any other similar legislation and will not be considered as precedent for consideration of matters of jurisdictional in-terest to my committee in the future. I respectfully request your support for the appointment of outside conferees from the Committee on Education and the Workforce should this bill or a similar bill be consid-ered in a conference with the Senate. I also request you include our exchange of letters on this matter in the Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House Floor. Thank you for your attention to these matters. Sincerely, V
IRGINIA FOXX, Chairwoman. 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, October 25, 2017. Hon. V
IRGINIA FOXX, Chairman, Committee on Education and the Workforce, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRWOMAN FOXX: Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2936, Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017. I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accord-ingly, understand that the Committee on Education and the Workforce will forego ac-tion on the bill. The Committee on Agriculture concurs in the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of the bill at this time, the Committee on Education and the Workforce does not waive any jurisdiction over the sub-ject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce rep-resented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during Floor consider-ation. I appreciate your cooperation regard-ing this legislation and look forward to con-tinuing to work the Committee on Education and the Workforce as this bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  I
NFRASTRUCTURE , HOUSE OF REP-
RESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, October 25, 2017. Hon. M
ICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN CONAWAY : I write con-cerning H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal For-ests Act of 2017. This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdic-tion of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. In order to expedite floor consideration of H.R. 2936, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forgo action on this bill. However, this is conditional on our mu-tual understanding that forgoing consider-ation of the bill does not prejudice the Com-mittee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. Fi-nally, should a conference on the bill be nec-essary, I ask that you support my request to have the Committee represented on the con-ference committee. Please place a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest in the Congressional Record during House Floor consideration of the bill. I look forward to working with the Committee on Agriculture as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, October 25, 2017. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN SHUSTER : Thank you for your letter regarding H.R. 2936, Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017. I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accord-ingly, understand that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will fore-go action on the bill. The Committee on Agriculture concurs in the mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of the bill at this time, the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addi-tion, should a conference on this bill be nec-essary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure represented on the conference committee. I will insert copies of this exchange in the Congressional Record during Floor consider-ation. I appreciate your cooperation regard-ing this legislation and look forward to con-tinuing to work the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure as this bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , Chairman. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, H.R. 2936 addresses some valid concerns regarding forest management. The bill would simplify forest management activities while also tamping down on overzealous reg-ulations and policy decisions made by activists and bureaucrats who have adopted a sue and settle strategy to pursue their agenda. This is one of the main reasons why I am a cosponsor of H.R. 2936. While this bill isn’t exactly what I would do if I was in charge of putting the bill together, we need to do some-thing to address forest management concerns, and I believe that this bill seeks to do that and moves us in the right direction. So I am supportive of moving the process along so that we can negotiate with our Senate col-leagues and find a workable solution to address these issues. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ). Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 2936, the Resil-ient Federal Forests Act. When we fail to actively manage our forests and Federal lands, we put ourselves and our neighbors at risk. It is time to better manage our fire-prone forests and fix how we pay for wildfire suppression. California just experienced the dead-liest wildfire in our history, and 2017 is on track to be the worst fire season on record. We can’t wait until next sea-son. We have got to put the right poli-cies in place now. The Resilient Federal Forests Act gives us the tools to immediately re-duce the threat of catastrophic wildfires. It allows us to expedite the removal of dead trees and rapidly miti-gate disease-infested areas. It enables us to responsibly manage our forests and improve ecosystems, and it perma-nently solves the fire borrowing prob-lem. No longer will we deplete forest restoration and management accounts to pay for wildfire suppression. This will give our firefighters the resources they need without hindering preven-tion efforts. As California recovers from this year’s fires, this bill will help us miti-gate future wildfires. I urge my col-leagues to pass this bill and help im-prove the health and resiliency of our Federal forests. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.063 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8328 November 1, 2017 
Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD a letter from the Association of California Water Agencies in support of H.R. 2936. 
ASSOCIATION OF  C
ALIFORNIA WATER AGENCIES , October 31, 2017. ACWA S
UPPORT FOR H.R. 2936—R ESILIENT  F
EDERAL FORESTS ACT OF 2017 The Association of California Water Agen-cies (ACWA) respectfully requests your sup-port for H.R. 2936, The Resilient Federal For-ests Act of 2017. ACWA’s 430 public water agency members supply over 90 percent of the water delivered in California for residen-tial, agricultural, and industrial uses. Recent severe drought and one of the most destructive wildfire seasons on record have focused renewed attention on the health of California’s headwaters. That attention is well placed because the forests, meadows and source waters that play a critical role in our water supply and water management system are threatened by factors ranging from cli-mate change to incomplete management to a lack of planning and coordination. H.R. 2936 addresses many of these factors. It incentivizes and rewards collaboration with local governments and stakeholders by expediting environmental review for collabo-rative projects up to 30,000 acres in size. It also includes important provisions that will increase the yield and protect the quality of our headwaters. Additionally, H.R. 2936 solves the perennial ‘‘fire borrowing’’ problem, in which federal land management agencies must raid non- fire suppression accounts in order to pay for suppression activities. H.R. 2936 ends this practice by allowing FEMA to transfer funds to the Forest Service/BLM when all fire sup-pression accounts have been exhausted. As stated in ACWA’s headwaters frame-work, ACWA believes with more effective management ‘‘healthy headwaters’’ could provide multiple benefits to California’s water management system and the environ-ment. These benefits include: Increased Water Supply Reliability; Improved Water Quality; Reduced Impacts from Catastrophic Wildfires; Increased Renewable Energy Sup-plies; Improved Response to Climate Change; and Enhanced Habitat. ACWA encourages you to vote for H.R. 2936. If you have any questions please contact David Reynold. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. C
OSTA ). Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend and colleague from Min-nesota, Congressman P
ETERSON , for yielding this time. It is clear, I think, for everybody in this Chamber to know how devastating the fires have been, not only in Cali-fornia over the last recent weeks but throughout the West, and it has been this way for several years. It is long overdue for Congress to ad-dress the many issues facing our for-ests under Federal management, and that is what this legislation attempts to do. Years of mismanagement have con-tributed to the rise of catastrophic wildfires, not only in my home State of California but throughout the West. The heart of the problem is simple: money that Congress has allocated to prevent wildfires has been used instead to put them out. Now, there are other factors involved as well to be sure, but for years what we have done with densely overgrown forests that need managing is we have set ourselves up to allow these densely overgrown forests to be the subject of very destructive fires if something should go wrong; and, of course, we have lightning strikes and we have other natural conditions that cause these fires. This year alone, the United States Forest Service has spent about $2.4 bil-lion on putting out fires and has trans-ferred nearly $576 million from man-agement activities. These management activities would go to thinning the for-ests and to allow for better overall growth. This would be a preventive means to decrease the ability of these fires to grow. I have concerns with some of the pro-visions in this legislation and believe it can be improved with some modifica-tions, specifically to the way fire bor-rowing is addressed and the size of cat-egorical exemptions under public dis-closure laws, but this is a work in progress, and we can deal with that. Let me be clear. We must reform the way our Federal forests are managed, particularly the impacts as a result of the changing climate that we have and as it becomes more pronounced, such as drought conditions. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman from California an additional 30 seconds. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Chairman, the bene-fits of improved management will not only help with wildfire suppression, putting out these fires, but it will ben-efit the environment. With more effec-tive management, healthier head-waters will provide for an estimated in-creased water supply of 300,000 acre- feet of additional water—that is sig-nificant, certainly in a State like Cali-fornia—and improved water quality downstream. In closing, I urge my colleagues to work together to improve this legisla-tion before it is sent to the Senate for consideration, because it is very clear in recent weeks, in recent months, and over the last 2 years that the status quo is unsustainable. We must do a bet-ter job in managing our forests. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
UNN). Mr. DUNN. Mr. Chairman, I thank my friend from Pennsylvania for yield-ing me time. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017. The National Forest System is gov-erned by the principle of multiple use— conferring maximum sustainable bene-fits in the form of wildlife habitat, recreation, clean air and water, and timber harvests. Sadly, government red tape and the constant threat of litigation has caused paralysis by analysis at the Forest Service leading to a decrease of public recreation activities and a re-duction of timber output. In the counties surrounding the Apa-lachicola National Forest in Florida’s Second District—Franklin, Leon, Lib-erty, and Wakulla—the lack of timber management not only means fewer jobs, but it also creates a smaller tax base which means fewer resources to provide basic services like law enforce-ment and good schools. Under the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017, forest management will be driven by forest health and not by fear of litigation. This improves steward-ship and strengthens communities. I encourage all of my colleagues to sup-port this important legislation. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I don’t have any strong objections to the parts of this bill that deal with forest resil-ience, and I yield to people who know a lot more about forests than I do. But I am concerned that H.R. 2936 is harmful for all of the species that rely on forests for habitat and that the bill specifically includes provisions that specifically attack and undermine the Endangered Species Act. The bill allows the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management to unilaterally determine if authorized logging and forestry management ac-tions would adversely affect listed spe-cies or critical habitat without ever consulting experts at the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service as is required by the Endangered Species Act. Furthermore, the bill declares that, for purposes of the ESA, all logging and other forestry activities carried out pursuant to the bill are ‘‘nondis-cretionary’’ actions. Deeming these ac-tions to be nondiscretionary serves as a direct waiver of the Endangered Spe-cies Act regulations and protections and allows forest activities to violate the ESA and jeopardize species. Another provision exempts the For-est Service and BLM from imple-menting regulations that require con-sultation on management plans when a new species is listed as threatened or endangered or there is a new critical habitat designation. This, in particular, will have pro-found implications for species that have been proposed or are candidates for listing under the ESA that rely on these lands for habitat, such as the North American wolverine. In short, this bill dismantles inter-agency consultation that is integral to wildlife protection under the Endan-gered Species Act. America’s forests are home to over 400 threatened or endangered species, including the Florida panther, native wild trout, and the black-footed ferret. We cannot allow this bill to strip pro-tections for these iconic species and eliminate environmental review proc-esses for our Nation’s forests. So on this basis—the threat to the Endan-gered Species Act—I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.064 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8329 November 1, 2017 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to my colleague from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Chairman, it is great to be able to speak on this. I am grateful to Mr. W
ESTERMAN . We share a great deal of interests, and Mr. T
HOMP -
SON. As far as the endangered species, I re-member hearing about how this little spotted owl only could mate in virgin forests, and then it turns out some pair were reported to have mated in a Kmart sign. But endangered species will do best in managed forests where we clear underbrush and where we make fire lanes—where we manage the forests. The forests do better, and you stop the wildfires. If you want to just leave it to nature, nature will destroy massive numbers of acres of land. So we have a responsi-bility. Even in the Garden of Eden when things were perfect, God said to tend the garden. So I appreciate the time, and I also appreciate the chairman’s willingness to address the issue of the stewardship program so counties don’t get messed over. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. B
ERGMAN ). Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 2936, the Resil-ient Federal Forests Act. My district is home to three national forests, Ottawa, Hiawatha, and Huron-Manistee. So when we use the term ‘‘in our neck of the woods,’’ we mean it. We understand how vitally important proper management of forests is for our environment, our economy, and our special way of life in northern Michi-gan and the Upper Peninsula. I live right in the middle of the Ottawa Na-tional Forest, so this issue really does hit close to home for me. Now as we have seen the devastation from forest fires in the West, it is more important than ever to have this de-bate. But it is impossible to talk about the need for wildfire suppression with-out talking about proper forest man-agement. These two go hand in hand— or at least they should go hand in hand. b1530 All too often, we hear rhetoric that managing our forests and removing dead or dying trees is a bad thing. This can’t be further from the truth. When we leave these dried, rotting trees laying on the forest floor, they become an incendiary breeding ground for fires. Those fires cost the Forest Service billions of dollars and count-less hours of manpower to extinguish. Last year alone, we spent $2.9 billion on suppression efforts. This leaves barely any financial resources to allo-cate towards actually managing our forests. H.R. 2936 seeks to end this cycle. Let’s get at the problem now so it doesn’t become a disaster later. This is not a partisan issue. This is a common-sense solution for our federally owned forest land. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD a letter from the Forest Prod-ucts Industry National Labor Manage-ment Committee and a letter from the Intertribal Timber Council. 
OCTOBER 31, 2017. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Subject: Support for HR 2936, The Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017. D
EARCONGRESSMAN BISHOP : As chair of the Forest Products Industry National Labor Management Committee, I am writing in strong support of HR 2936, The Resilient Fed-eral Forests Act of 2017. I urge you to vote in support of HR 2936 when it comes to the floor of the House of Representatives for a vote on Wednesday, November 1. The Forest Products Industry National Labor Management Committee is a non-prof-it trust formed to pursue the common public policy interests of the working men and women in the forest products industry. Col-lectively, the Committee represents more than two million workers across the nation, including lumber and sawmill workers, woodworkers, machinists, carpenters, and pulp and paper workers. The balanced and sustainable management of our federally-owned forests has been of significant interest to the Committee since it was founded in 1990. Since that time, the Committee has engaged on numerous pieces of federal forest and related legislation. HR 2936 is a bipartisan measure that will address the growing economic and environ-mental threats posed by catastrophic wildfires. HR 2936 provides a responsible budgetary solution and targeted forest man-agement reforms to improve the health and resiliency of America’s forests. Adoption of these proposals will enhance federal forest stewardship; protect forest ecosystems from catastrophic fire and disease; and preserve rural, family wage jobs. The Forest Products Industry National Labor Management Committee urges you to vote in support of HR 2936, the Resilient Fed-eral Forests Act of 2017, when the measure comes to the floor of the House of Represent-atives for a vote this week. Sincerely, M
IKEDRAPER , Chairman, Forest Products Industry National Labor Management Com-mittee. 
INTERTRIBAL TIMBER COUNCIL , Portland, OR, July 5, 2017. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, House Committee on Natural Re-sources, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BISHOP : The Executive Board of the Intertribal Timber Council (ITC) supports H.R. 2936, the Resilient Fed-eral Forests Act of 2017, sponsored by Rep. Bruce Westerman. We wish to particularly express our strong support for Title VII, which will enhance tribal input and involvement in the restora-tion of federal forest lands. Such restoration projects are sorely needed to improve forest health and reduce threats to lands held in trust for Indians as well as non-trust federal land upon which Indian tribes access for tra-ditional, subsistence and treaty-guaranteed purposes. Section 701 would provide timelines for re-view, approval and implementation of Tribal Forest Protection Act projects. This new au-thority is needed because of the under-performance of the TFPA authority. Thir-teen years after Congress passed the TFPA, only three projects have been fully imple-mented, while others linger in years of pro-cedural abyss. As a result, tribal forest lands remain at high risk of wildfire coming from adjacent federal lands. This section would give tribes the certainty to pursue TFPA projects with their federal neighbors and re-duce the risk of wildfire migrating from fed-eral lands onto Indian trust land. Section 702 would give the Forest Service and BLM a new ability to have tribes carry out forest restoration projects in their home-lands. Improvement of forest health and eco-logical functions are vital to maintain wa-tersheds and fish and wildlife habitat on lands that may be subject to federally-re-served tribal rights. Acting through the Bu-reau of Indian Affairs, tribes would be able to restore lands using the federal regulatory structure used on Indian trust lands. As the Committee has noted on several occasions, tribal forest management is able to achieve greater results faster and at lower costs than on federal land. This provision would help bring that successful management approach to federal lands sorely in need of restoration. Section 703 authorizes pilot authority for the Interior and Agriculture Departments to grant ‘‘638’’ contracting authority to tribes and tribal organizations for the administra-tive and management functions of TFPA projects. The ITC is a forty-one year old association of more than fifty Indian tribes and Alaska Native organizations that collectively man-age more than 90% of the 18 million acres of forest land held in trust by the Bureau of In-dian Affairs. The ITC is dedicated to pur-suing the best management and protection of tribal forests and other natural resources. We actively participated in the development of the National Indian Forest Resources Management Act (PL 101–630, 1990) and the Tribal Forest Protection Act (PL 108–278, 2004). It is our pleasure to now support H.R. 2936. Sincerely, PHILRIGDON , President. 
Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Chairman, I strongly urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2936. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
HOMPSON ). Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, many of my col-leagues have asked, because of the re-cent fires in my district, how I will be voting on this measure today. Well, I am a ‘‘no.’’ My district experienced the worst wildfires in California history. Fires burned close to 300,000 acres, killed 43 people, forced more than 100,000 people to evacuate, decimated some 7,000 homes, and left 10,000 people homeless in the city of Santa Rosa alone. Our fires didn’t burn Forest Service lands and they didn’t start on public land, so nothing in this bill that we are discussing here today could have pre-vented the devastation in my district. I agree that we should be doing more to prepare for catastrophic fire events, but this bill doesn’t achieve that goal. Instead, it guts longstanding protec-tions and fails to fix the budgetary issues that plague fire management. In 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.066 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8330 November 1, 2017 
fact, this bill could make things worse by creating more red tape for agencies when they are actively responding to wildfires. That is why I joined Representative H
UFFMAN to introduce an amendment that would have more directly ad-dressed the risk of wildfires. We incor-porated provisions based on: Representatives S
IMPSON ’s and S
CHRADER ’s Wildfire Disaster Funding Act that gives land management agen-cies access to funding to fight wildfires without jeopardizing other agency pro-grams; Legislation that I dropped today that is the companion bill to Senators C
ANTWELL ’s and R ISCH’s Wildland Fires Act, which provides funding to help communities prepare for wildfires and target high-risk areas for prescribed burns. The gentleman from Nevada (Mr. A
MODEI ) is the coauthor of that legislation; We incorporated Representatives L
AMALFA ’s and S CHRADER ’s Electricity Reliability and Forest Protection Act, which passed the House earlier this year, and allows for hazardous vegeta-tion management on Federal lands that abut electrical transmission lines; We also incorporated Representative R
UIZ’s Wildfire Prevention Act that al-lows States to apply for hazard mitiga-tion grants for wildfire prevention projects. Instead of considering controversial measures that will meet a dead end once it gets to the Senate, we should pass these bipartisan, practical, and ef-fective solutions. The fires that tore across my State must not be used as an excuse to un-dermine fundamental environmental laws that protect public lands. They should motivate us to work together to protect communities from the devasta-tion that my constituents are facing today. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. G
IANFORTE ). Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I also thank the gentleman from Arkan-sas, a trained forester, for his efforts to reform how we manage our forests. Montana faced a devastating wildfire season. Over 1 million acres have burned in our State. Lives were lost. Our livelihoods were threatened. Wild-life habitats were destroyed. We breathed the smoke as the clouds hung in the air. Earlier this week, the gentleman from Arkansas and I met with con-servationists, the Forest Service, local leaders, and key stakeholders, includ-ing the Rocky Mountain Elk Founda-tion. They all affirmed that litigation and an inability to inappropriately manage our forests are the problem that lead to severe wildfires. When catastrophic wildfires strike, we keep treating the symptoms—sup-pressing the fires—and somehow think that the next wildfire will be different. We have to address the underlying issues. We have to reform how we man-age our forests. We have to make our forests healthier and our wildfires less severe. We can begin that process today. The people of Montana need relief and a long-term solution. I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. ISSA). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD a letter of sup-port for the legislation from the Na-tional Lumber and Building Material Dealers Association, and a statement of support from the former Chief of the Forest Service, Tom Tidwell. 
NLBMDA P RAISES REINTRODUCTION OF  R
ESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS ACT W
ASHINGTON , DC.—The National Lumber and Building Material Dealers Association (NLBMDA) praises the introduction yester-day of the Resilient Federal Forests Act by (H.R. 2936) Rep. Bruce Westerman (R–AR). The legislation helps protect the national forest system by implementing best prac-tices intended to lessen the threat of wildfires. Original cosponsors for the bipar-tisan bill include Reps. Rau´l Labrador (R– ID), Tom McClintock (R–CA), Cathy McMor-ris Rodgers (R–WA), Rick Nolan (D–MN), Collin Peterson (D–MN), and Scott Tipton (R–CO). Rep. Westerman introduced the legislation during the previous Congress in 2015, where it passed the House of Representatives by a vote of 262–167 with support from 21 Demo-crats who crossed the aisle to support the bill. The U.S. Forest Service manages over 190 million acres. Of this, 46 million acres is des-ignated as allowable for timber harvest. Timber harvests from federal forests de-clined by 78 percent between 1987 and 2015, from 11.3 to 2.5 billion board feet. This is far below the long-term, sustainable capability of these lands of 12.2 billion board feet per year. Poor land management during the past 30 years has led to declining health of national forests. This has resulted in fewer jobs and productivity in the forestry sector, fewer board feet of domestically produced lumber entering the market, and a marked increase in acreage ravaged by insects, disease and fire. ‘‘The Resilient Federal Forests Act strikes a balanced approach in managing the na-tional forest system by making more land available for logging in an environmentally sustainable way,’’ said Jonathan Paine, NLBMDA President and CEO. ‘‘NLBMDA thanks Congressman Westerman for his lead-ership on this important issue.’’ NLBMDA supports greater sustainable har-vesting of federal forests to meet long-term demand for lumber as part of a comprehen-sive plan that does not place U.S. private forests at a competitive disadvantage. 
STATEMENT OF TOMTIDWELL , CHIEF, U.S. D E-
PARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE , FOREST SERV-
ICE 
SUBMITTED TO THE HOUSE NATURAL RESOURCES  
COMMITTEE , SUBCOMMITTEE ON FEDERAL  
LANDS ON THE RESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS  
ACT OF 2017  Mr. Chairman and members of the Sub-committee, thank you for the opportunity to present a statement regarding the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017. The U.S. Forest Service is currently reviewing this discus-sion draft, and the Administration does not have a position on it at this time. We appreciate the significant work the Subcommittee put into this bill since it was last introduced in the 114th Congress. We also appreciate your efforts to incorporate Forest Service comments and recommenda-tions and are encouraged by many of the goals outlined within this bill. We look for-ward to continuing to work with you and your staffs on the details to ensure this leg-islation results in meaningful improvements to forest management work on the ground. The Forest Service welcomes legislation that expands the toolset we can use to re-store our nation’s forests while staying with-in the boundaries and intent of the National Environmental Policy Act and the Endan-gered Species Act. Forest restoration projects provide rural jobs, mitigate the se-verity of wildfires, enhance watershed condi-tions, and ensure a variety of other eco-nomic, social and environmental benefits for the American people. Provisions that expand categorical exclusions, incentivize collabora-tion, and streamline environmental analysis or consultation with other federal agencies are all important issues in the bill that we are reviewing. It is notable that the Resilient Federal Forests Act does not contain provisions that would mandate harvest levels, require a new layer of zoning on the National Forests, or elevate one use over another on these mul-tiple-use lands, as we have seen in other re-cent forestry bills. While we support efforts to provide new tools to improve forest management and res-toration, capacity constraints, including the present approach to budgeting for wildfire, continue to be impediments to increasing the pace and scale of this work. We look for-ward to continuing to work with you on the wildfire title to find a solution that address-es the disproportionate growth of fire pro-grams as a share of the agency’s overall budget. Again, I thank you for the opportunity to provide this statement. The Forest Service stands ready to continue working with you on this important legislation. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRA -
DER). Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chairman, this fire season has put the need for real forest management in stark relief for those of us who live out West. The current laissez-faire forest pol-icy, with random desperate measures to fight increasingly horrific fires that threaten and destroy rural and now—as we have seen in California—suburban communities is completely inadequate and increasingly costly to the tax-payer. This bill, contrary to what some have said, rewards communities that have proactive, collaborative programs; stewardship programs; rural advisory committees; and wildfire protection plans to manage their forests without redundant NEPA processes. A few thousand acres out of the mil-lions acres of Federal forest land are now going to be enabled to be managed for wildlife successional forest habitat; removal of dangerous roadside and in-frastructure threatening vegetation; insect and disease infestations; reduc-ing hazardous fuel in the forests; and, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.068 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8331 November 1, 2017 
frankly, doing a little reforesting of salvage projects, which should have been allowed years ago. We also pilot a few arbitration projects to stop the endless frivolous litigation of every single forest project, at least in Oregon, and I think else-where. SRS payments continue to rural communities whose way of life has been, basically, taken away from them by the endless frivolous litigation in our Federal forests. Counties, for the first time, get some revenue from the very stewardship contracts that we want to encourage, but not at the ex-pense of rural communities’ economic health. Many are still stuck in the recession, and this bill is critical to their revival. Oregon counties in the Oregon and California railroad areas also get the opportunity to be made whole again, like the original statute said. I think it is important to note for a lot of our friends out there that the current regional forest plans still apply and are not undermined. We just give flexibility to the Forest Service folks within the regions to do what they think needs to be done to keep those forests healthy. We empower good management. For those of you who are interested in innovation, this bill actually calls out cross-laminated timber and other thoughtful uses of forests and timber that can bring environmental and tim-ber groups together like it should be in the 21st century. Finally, most important of all for some folks, we actually get wildfire disaster funding included as a reason-able topic of conversation and get out of the current fire-borrowing policy that is preventing the Forest Service and BLM from doing good forest man-agement to prevent those fires in the first place. On balance, frankly, this is a very good bill and it is much-needed at this time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. L
ABRADOR ). Mr. LABRADOR. Mr. Chairman, the Resilient Federal Forests Act contains many provisions that will give the For-est Service additional tools to better manage our national forests. To keep our forests healthy and pro-ductive, we must ensure we have skilled loggers to safely work in those forests. I thank Representative W
ESTERMAN for including my bill, the Future Logging Careers Act, in his bill that is on the floor today. My bill will allow 16- and 17-year-olds to learn the logging business by work-ing in family-owned mechanized log-ging operations under the supervision of their parents. That will allow the next generation of loggers to learn val-uable skills, prepare to take over fam-ily businesses, and provide the wood products needed to support our econ-omy. I learned of the need for this bill after meeting two Idaho loggers from third-generation logging families, Tim Christopherson from Idaho County and Tom Mahon from Adams County. Mahon’s 16-year-old son, J.T., was working under his father’s supervision when a Forest Service employee sent him home. J.T. couldn’t work in the woods because logging doesn’t have an exemption that has long been enjoyed by family farms under the Fair Labor Standards Act. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Idaho. Mr. LABRADOR. With help from the families and the Associated Logging Contractors of Idaho, we crafted a solu-tion that is good for families, good for rural America, and good for the Amer-ican economy. I am grateful for the bipartisan effort on this legislation, and I urge my col-leagues to support the bill. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD a letter from the National Wild Turkey Federation and a letter from the National Association of Counties, Western Interstate Region, in support of H.R. 2936. 
NATIONAL WILDTURKEY FEDERATION , Edgefield, SC, June 26, 2017. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Natural Resources Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. R
AU´LGRIJALVA , Ranking Democrat, Natural Resources Com-mittee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BISHOP AND REPRESENTA -
TIVE GRIJALVA : On behalf of the National Wild Turkey Federation (NWTF) and its 230,000 members, we urge you to take swift Committee action on H.R. 2936 the Resilient Federal Forest Act of 2017. The NWTF is a leader in wildlife habitat conservation in North America and is dedicated to the con-servation of the wild turkey and preserva-tion of our hunting heritage. We are cur-rently working towards our 10-year Save the Habitat. Save the Hunt initiative in which we aim to conserve or enhance 4 million acres of critical habitat, recruit 1.5 million hunters and open 500,000 acres for outdoor enjoyment Active forest management is crucial to es-tablishing healthy and sustainable forests and decisions for forest management should be based on sound science. As such, the com-mon sense solutions offered in H.R. 2936 are imperative to the health and future of our nation’s forests and important to the NWTF to help achieve our objectives. In total, H.R. 2936 has many reasonable solutions to the challenges that the managing agencies face to increase the pace and efficiency of active forest management on our nation’s federal lands. We take this opportunity to highlight those solutions that we believe will make the most immediate difference and offer rec-ommendations as to how we believe the bill can be further improved. We support increased availability for Cat-egorical Exclusions (CE) in order to deal more effectively and efficiently with threats like pests and disease and for addressing ur-gent wildlife needs like critical habitat for endangered species. We are especially sup-portive of the CE that will allow for activi-ties that enhance early successional forests for wildlife habitat. Unlike some critics of CEs who will suggest, they do not exempt the action from the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA), rather they apply the NEPA review to like or similar actions to ex-pedite the process. These are administered under Council on Environmental Quality regulations and other guidance. Increased use of CEs is one of the best opportunities we have in the short term to increase the pace of active forest management. Funding the cost of fighting catastrophic wildfires outside of the agency budget is paramount to the agency’s ability to deliver on other aspects of their mission. We are supportive of a fix that will allow cata-strophic wildfires to be considered a disaster. Until agencies are freed from the burden of fighting catastrophic wildfires through their annual budgets we will be unable to make meaningful progress towards proactive forest management. We recommend capping the firefighting budget at the current 10-year av-erage to protect further erosion of the U.S. Forest Service budget in other important mission delivery areas. We support the bill’s provisions for large scale reforestation on fire-impacted lands. While public input and review is essential to public lands management, currently it can result in delayed action and result in an in-ability to accomplish the necessary objec-tives. We believe the deadlines set for plan development and public input, as well as the prohibition on restraining orders and pre-liminary injunctions strike a reasonable bal-ance. We recommend that this provision of the bill clarify that proper ecological res-toration is allowed as a mechanism to sal-vage forests post catastrophic events as re-forestation may not always be the best ac-tion for the ecological good. The NWTF strongly supports arbitration as an alternative to litigation. This will con-serve valuable U.S. Forest Service resources and expedite work getting done on the ground. Additionally, we support the provi-sion that does not allow plaintiffs chal-lenging a forest management activity to re-ceive any award or payment obligated from the Claims and Judgment Fund. We support the approach for allowing eval-uation of only action/no-action alternatives for collaborative Forest Plans, Resource Ad-visory Committee and Community Wildfire Protection Plan projects. Limiting the num-ber of alternatives will expedite the develop-ment of environmental assessments and allow work to get done on the ground more quickly. We also support the requirement to look at consequences of a no-action alter-native as a no-action decision would still have an impact on the resource. We understand budget concerns counties face and are supportive of a portion of re-tained receipts from stewardship contracts going to the counties. Stewardship Con-tracting is an important tool for active for-est management. Ultimately this change will remove one impediment to utilizing Stewardship Contracting and help garner support from the counties. We recommend modifying this section to reflect that pay-ment should come only from retained re-ceipts on completed projects, versus strictly from timber value within ongoing projects. This will maintain the ‘‘exchange of goods for services’’ function of Stewardship Con-tracting while also preserving the balance of timber dollars and the investment of match-ing funds from organizations like the NWTF to expand the scope and scale of projects, thus accomplishing more active manage-ment and fire protection across the land-scape and within counties. We appreciate the recognition of the im-portance of funding planning activities for forest management. We are concerned that the provision could potentially provide jus-tification for the U.S. Forest Service staff to refrain from fully utilizing product value and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.069 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8332 November 1, 2017 
partner match dollars for on the ground work. While we feel the 25% threshold is too high, the provision of allowing some of the stewardship project revenues to cover the costs of planning additional projects could be beneficial and incentivize project plan-ning. We also appreciate the common-sense amendments to the Endangered Species Act (ESA) that will improve the process of pro-tecting endangered and threatened species and their habitat. The bill overturns the ‘‘Cottonwood’’ court decision, which directs that if additional critical habitat is des-ignated under an approved Forest Plan or Resource Management Plan, a section 7 pro-grammatic re-consultation of the entire For-est Plan needs to be done. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the Obama Administra-tion argued that the section 7 consultation needs only to be done on the portion of the project covering the additionally designated acreage of critical habitat. The remedy in this bill will greatly reduce the debilitating process that the federal court decision di-rects. The bill also affirms current U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service policy that no ESA sec-tion 7 consultation is required if the U.S. Forest Service or Bureau of Land Manage-ment determines through informal consulta-tion that the proposed action will not likely have an adverse affect on species or critical habitat. We further support the 90 day threshold on a CE established by this bill be-cause it will conserve agency resources and expedite management activities on the ground. We commend Congressman Westerman, the co-sponsors, and Chairman Bishop for their dedication to restoring and maintaining our federal forests under management informed by science, and offering the appropriate re-forms to management practices. We respect-fully urge that you expeditiously report H.R. 2936 out of Committee and to the House floor. Sincerely, R
EBECCA A. H UMPHRIES , Chief Executive Officer. 
JUNE21, 2017. Hon. B
RUCE WESTERMAN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCONGRESSMAN WESTERMAN : On behalf of the National Association of Counties (NACo) the only organization representing the nation’s 3,069 counties, parishes, and bor-oughs, and the Western Interstate Region (WIR), we write to express support for H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017. Thank you for your leadership in intro-ducing legislation to promote the active management of our nation’s federal lands and forests, reduce the risk of catastrophic wildfire and promote collaborative ap-proaches to address natural resource man-agement challenges. The legislation will improve the health and wellbeing of forest lands and forest commu-nities by: promoting collaboration and streamlining regulations for forest health projects, protecting communities through wildfire risk reduction, improving flexibility and fairness in forest revenue sharing, and delegating the authority for Resource Advi-sory Committees (RAC) appointments. 
PROMOTING COLLABORATION AND STREAMLINING  
REGULATIONS FOR FOREST HEALTH PROJECTS  Counties believe that active management of federal lands and forests must be done in a sustainable manner that ensures the health of our federal lands for generations to come. One way to help ensure a balanced ap-proach to address natural resource manage-ment challenges is by promoting locally driven collaborative processes that promote consensus driven decision making. Counties across the United States have engaged in collaborative efforts to address their natural resources challenges. By bringing a broad cross-section of local stakeholders into col-laborative processes, counties, industry, out-doorsmen, conservationists and federal and state land managers have built consensus on some of the most complex natural resource management challenges. By authorizing limited and reasonable cat-egorical exclusions for projects that improve forest health and have been developed through consensus based collaborative proc-esses, H.R. 2936 builds upon these successes and provides additional tools to help ensure that collaborative efforts continue to work, accelerate and expand. Streamlining the reg-ulatory review of proposed forestry projects will increase project implementation and the number of acres that are treated. PROTECTING COMMUNITIES THROUGH WILDFIRE  
RISK REDUCTION  For the 26 percent of counties across the United States that are home to federal forest lands, the health of our national forests has a direct impact on the health and safety of county residents. Healthy forests are less prone to disease, insect infestation, and wild-fire. While the causes of catastrophic wild-fire are complex, the status quo of inaction has exacerbated present forest conditions, which now present a great risk to both com-munities and the environment. Your legisla-tion would help to correct this by requiring the costs and benefits of a proposed forest project be weighed against the costs and ben-efits of doing nothing to address wildfire threats, disease and insect infestation, and their impacts on local water supply and wild-life habitat. Provisions of the legislation expediting regulatory analysis for timber salvage after major wildfires are also crucial, and will pro-vide the Forest Service with the revenue it needs to execute critical and time-sensitive post-fire reforestation work. 
PROVIDING FLEXIBILITY AND EQUITABLE  
SHARING OF FOREST REVENUES  In addition to improving forest health and reducing wildfire risk for forest commu-nities, increased active management will generate more revenue for the federal treas-ury and critical services provided by coun-ties, and promote job creation and economic growth in counties across the nation. Ac-cording to the American Forest and Paper Association, forest products industries ac-count for 4% of U.S. manufacturing GDP and over $50 billion annually in wages for ap-proximately 900,000 employees. These jobs provide a direct economic impact to many rural and forest counties across the country. The growth in stewardship contracting in recent years has shown that a market-driven approach to forest management projects can work to achieve both forest management goals and increased forest production. Coun-ties support and are active partners in stew-ardship contracting initiatives across the United States. NACo and WIR support provi-sions of H.R. 2936 that authorize the equi-table sharing of stewardship contracting rev-enues with counties consistent with historic practices. Forest revenue sharing payments support critical county services such as transportation infrastructure and education. America’s counties look forward to working with Congress to further strengthen forest revenue sharing between counties and the federal government. Since 2000, due to sharp declines in forest revenues, the federal government has pro-vided payments to forest counties through the Secure Rural Schools (SRS) program. The SRS program provides a critical safety- net for forest counties impacted by declines in forest production and the loss of forest jobs and it will continue to be a critical pro-gram until the declines in forest production can be fully addressed. H.R. 2936 reforms Title III of SRS that provide much needed flexibility for counties to use a portion of SRS funding to support law enforcement pa-trols and ensure county first-responders have the equipment and training they need to pro-vide high-quality emergency services on for-est service land to county residents and the millions of public lands visitors each year. DELEGATING THE AUTHORITY FOR RESOURCE  
ADVISORY COMMITTEE (RAC) APPOINTMENTS  Finally, counties support legislation to en-sure rural counties can actively coordinate with federal agencies through flexibility in RAC membership and appointments. NACo and WIR support allowing the U.S. Secretary of Agriculture and U.S. Secretary of the In-terior to delegate the authority for appoint-ing RAC members to agency leaders, such as Regional Foresters or Bureau of Land Man-agement State Directors. Counties should be included in the development and implemen-tation of public lands management plans, and RACs allow county leaders to actively participate in this process. Your legislation would allow the Secretary to delegate RAC appointment authority, and ensure locally- driven efforts to better manage federal lands can begin in a timely manner. NACo and WIR stand ready to work with you to promote locally supported, consensus- driven solutions to address management challenges, reduce the risk of catastrophic wildfire, and increase economic activity on our federal lands. NACo and WIR encourage swift passage of the Resilient Federal For-ests Act of 2017. Sincerely, M
ATTHEW D. C HASE , Executive Director, National Association of Counties. J
OELBOUSMAN , President, Western Interstate Region. 
Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ). Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, na-tionwide, this year has been the most expensive year on record, with over $2 billion spent to combat fires that have burned almost 9 million acres of land. As of October 29, State and Federal firefighters responded to 8,300-plus fires, covering over 1.1 million acres in California alone, nearly doubling the amount of acres burned in 2016. A complete lack of forest manage-ment in California has left our forests more combustible than ever, leading to one of the worst wildfire seasons in our State’s history. That is why the bill of my colleague, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , H.R. 2936, is very important. The Resilient Federal Forests Act in-cludes what I believe to be critically important reforms in forest manage-ment, such as expedited environmental reviews and the availability of categor-ical exclusions for forest management activities to help achieve these goals. Our Federal lands are hurting. They are in desperate need to be managed in order to not have these disasters each and every year. We can either thin the trees and the brush out, or watch them 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.048 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8333 November 1, 2017 
go up in smoke every year and become part of our brown skies, instead of the blue skies that we would normally enjoy. We can’t afford this inaction any-more. We need to move this legislation and clean up California’s forests for all. Mr. PETERSON. Mr. Chairman, as I said earlier, this bill is not perfect, but it has a lot of good provisions. I urge support of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member of the Agriculture Committee for his support, and also Mr. W
ESTERMAN from Arkansas, the author of this bill. The Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017 is a bipartisan solution to address the growing economic and environ-mental threats from catastrophic wildfires. As we have heard already, 2017 has had the costliest wildfires on record, with the Forest Service spending over $2 billion. We have had the loss of com-munities and lives lost. The greatest cause of this uptick in wildfires is the severe lack of forest management. b1545 This legislation pairs a responsible budget fix with forest management re-forms, improves the health and resil-iency of our Nation’s forests and range-lands, and provides Federal Land Man-agement agency tools to increase the pay scale and cost efficiency of forest management projects without sacri-ficing environmental protections. The bill permanently solves the wild-fire borrowing problem by allowing FEMA to transfer limited funds to the Forest Service or BLM when the rest of their wildfire suppression funding has been exhausted. It prevents wildfires by authorizing the tools for the Forest Service, tools that they are looking for in the Bureau of Land Management that they can im-plement immediately to mitigate in-sect and disease infestation, prevent damage to municipal watersheds and critical infrastructure quickly, harvest wildfire, kill trees to pay for the refor-estation, and the bill encourages quick reforestation that accelerates habitat improvement. This bill does incentivize collabora-tion, supports local government, and modernizes the Secure Rural Schools Act. Mr. Chairman, I would just ask my colleagues for their support of H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. As we make this transition, let me try and sum up where we are at this particular time. This particular bill was done in co-ordination with the U.S. Forest Service under both the Obama administration and the Trump administration. This has the approval of local governments, Tribes, sportsmen’s groups, and labor unions. The last time we had this bill, it had a good bipartisan vote on it, but these are issues that the Forest Service needs and they can use on day one of their issue. What the Forest Service needs are re-sources, obviously. We know that. But they also need the tools that they need to actually do their work. Now, there are some on the fringe who are going to say that everything is wrong here, but I would encourage them to get rid of the usual rhetoric and to pocket the dogma for a minute and realize that what we need to do is come up with a system that affects the planning process. The Forest Service admits they have 50 to 60 million acres of forestland today that is ready to be a cata-strophic catastrophe. They want to treat 25 percent of what they own a year. They are only treating 2 to 3 per-cent. That means, of the 50 to 60 mil-lion acres they have that are in dire situations right now, they can only treat 3 a year. That would take them 20 years to try and get through what needs to be treated unless we give them new tools to reform the system to make that process going in, and that is exactly what this bill does: it rewards collaboration; it tries to stop unneces-sary litigation; it comes up with arbi-tration concepts that are in there; it expands the ability of streamlining the process so they can get to work. Our people need the resources to do their job. They need the tools. We should make it very clear that money alone is not going to solve the problem of wildfire catastrophe. What we have to do is solve the conditions that cre-ate the catastrophic wildfires in the first place, and that means that we need to make sure that we are doing things so we can prohibit what has hap-pened, which has been devastating to people and their property; which has destroyed habitat for species, endan-gered and unendangered; and which has created conditions of pollution in our atmosphere. All that has to take place. Every-thing in this bill is what the experts in the Forest Service said they can do on day one after it is passed. It needs to take place. It needs to be in addition to the financial solving of the wildfire sit-uation. You need to have these re-forms, and that is what we are pushing in this bill. It is why it is so des-perately needed and why it was worked out with the experts in the field. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise in opposition to H.R. 2936, the so-called Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017. Perhaps a better name would be the ‘‘Log America’s Forest Act of 2017.’’ But before I address the many con-cerns with the underlying bill, I must commend my colleagues across the aisle for attempting to deal with the biggest barrier to improved manage-ment of our national forests: the enor-mous cost and impact of wildfire sup-pression on the Forest Service budget. Over 50 percent of the Forest Service budget is eaten up by wildfire, and if things don’t change, the agency pre-dicts that it will increase to two-thirds in just 5 years. Unfortunately, the budget fix in this bill falls short. First, it requires Congress to appro-priate an amount equal to the 10-year average before emergency funding is available. We know that climate change results in longer and more in-tense wildfire seasons, making the 10- year average irrelevant to the ever-in-creasing need for funding. Because the average is too low, the real number will keep growing, meaning the amount of funding that must be taken from the Forest Service accounts will continue to grow. Fighting fires will continue squeezing out money for the active management my Republican col-leagues are so eager to prioritize. Second, requiring the President to declare each fire a national emergency before releasing funds is unnecessarily bureaucratic and could delay emer-gency operations. We need a holistic fix for the wildfire budget that makes money available in advance of a critical emergency, but Republicans would rather play politics with fire to undermine environmental safeguards. This is not the first time we have seen the bill, this piece of legislation. House Republicans sent a version to the Senate in the 113th and the 114th Congresses, where it languished on the shelf because our colleagues on the other side of the Capitol found it too extreme. Rather than view that experience as an opportunity to seek compromise this time around, today we are consid-ering a bill that is even more extreme and polarizing. They doubled the envi-ronmental review waivers, added lan-guage to undermine the Endangered Species Act, and scaled back protec-tions for national monuments and roadless areas. We are told that this is all in the name of decreasing wildfire risk and protecting communities. The truth is that it is just more of the same from House Republicans who will look for any excuse to advance their extraction- above-all agenda. Wildfires are a huge problem in this country due, in large part, to climate change, something this bill ignores. By the way, they are becoming more fre-quent and more intense, and they pose a growing threat to public safety and local communities. This bill is not about forest health or wildfire mitigation. It is about increas-ing the number of trees removed from our forests. Republicans would rather scare us into weakening environmental safeguards than work on a possible bi-partisan solution to wildfire manage-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.070 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8334 November 1, 2017 
A serious proposal would recognize the Forest Service and the Department of the Interior have ample authority within current law to conduct fire treatment on our public lands. In fact, the 2009 Collaborative Forest Land-scape Restoration Program, estab-lished the last time Democrats con-trolled the House, has resulted in the treatment of over 1.45 million acres of national forests to reduce the risk of catastrophic fire and the improvement of over 1.33 million acres of wildlife habitat. In just 5 years, the program gen-erated more than $661 million in local labor income and an average of 4,300 jobs per year. The projects have at-tracted new partners and strengthened community relationships, leveraging over $76.1 million in partner matching funds. Collaborative programs like this bring people to the table and result in more acres treated, more local jobs, and more successful projects. Again, all of this has taken place within the framework of the current law. Increased funding for programs like Collaborative Forest Landscape Res-toration should be a priority for Re-publicans, but this program was zeroed out by the Trump administration budg-et, and extreme proposals like this bill chip away at the principal pillars of law that make collaboration possible. Our constituents and our forests de-serve better. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD a letter from the National Conference of State His-toric Preservation Officers and a letter sent from 40 forestry coalitions that are in support of this particular bill. 
NATIONAL CONFERENCE OF STATE  H
ISTORIC PRESERVATION OFFICERS , Washington, DC, October 24, 2017. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, House Committee on Natural Re-sources, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BISHOP : On behalf of the National Conference of State Historic Pres-ervation Officers (NCSHPO), we would like to thank you and Congressman Bruce Westerman for including language in the manager’s amendment to H.R. 2936, the Re-silient Federal Forests Act of 2017. The lan-guage, which calls for the establishment of a Nationwide Programmatic Agreement to pursue an efficient and effective solution to historic preservation review, ensures state and local input on the impact of federal un-dertakings on historic resources. The establishment of the Nationwide Pro-grammatic Agreement is consistent with the principal of states and communities having a lead role in evaluating the impact of federal projects on historic resources. This principal was enshrined in law more than 50 years ago with the passage of the National Historic Preservation Act and strengthened more than 40 years ago by the creation of the His-toric Preservation Fund. Wildfires pose a threat to historic re-sources and NCSHPO supports your effort to reduce their risk. As the bill moves forward, NCSHPO and its members remain ready and willing to help find a solution to any chal-lenges faced in the management of our na-tion’s forests. Our members are committed to assisting federal agencies in achieving this goal, while also ensuring that state and local governments continue to have say in the impact of federal undertakings on his-toric resources. We look forward to working with you on this important issue. Sincerely, ERIKM. H EIN, Executive Director. 
JUNE27, 2017. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, Committee on Natural Resources, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. R
AULGRIJALVA , Ranking Member, Committee on Natural Re-sources, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BISHOP & RANKING MEMBER  G
RIJALVA : We write to you today in strong support of HR 2936, the bipartisan Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017. Our federal forests are facing serious threats from fires, insects, and diseases due to lack of active forest management. The poor health of our federal forests also threat-ens wildlife habitat, watersheds, and neigh-boring non-Federal lands, as well as the vi-tality of rural, forested communities across the country. HR 2936 contains provisions in-tended to both address the disruption caused by fire borrowing and to expedite needed for-est management to improve the health and vitality of our federal forests. The Resilient Federal Forests Act provides Categorical Exclusions (CE’s) under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act will allow needed forest management projects to be more quickly prepared, analyzed, and imple-mented. It will also allow forest recovery projects to proceed more quickly, addressing a dire need created by recent wildfire sea-sons. The Forest Service has long experience with management techniques to reduce for-est pests, thin hazardous fuels, create and maintain habitat for species, recover dam-aged timber and protect water quality. These projects mitigate risk and help create early successional forest habitat which is good for wildlife. The Forest Service does more complex NEPA documentation than most other Fed-eral agencies, and even after years of col-laboration, frequently finds itself in court where judges scrutinize procedural issues, delaying needed management, sometimes for years. The Resilient Federal Forests Act ad-dresses the complex, court-imposed NEPA burden that has been forced on the Forest Service, while preserving collaborative ef-forts and avoiding sensitive forest lands. HR 2936 addresses both the excessive anal-ysis requirements imposed on even modest forest management projects, as well as the dysfunctional system of funding suppression costs out of forest management program ac-counts. Provisions in the bill limit the acre-age of Categorical Exclusions, and prohibits their use in sensitive areas. The legislation provides access to the disaster relief fund for wildfire suppression expenses in excess of the 10-year average. The House acted on a similar, bipartisan bill in 2015. The need for action to address forest health conditions on our national for-est system is even higher today. Wildfire suppression funding mechanisms developed in the past are no longer adequate to address the conditions we are experiencing. We urge to take up and pass HR 2936 as quickly as possible. We stand ready to work with both of you advance responsible solutions to these seri-ous national problems. Alabama Loggers Council; Allegheny Hardwood Utilization Group, Inc.; American Farm Bureau Federation; American Forest & Paper Association; American Forest Resource Council; American Loggers Council; Arkansas Forestry Association; Arkansas Timber Producers Association; Associated California Loggers; Associated Logging Contractors of Idaho; Associated Or-egon Loggers; Association of Con-sulting Foresters; Black Hills Forest Resource Association; California For-estry Association; Carolina Loggers Association; Colorado Timber Industry Association; Coos County (Oregon) Board of Commissioners; Deere & Co; Great Lakes Timber Professionals; Hardwood Federations. Intermountain Forest Association; Lou-isiana Forestry Association; Michigan Association of Timbermen; Michigan Forest Products Council; Minnesota Forest Industries; Minnesota Timber Producers Association; Mississippi Loggers Association; Missouri Forest Products Association; Montana Log-ging Association; Montana Wood Prod-ucts Association; National Wildfire In-stitute; New Hampshire Timberland Owners Association; New Mexico Coali-tion of Conservation Districts; New Mexico Forest Industry Association; Northeastern Loggers Association; Professional Logging Contractors of Maine; South Carolina Timber Pro-ducers Association; Southeastern Lum-ber Manufacturers Association; Sus-tainable Forest Action Coalition; Treated Wood Council. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017, introduced by my friend and col-league B
RUCE WESTERMAN . Our forests and the communities that live, work, and rely on them des-perately need improved management practice to reduce these forest fire dis-asters and to increase resiliency. I was very pleased with the quick work by my friend and former col-league OMB Director Mick Mulvaney for addressing the wildfire funding cri-sis at the United States Forest Service, requesting $576.5 million for wildfire suppression and recommending active management reforms. Now, while the Trump administra-tion came through in a big way for Western communities that have been ravaged by catastrophic wildfires, Con-gress must pass H.R. 2936 and get seri-ous about combating catastrophic wildfires before they get started. The Resilient Federal Forests Act is a bipartisan, comprehensive piece of legislation that simplifies the cum-bersome planning process and reduces the cost of implementing proactive for-est management strategies. H.R. 2936 empowers local commu-nities by getting them involved in the decisionmaking process. It empowers Tribal communities to be part of the solution and help reduce the risk of wildfire. The bill removes incentives for ex-treme special interest groups to file frivolous lawsuits. In fact, it requires litigants opposing active management projects to propose an alternative plan as opposed to just saying ‘‘no.’’ Imag-ine that, solutions over lawsuits. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.072 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8335 November 1, 2017 
Mismanagement has left our forests vulnerable to insects and disease and ripe for catastrophic wildfires. It is clear the system is broken. Western communities are tired of being victims, and this bill allows us to be proactive and to prevent disasters before they be-come a risk. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD two letters, one from the Asso-ciation of Fish and Wildlife Agencies and the second from the National Asso-ciation of Home Builders, in support of H.R. 2936. 
ASSOCIATION OF FISH& W ILDLIFE  A
GENCIES , Washington, DC, June 26, 2017. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, House Natural Resources Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. R
AU´LGRIJALVA , Ranking Democrat, House Natural Resources Committee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BISHOP AND RANKING DEM-
OCRAT GRIJALVA : The Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies (Association) is pleased to support H.R. 2936, the ‘‘Resilient Federal Forest Act of 2017’’ (RFFA). All 50 state agencies are members of the Association. Founded in 1902, the Association’s mission is to protect the interests and authorities of the states to manage fish and wildlife within their borders, including on federal land. The Association works closely with the federal land management agencies to deliver on the ground conservation of fish, wildlife and their habitats for our citizens. The Association is particularly appre-ciative of changes made by the Committee staff at the request of the Association. These changes make more prominent in federal statute the states’ authority to manage fish and wildlife on U.S. Forest Service (USFS) and Bureau of Land Management (BLM) lands. Nothing in the amended language is intended to change any existing federal, state or tribal authority. It simply makes more evident the state-federal jurisdictional relationship which Congress has affirmed. Federal-state cooperation in this arena is compelled because the USFS and BLM own the land and thus the habitat, and the state fish and wildlife agencies manage the fish and wildlife. Robust cooperation will provide that both land/habitat objectives and fish and wildlife population objectives are met. The RFFA is vitally needed to restore the health of our Nation’s federal forests on USFS and BLM lands. Unfortunately, the USFS and BLM have fallen significantly be-hind in meeting objectives for early succes-sional stage forest habitat, for a number of reasons. Significantly, federal court deci-sions and increasing uninformed litigation has created ‘‘paralysis by analysis’’ to quote a former USFS Chief. Congress mandated that the federal forests were to be managed for water quality, wildlife habitat, recre-ation, and timber harvest. Active forest management by the federal professional managers in cooperation with the state fish and wildlife agency professional managers has been replaced by natural resource man-agement decisions being made by the federal courts. A return to active forest manage-ment will facilitate realization of all of the public values of federal forests. The Association much appreciates that the fire-borrowing problem is addressed in HR 2936. While most catastrophic fires occur in the western United States, this is a national problem because the funds for every national forest and public land unit are affected. This remedy will prevent the USFS and BLM from having to borrow from other appro-priated line-items (for example, wildfire pre-vention, wildlife, recreation and water qual-ity) to pay for the cost of catastrophic fire suppression, which cost consumes over 50% of the USFS budget. We respectfully urge the Committee to further protect the USFS budget by capping the 10-year average cost of catastrophic fire costs at its current level. The 10-year average is used by the USFS in building their budget request. The 10-year average continues to rise and unless it is capped it will continue to erode other impor-tant budget line items such as wildlife, water quality, fire prevention and recreation in the President’s budget. The Association further appreciates the process relief provided to National Forest Plans (NFP) and (potentially) Resource Man-agement Plans (RMP) developed by collabo-rative deliberation. It is appropriate that a collaborative-developed plan, which often takes years to deliberate and conclude, be subject to only two options under NEPA, proceed or not proceed. It is very reasonable to assume that the collaboratively delib-erated process has examined and rejected the other options, and only the action or no ac-tion need be analyzed. The bill’s establishment of a pilot binding arbitration process as an alternative to liti-gation in each FS Region is certainly wel-comed by the Association. Not only is the cost of defending the land management plan a burden on the agencies, but the planned for management work on the ground is lost, per-haps never to be resurrected on that site. We commend Congressman Westerman and the Committee for settling on this significant improvement to litigation reform that was in HR 2647 from the last Congress. We also appreciate the increase in acreage ceilings for the statutorily endorsed Categor-ical Exclusions (CEs) under NEPA. CEs must avoid sensitive areas and must be consistent with standards and guidelines in Forest Plans. Early forest successional stage habi-tat, for instance, cannot be just incidental to be effective in providing habitat for deer, elk, wild turkey, neo-tropical migratory songbirds and other species which are de-pendent on this habitat type. While an acre-age ceiling is an easy metric to measure suc-cess, the desired forest future condition should really determine the size of the tim-ber harvest. Additionally, the Association supports the proposed common-sense amendments to the Endangered Species Act. First, H.R. 2936 overturns the Cottonwood decision, which di-rects that if additional critical habitat is designated under an approved FP or RMP, a section 7 programmatic re-consultation of the entire FP needs to be done. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) and the Obama Administration argued that the sec-tion 7 consultation needs only to be done on the project covering the additionally des-ignated acreage of critical habitat. This rem-edy will greatly reduce the debilitating proc-ess that the federal court decision directs. Second, the bill affirms that no ESA section 7 consultation is required if the USFS or BLM determine during informal consulta-tion that the proposed action is ‘‘not likely to adversely affect a species or designated critical habitat’’, which is already USFWS policy. And third, if any consultation on a categorical exclusion established by the bill is not concluded after 90 days, the action shall be considered to have not violated sec-tion 7(a)(2) of the ESA. The Association is committed to working with our partners in the USFS and BLM to manage our federal forests to fulfill their public values as Congress mandated. HR 2936 makes significant improvements to and would expedite the process that governs ap-proval of the USFS and BLM management plans. We urge that your Committee expedi-tiously report HR 2936 from the Committee to the House floor. We look forward to continuing to work with you to move this bill quickly through the legislative process. If you have any ques-tions, please contact AFWA Government af-fairs Director Jen Mock Schaeffer. Sincerely, NICKWILEY, President, Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies; Executive Director, Florida Fish and Wildlife Conserva-tion Commission. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  H
OMEBUILDERS , Washington, DC, June 21, 2017. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, House of Representatives, Committee on Natural Resources, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BISHOP : On behalf of the more than 140,000 members of the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB), I am writing to express NAHB’s strong support for The Resilient National Forests Act of 2017 and express our appreciation to the House Committee on Natural Resources for con-tinuing this important discussion on the health of our nation’s forest. Better forest management practices that are also mindful of environmental considerations will help strengthen the housing supply chain and pro-mote affordable housing opportunities for all Americans. Significant concerns have been raised about the U.S. Forest Service’s current for-est management efforts, both in terms of ad-ministrative obstacles and legal obstacles in approving timber harvesting projects. Con-sequently, less commercial harvesting of timber has resulted in overgrown forests and an increased risk of catastrophic wildfire across the country. Additional commercial harvesting of tim-ber will promote the health of our nation’s forest system, but also positively impact housing affordability. NAHB research shows lumber and wood products account for 15% of the cost of construction for a single family house. Lumber prices are generally volatile, and it is common for builders to encounter a large price swing in a short period of time. As additional supply is brought into the market, upward pressure on lumber prices will soften. NAHB urges the House Natural Resources Committee to support The Resilient Na-tional Forests Act of 2017, which will encour-age multi-use forest management practices for national forests and provide increases in the supply of federal timber products. Thank you for considering our views. Sincerely, J
AMES W. T OBIN III. 
Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, we need forest management reforms, we need them now. I thank Mr. W
ESTERMAN and the committee for their work on this bill, and I strongly urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO). Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I re-member, 13 years ago, after another spate of catastrophic fires in the West-ern United States, we came together in a truly bipartisan fashion and passed something called the Healthy Forests Restoration Act. It authorized up to 20 million acres to be treated to remove 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.073 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8336 November 1, 2017 
hazard fuels in what is called the WUI, the wildland-urban interface, and in threats to municipal water supplies. We also authorized $760 million a year. Well, it has been 13 years. We author-ized 20 million acres of work. What has been done? 2
1⁄2million. Is it because of litigation, lawsuits, or, you know, obstruction? No. It is be-cause of this body, the United States Congress, which is refusing to put up the money to do the work. In my State alone, there are 1.8 mil-lion acres waiting for treatment. They have gone through all environmental reviews. There is no potential for liti-gation or any other blocking, but they don’t have the money. Does this bill fix that? No. We are ad-dressing problems that don’t exist in terms of addressing the wildfire prob-lem. This is really, you know, kind of a lost opportunity, a missed opportunity. Yes, it does a partial fix of the wildfire borrowing, which devastates the Forest Service every year. I appreciate that. But the fact is, we have got 44 million homes that are now at risk in terms of wildland-urban interface, and we have only treated 2
1⁄2million acres because this Congress isn’t putting up the money. b1600 And this year, yet again, they are proposing like one-half of what we au-thorized. What does one-half get you? It gets you half the acreage. So if we had appropriated at the lev-els we authorized over the last 13 years, they would have treated 5 or 6 million acres. Again, they weren’t blocked by litigation. They weren’t blocked by appeals. The HFRA Act be-came virtually noncontroversial be-cause it didn’t do away with judicial review, which this bill will do on a cer-tain number of projects in each region every year. I wish that this was a bipartisan ap-proach, it isn’t, and I cannot support the legislation. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. M
CEACHIN ). Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yield-ing. Mr. Chairman, the goal of forest management should be to make our forests more resilient—more resilient to the impacts of climate change, drought, and wildlife—but contrary to its title, H.R. 2936, the so-called Resil-ient Federal Forests Act of 2017, does not achieve these goals. This bill includes exemptions from analyses required under the National Environmental Policy Act, restricts ju-dicial review of certain forest manage-ment activities, amends the Equal Ac-cess to Justice Act to limit payment of attorneys’ fees, and scales back the wildlife conservation efforts of the En-dangered Species Act. Mr. Chairman, this bill desperately needs improvement, and I am dis-appointed that my commonsense amendment—offered both in com-mittee and again to Rules, this time with my colleague, Mr. BEYER from Virginia—is not being considered by the House. My amendment would have struck two sections of this bill that are de-signed to allow approval of timber projects without adequate consider-ation of the impacts to some of the most vulnerable living creatures on Earth: those listed as threatened or en-dangered under the Endangered Species Act. The first offending section would put the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service on a 90-day shot clock to complete consulta-tions required under section 7 of the ESA. Such a provision is both unneces-sary and deeply harmful. The second section my amendment would have struck is designed to pre-vent ESA consultation from happening altogether when FWS lists a new spe-cies or designates critical habitat for a listed species. This simply defies logic. Getting ESA consultation right—and ensuring that it happens in the first place—is a small price to pay for pre-serving irreplaceable parts of our nat-ural heritage. Mr. Chairman, H.R. 2936 attacks re-sponsible forest management policy and promotes commercial logging at the expense of sound environmental re-view. Instead of giving gifts to special in-terests, Congress should be addressing the effects of climate change, working to reduce the risk of wildfire, and fix-ing the wildfire budget. Mr. Chairman, this bill takes us many steps in the wrong direction, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ), who has sat through 2 years of discussions of the ideas from the Forest Service in creating this bill. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Chairman, 45 years ago, Congress enacted laws, such as the National Environmental Policy Act, that promised to improve the health of our forests. They imposed what have become endlessly time-con-suming and, ultimately, cost-prohibi-tive restrictions on our ability to prop-erly manage our national forests so that we can match the tree density with the ability of the land to support it. I think after 45 years of experience with these laws, we are entitled to ask: How are our forests doing? The answer is damning. Our forests are now cata-strophically overgrown, often carrying four times the number of trees that the land can support. In this stressed and weakened condition, our forests are easy prey for drought, disease, pes-tilence, and fire. There is an old adage that excess timber comes out of the forest one way or the other—it is either carried out or it burns out. When we carried it out, we had resilient, healthy forests and a thriving economy, as excess timber was sold and harvested before it could choke our forests to death. In the years since then, we have seen an 80 percent decline in timber sales from our Fed-eral lands and a concomitant increase in acreage destroyed by forest fire. I would remind my friend from Oregon that timber sales used to generate us money, not cost us money. The direct revenues and spin-off com-merce generated by these sales pro-vided a stream of revenues that we could then use to improve our national forests and share with the local com-munities affected. The Resilient Federal Forests Act be-gins to move us back towards sound and scientific forest management prac-tices. It requires forest managers to consider the cost of no action alter-natives; it streamlines fire and disease prevention programs and ensures that fire-killed timber can be quickly re-moved to create both revenues and room to restore fire-damaged lands; it ends the practice of raiding prevention funds to fight fires; it streamlines on-erous environmental review processes without sacrificing environmental pro-tection; and it provides our forest man-agers with alternatives to resolve friv-olous lawsuits. Provisions that streamline the envi-ronmental reviews were already signed into law last year for the Tahoe Basin, and the Forest Service regional man-ager told me that is going to take their revenue processes from 800 pages down to 40 pages and allow them to get their forest there back to a sustainable level. We made some very big mistakes 45 years ago, and our forests have paid the price. This bill starts the long proc-ess of correcting those mistakes and recovering our national forests, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD two letters, one from the South Tahoe Public Utility District, and the second from the Public Lands Council and the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, in support of H.R. 2936. 
JUNE22, 2017. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, House Committee on Natural Re-sources, Washington, DC. Hon. R
AULGRIJALVA , Ranking Member, House Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BISHOP AND RANKING MEM-
BERGRIJALVA : As entities responsible for de-livering sustainable water supply and renew-able hydropower for millions of citizens throughout the western U.S., we are writing in support of H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017. National Forest lands are the largest single source of water in the U.S. and in some regions of the west con-tribute nearly 50% of the overall water sup-ply that supports our farms and cities. The current, unhealthy state of these forests, which contain some of the nation’s most val-uable watersheds, increases the threat of catastrophic wildfires. These high intensity wildfires jeopardize the reliability, volume and quality of water for tens of millions of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.074 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8337 November 1, 2017 
Americans, along with the wildlife, rec-reational, and multi-purpose value of these lands. The H.R. 2936 supports collaborative forest management, streamlines the environmental review process, addresses the unsustainable practice of fire borrowing, and includes an innovative arbitration process. We believe it is critical that both forest management re-forms and resolution of the ‘‘fire borrowing’’ issue are addressed in any legislation to en-sure on-the-ground forest restoration activi-ties can proceed at the pace and scale of the problem. We appreciate your leadership on this im-portant issue and urge prompt passage of H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017. Sincerely, N
ATIONAL WATER  R
ESOURCES ASSOCIATION . U
TAHWATER USERS A
SSOCIATION . A
SSOCIATION OF CALIFORNIA  W
ATER AGENCIES . P
LACER COUNTY WATER  A
GENCY . S
OUTH TAHOE PUBLIC  U
TILITY DISTRICT . 
JUNE27, 2017. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, House Natural Resources Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. R
AULGRIJALVA , Ranking Member, House Natural Resources Committee, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BISHOP AND RANKING MEM-
BER GRIJALVA : The Public Lands Council (PLC) and the National Cattlemen’s Beef As-sociation (NCBA) strongly support H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017, in-troduced by Rep. Bruce Westerman (R–Ark.). PLC is the only national organization dedi-cated solely to representing the roughly 22,000 ranchers who operate on federal lands. NCBA is the beef industry’s largest and old-est national marketing and trade associa-tion, representing American cattlemen and women who provide much of the nation’s supply of food and own or manage a large portion of America’s private property. The Resilient Federal Forests Act will ex-pedite environmental reviews and assess-ments for the removal of dead trees and set deadlines for reforestation projects to occur. Such changes ensure forests are no longer neglected and establish a healthier manage-ment pattern. Further, this legislation dis-courages frivolous litigation by requiring litigants who oppose a management project to come to the table with an alternative, rather than just tying up agency time and resources in court. The bill provides an in-centive for collaborative efforts between local governments, local stakeholders and federal land management agencies. Finally, the legislation prevents ‘‘fire borrowing’’ and stops federal agencies from raiding accounts necessary for proper forest and range man-agement. The severe mismanagement of federally- owned forests and rangelands, due to out-dated environmental laws and regulations along with the abuse of the legal system by radical special interest groups, creates dev-astating economic hardship and danger for our members and rural communities across the west. The livestock industry and rural economies will spend decades attempting to recover from millions of dollars’ worth of in-frastructure damage and forage loss that have been the result of catastrophic wildfires in recent years, not to mention the loss of valuable wildlife habitats. It is scientifically proven that proper tim-ber management and rangeland management through grazing is the key to maintaining healthy forests and preventing catastrophic wildfires. However, according to the BLM, livestock grazing has been reduced on BLM lands by as much as 50 percent since 1971, while the timber industry has been all but destroyed over the last 30 years, due almost entirely to federal laws and regulations and predatory environmental groups. Restric-tions have allowed the accumulation of fuel, increasing risk of wildfires and leading to harm of forest ecosystems and western com-munities—the watershed, wildlife, air qual-ity, rural communities and the taxpayers are all negatively impacted. PLC and NCBA believe that H.R. 2936 is a positive step forward to returning manage-ment flexibility and fiscal responsibility to the federal land management agencies. PLC and NCBA appreciate the opportunity to pro-vide our input on behalf of our members—the nation’s food and fiber producers. H.R. 2936 is proactive, common sense legislation, and we would encourage the committee to pass the bill out of committee without delay. Sincerely, DAVEELIASON , President, Public Lands Council. C
RAIG UDEN, President, National Cattlemen’s Beef As-sociation. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. H
UFFMAN ). Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for yielding. Mr. Chairman, this bill that we are debating today has been touted as Con-gress’ solution to the longstanding issue of fire borrowing that has plagued the Forest Service. I represent a district that has experi-enced a lot of wildfire. Thankfully, the recent devastating fires in the North Bay were not caused by this fire-bor-rowing issue. They did not involve Fed-eral public lands. However, I have had a lot of wildfire in my district over the years, and fire borrowing is a top pri-ority for me. Unfortunately, as it is currently written, this bill introduces more problems than solutions on this issue. Let me explain. The title in the bill pertaining to fire borrowing repurposes the Stafford Act, which Congress enacted to provide as-sistance to State and local govern-ments in case of emergencies. This re-quires Congress to appropriate the 10- year average for wildfire suppression before the Forest Service can access emergency funds. That is not the way to solve this problem. In fact, I saw that just yesterday the administration issued a SAP because of this problem-atic provision. If Congress is serious about fixing the budget issue, we should be making funds available ahead of an emergency situation, and we should remove the cost of fighting catastrophic fires from the agency’s base budget. That will en-able them to invest in proactive meas-ures to make our forests more resilient and healthy. Although the Rules Committee added title XI to this bill, which increased the overall cap for disaster spending, the problems with using the Stafford Act approach still remain. The second point. This bill, essen-tially, is a gutting of environmental protections and an attack on sustain-able forest management that threatens equal access to justice. We should just call it what it is. Title I of this bill allows intensive logging projects of 10,000 to 30,000 acres each. That is as big as the entire city of San Francisco. Projects of that size can proceed on Federal public lands without any environmental review under NEPA, without any compliance with the Endangered Species Act. Title II of the bill eliminates the re-quirement that the Forest Service con-sult with the Fish and Wildlife Service and, essentially, let’s the Forest Serv-ice decide for itself if it wants to follow the Endangered Species Act consulta-tion requirements regarding any of its projects on public lands. Title III further chokes judicial re-view by prohibiting the recovery of at-torneys’ fees for any challenges to for-est management activity under the Equal Access to Justice Act, including meritorious successful challenges. This severely limits public review of logging projects on Federal public lands. How would any of these measures promote forest health? It wouldn’t. So let’s call this bill what it is. It is an en-vironmental wrecking ball that weak-ens standards and protections, limits public participation in the review of Federal agency actions, and won’t make our forests any healthier or safer. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I rise for the purpose of engaging in a col-loquy with the chairman to seek a clar-ification on the applicability of the provisions in title I and title II of this bill to national forest lands. As my colleagues know, the State of California has been on fire. We have all seen the devastation across the State, ranging from the Sierra Nevada to the Bay area, and even the wine country. Even today, CalFire and Forest Service personnel remain deployed on fires across the State. Ensuring that the Forest Service re-turns to active management of our for-ests is critical to promoting forest health and helping reduce the risks and likeliness of catastrophic wildfires that we have seen already this year. The Resilient Federal Forests Act in-cludes what I believe to be critically important reforms to forest manage-ment, such as expedited environmental reviews and availability of categorical exclusion for forest management ac-tivities, to help achieve these needed goals. In California, there are six national monuments managed by the Forest Service or jointly between the Forest Service and BLM. Oftentimes, manage-ment activities in these areas are high-ly restricted, which only leads to haz-ardous fuels buildup and increased risk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.025 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8338 November 1, 2017 
of catastrophic fires. We see the results every year in the West. H.R. 2936 clearly identifies certain national forest lands that these provi-sions do not apply to. This includes wilderness areas, national or State inventoried roadless areas, or areas where timber harvesting is prohibited by statute. However, it is my belief that provi-sions of this bill, Mr. Chairman—based on the definition of National Forest System lands in the bill—apply to all other Forest Service lands not explic-itly prohibited in the bill. Respectfully, I would like to clarify with the chairman that it is his intent that provisions in title I and title II of H.R. 2936 apply to all other Federal lands managed by the United States Forest Service. This includes national monuments managed by the Forest Service. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for his work on this critical bill. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from California for his work on forestry issues and un-derstand the importance this bill has to forestry management in his state. It is my intent, and I believe the in-tent of my colleagues, that all provi-sions of H.R. 2936, including title I and title II, unless explicitly excluded, apply to national monuments and all other lands managed by the United States Forest Service. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time is remaining on both sides. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ). The gentleman from Arizona has 3 min-utes remaining. The gentleman from Utah has 5 minutes remaining. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. T
IPTON ). Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleague from Arkansas, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , for his hard work on the Resilient Federal Forests Act. I would like to be able to submit that if you actually care about helping our forests, if you care about our water-sheds, if you care about wildlife habi-tat, if you care about outdoor recre-ation, if you care about responsible job development, if you care about being able to provide funding for our schools, this is a piece of legislation to be able to try and achieve a win-win-win, lit-erally, for our communities. We have seen 7 million acres, Mr. Chairman, burn in the West in 2017 alone. We have seen our forests dev-astated. We have seen over half of the budget of the Forest Service being used to fight forest fires. Is there a better way? The better way can be found in this piece of legislation, to be able to not only address what we must address, in terms of fighting forest fires when they break out, but also to be able to have a responsible, proactive management forest to be able to make sure that we are creating healthy forests. Mr. Chairman, as I travel throughout my district, I am now looking at for-ests that my great-grandchildren will not see as I saw them as a young boy growing up. It is time that we actually have legislation that doesn’t just be re-active to the problem that we face when it comes to forest management but be proactive. This legislation will achieve that goal. And, again, I applaud Mr. WESTERMAN and the Committee on Natural Resources for their hard work on this. b1615 Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. As we have talked about H.R. 2936, this is something that has been before two previous Congresses and went no-where; and as a consequence, we con-tinue to not confront the issue of ap-propriate and necessary funding for the Forest Service to conduct wildfire sup-pression. That is the gap in this. This flawed attempt to try to fix the fund-ing issue does not. In fact, Congress has provided appro-priate tools to conduct restoration, re-duce hazardous fuels, and restore eco-logical balance on national forest and public lands. Congress should fix the wildfire budg-et—that is the issue—not use this as le-verage to subsidize the timber industry and also overturn essential environ-mental laws. This legislation has an attack on NEPA, has an attack on the Endan-gered Species Act, has an attack on ju-dicial review and access to justice, has an attack on the Antiquities Act, and continues the process of fire borrowing. H.R. 2936 is not about forest health or reducing wildfire risk. It is intended to make it easier to advance commercial logging and sales on our national for-ests and public lands. A flawed attempt to fix the wildfire funding problem, it does nothing to change the anti-environmental provi-sions in the underlying bill. We have a serious issue, validated be-cause of all the studies that have been done, including GAO, which found that climate change is a contributor, sci-entists have found that climate change is a contributor. That is not discussed because that is a hoax, my Republican colleagues say, created by the Chinese. So we will not talk about climate change as a major factor, which it is, to the increasing intensity and length of wildfires across our public lands and across private and State lands as well. This legislation is about undermining environmental law. It does nothing about the funding necessary to fight wildfires in this country. It does noth-ing about involving the stakeholders in proactive restoration and reducing the threat of wildfire in this country. Mr. Chair, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on H.R. 2936, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I am amazed at how critical people have been about the experts of the For-est Service, as if people don’t realize that these provisions in Mr. WESTERMAN ’s bill weren’t coming out of thin air. Somebody told us the tools they need to deal with this. Mr. Chair, may I also add, there are still other issues which we will work out when we get to the Senate on these, some that Mr. G
OHMERT pre-sented. We will still work on those issues. Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ), the author of this bill, the only Member on the floor who has a degree in forestry. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman B
ISHOP for his tireless efforts to see our government do better on our Federal lands. Mr. Chairman, I recently made a trip out to Montana to visit some of our National Forests and the rural commu-nities they border. These forests, much like many areas across our country, have been mismanaged for decades, and the ones that have not already been de-stroyed are ripe to be devastated by in-sects, disease, or catastrophic wildfire, not because of some action taken by the Forest Service, but just the oppo-site. Because of no actions, our forests are overstocked, underutilized, and unhealthy. We have seen nearly 9 million acres of forest, an area larger than the State of Maryland, go up in flames just this year, spewing tens of millions of tons of carbon and thick smoke into the at-mosphere. Don’t get me wrong. 32,000 full-time Forest Service personnel are busy and working hard trying to manage the 193 million acres of timberland across our great country, but they are spinning their wheels and making very little progress. Mr. Chairman, that is a forest the size of Texas and South Carolina com-bined. According to scientists at the Forest Service, 80 million acres of that, an area the size of the State of New Mexico, is in a condition that is subject to catastrophic wildfire. These fires are not only creating a forest health crisis, they are a public health crisis. They kill trees, they kill wildlife and livestock. These fires not only kill livelihoods, they create un-bearable health concerns and living conditions with their thick smoke and ash. On top of all that, they are killing people. It shouldn’t be this way and it doesn’t have to be this way. This bill simply allows sound, sci-entifically-based forestry practices, like the ones I learned at Yale’s For-estry School, to be implemented on our Federal forests. It will result in cleaner air, cleaner water, better wildlife habi-tat, better recreational opportunities, more plant and animal biodiversity, stronger economies, and fewer fires, re-sulting in lower fire costs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.076 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8339 November 1, 2017 
As we traveled through the beautiful countryside of Montana, I saw the sym-bol of our Nation perched majestically atop a tree by the bank of a clear and flowing stream. This bald eagle re-minded me of a fable by Aesop that de-scribed our situation today. It goes like this: An eagle was soaring through the sky, when suddenly it heard the whiz of an arrow and it felt itself wounded to death. Slowly it fluttered down to the Earth, with its lifeblood pouring out of it. Looking down upon the arrow with which it had been pierced, it found that the haft of the arrow had been feath-ered with one of its own plumes. 
‘‘Alas!’’ it cried, as it died, ‘‘We often give our enemies the means for our own destruc-tion.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, our enemies aren’t our colleagues across the aisle. Many support this bill and some are cospon-sors. Our enemies are not environ-mental extremists that are impeding science and causing some people to love our trees to death. Our enemy is not even the United States Senate. Mr. Chairman, our enemy is cata-strophic wildfire that destroys our for-ests. Our enemies are insects and dis-eases that kill our trees, and we are feathering their arrows with inaction. We are feathering their arrows with bu-reaucratic red tape. We are feathering their arrows with poor policy that are killing our forests, killing our commu-nities, and killing us every day. How much longer will we stand by and do nothing? I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to get behind this bill, pass it out of the House, and join me in relent-lessly encouraging the Senate to take action. Our forests, our rural communities, our environment, and all those areas, urban and rural alike, that are breath-ing the smoke and ash of our once mag-nificent forests need us to act. Every day that we delay, the problem gets worse and the enemies of the for-est are gaining ground. Please join me in this fight and pass this bill. Mr. Chair, I include in the R
ECORD  two letters. The first is from eight groups, including the Archery Trade Association; the second is from the Na-tional Association of State Foresters, both in support of H.R. 2936. 
JUNE26, 2017. Hon. R
OBBISHOP , Chairman, House Natural Resources Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. R
AULGRIJALVA , Ranking Democrat, House Natural Resources Committee, Washington, DC. D
EAR CHAIRMAN BISHOP AND CONG. GRI-
JALVA : Our organizations which represent millions of hunters, anglers, recreational shooters and other conservationists express our strong support for H.R. 2936, the Resil-ient Federal Forests Act of 2017. We respect-fully urge you to take expeditious Com-mittee action on H.R. 2936, which if enacted, will improve the health of our federal forests and reduce costly wildfires. Our nation’s fed-eral lands play a vital role in maintaining healthy forests that are resilient to threats at a landscape level from fire, pests, disease and insects. Through incentives and expe-dited process, consistent with informed science, the bill will help ensure that timber harvest and the creation of young forest habitat for wildlife remains viable on US Forest Service (USFS) and Bureau of Land Management (BLM) lands. Additionally, it remedies the budget fire-funding problem (borrowing from other line items) that our country faces when fighting catastrophic wildfires. Our organizations much appreciate that the fire-funding problem is addressed in HR 2936. While most catastrophic fires occur in the western United States, this is a national problem because the funds for every national forest and public land unit are affected. This remedy will prevent the USFS and BLM from having to borrow from other appro-priated budget line-items (for example, wild-fire prevention, wildlife, recreation and water quality) to pay for the cost of cata-strophic fire suppression, which cost now consumes over 50% of the USFS budget. We respectfully urge the Committee to further protect the USFS budget by capping the 10- year average of catastrophic fire costs at its current level. The USFS uses this 10-year av-erage to build their budget request for the President. The 10-year average continues to rise and unless it is capped it will continue to erode other important budget line items such as wildlife, water quality, fire preven-tion and recreation as the USFS constructs its budget request. All forest management plans are conducted with public input, and all projects undergo National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) analysis. The bill’s use of the Categorical Ex-clusion (CE) under the NEPA rules from the Council on Environmental Quality, will allow routine projects with known effects to be implemented more efficiently and cost-ef-fectively to achieve the forest’s desired fu-ture condition, as outlined in the forest man-agement plan. Certain forest management treatments previously analyzed under NEPA in order to deal with issues such as pests and disease, hazardous fuels, critical habitats for threatened or endangered species, salvage fa-cilitation, and water quality, do not need re- analysis on each similar project. These projects are routine, reoccurring activities with known effects, already fully analyzed and therefore qualify for CEs from repeated analysis. We also appreciate the increase in acreage ceilings for the statutorily endorsed CEs. Early successional stage forest habitat, for instance, cannot be just incidental to be ef-fective in providing habitat for deer, ruffed grouse, elk, wild turkey, neo-tropical migra-tory songbirds and other species which are dependent on this habitat type. While an acreage ceiling is an easy metric to measure success, the desired forest future condition should really determine the size of the man-agement activity. Additionally, as stated in the bill, all CEs must avoid sensitive areas and must be consistent with standards and guidelines in approved Forest Plans. Our organizations appreciate changes made to make more prominent in federal statute the states’ authority to manage fish and wildlife on USFS and BLM lands. Nothing in the bill language is intended to change any existing federal, state or tribal authority. It simply makes more evident the state-federal jurisdictional relationship which Congress has affirmed. Federal-state cooperation in this arena is compelled because the USFS and BLM own the land and thus the habitat, and the state fish and wildlife agencies man-age the fish and wildlife. Robust cooperation will provide that both land/habitat objec-tives and fish and wildlife population objec-tives are met. Additionally, our groups support the pro-posed common-sense amendments to the En-dangered Species Act (ESA). First, the bill overturns the Cottonwood decision, which di-rects that if additional critical habitat is designated under an approved forest plan or resource management plan, a section 7 pro-grammatic re-consultation of the entire for-est plan needs to be done. The US Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS) and the Obama Administration argued that the section 7 consultation needs only to be done on the portion of the project covering the addition-ally designated acreage of critical habitat. This remedy will greatly reduce the debili-tating process that the federal court decision directs. Second, the bill affirms that no ESA section 7 consultation is required if the USFS or BLM determine during informal consultation that the proposed action is ‘‘not likely to adversely affect a species or designated critical habitat’’, which is al-ready USFWS policy. And third, if any con-sultation on a categorical exclusion estab-lished by the bill is not concluded after 90 days, the action shall be considered to have not violated section 7(a)(2) of the ESA. We also support the bill’s provisions expe-diting large scale restoration after cata-strophic wildfires. We likewise support the prohibition on restraining orders and pre-liminary injunctions. It is imperative that we work to restore wildfire-impacted lands for the ecological health of the immediate area and surrounding landscape, protection of the watershed, and economic vitality of the local communities. Our organizations further appreciate the process relief provided to National Forest Plans and potentially Resources Manage-ment Plans developed by collaborative delib-eration. It is appropriate that a collabo-rative-developed plan, which often takes years to deliberate and conclude, be subject to only two options under NEPA, proceed or not proceed. It is very reasonable to assume that the collaboratively deliberated process has examined and rejected the other options, and only the action or no action alternatives need be analyzed. The bill’s establishment of a pilot binding arbitration process as an alternative to liti-gation in each Forest Service Region is cer-tainly welcomed. Not only is the cost of de-fending the land management plan a burden on the agencies, but the planned for manage-ment work on the ground is lost, perhaps never to be resurrected on that site. We find much merit in this improved approach as an alternative to the proposal in H.R. 2647 from the last Congress, and commend Cong. Westerman and the Committee for settling on this. Uninformed litigation has led to fed-eral forest management by the federal courts; we need to return forest management to the federal and state professionals with public input as provided for by the estab-lished processes. H.R. 2936 makes significant improvements to and would expedite the process that gov-erns approval of the USFS and BLM manage-ment plans. We urge that your Committee expeditiously report this bill from the Com-mittee to the House floor. We look forward to continuing to work with you to move this bill quickly through the legislative process. Thank you for your consideration of our community’s perspectives. Archery Trade Association, Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, (Boone and Crockett Club, Catch-a-Dream Foundation, Congressional Sportsmen’s Foundation, Con-servation Force, Council to Advance Hunting and the Shooting Sports, Delta Waterfowl, Houston Safari Club, Mule Deer Foundation, National Association of Forest Service Re-tirees, National Rifle Association. National Shooting Sports Foundation, Na-tional Wild Turkey Federation, Professional Outfitters and Guides Association, Public 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.078 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8340 November 1, 2017 
Lands Foundation, Quality Deer Manage-ment Association, Rocky Mountain Elk Foundation, Ruffed Grouse Society, Safari Club International, Whitetails Unlimited, Wild Sheep Foundation, Wildlife Forever, Wildlife Management Institute, Wildlife Mis-sissippi. 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  S
TATE FORESTERS , Washington, DC, June 13, 2017. Chairman R
OBBISHOP , House Natural Resources Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Ranking Member R
AU´LM. G RIJALVA , House Natural Resources Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BISHOP AND RANKING MEM-
BERGRIJALVA : The National Association of State Foresters (NASF) is pleased to provide comments on the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017. NASF represents the heads of state forestry agencies in all fifty states, the District of Columbia and the US Territories. Through the development of comprehensive State Forest Action Plans our members maintain a broad view of the full set of for-estry ownerships within their authority, in-cluding federally owned forest lands. For citizens of the United States to realize a full set of forest related benefits, federal lands need to provide a complete and balanced set of environmental, economic and social val-ues. In February of 2016 our organization adopt-ed a formal position on desired reforms to federal land management policy. Sugges-tions are organized around: Reforms that would allow federal lands to develop a more balanced set of social, envi-ronmental and economic benefits; Reforms that would lower the costs of agency administration, planning, regulatory compliance and litigation, and Reforms that would enable vegetation management to be carried out at a scope, scale and pace sufficient to create more sus-tainable and resilient landscape conditions. We feel this bill would indeed create the end results our members support as our members want to see more active manage-ment of federal forest lands. Expedited plan-ning and analysis, prompt response to cata-strophic events, alternative dispute resolu-tion, greater collaboration and less costly litigation are all outcomes that for which we strongly advocate. In addition, we’re encour-aged to see some desired modification to Good Neighbor Authority allowing road re-pair to be part of cooperative projects, as well as support for giving the land manage-ment agencies the opportunity to make their own determinations of endangered species jeopardy or adverse effects. Finally, NASF appreciates that this discussion draft recog-nizes the need to solve the wildfire suppres-sion funding issue. We look forward to work-ing with the House Natural Resources Sub-committee on Federal Lands and Congress-man Bruce Westerman to ensure that a solu-tion addresses both fire borrowing and the erosion of the Forest Service’s budget over- time due to increasing wildfire suppression costs. We recently provided comments on federal land management reform to the House Nat-ural Resources Committee’s Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. One addi-tional suggestion we made there and would repeat here is to ‘‘Require that National For-est Management Plans specifically address how they support State Forest Action Plans. In addition, encourage regular consultation with State Foresters by National Forest Sys-tem leadership to ensure their annual pro-grams of work are dovetailed where appro-priate.’’ Thank you for this opportunity to com-ment. We would be happy to answer any questions or provide any additional informa-tion that might be of assistance. Sincerely, BILLCRAPSER , Wyoming State Forester, President of the National Association of State Foresters. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I voted for last Con-gress’ version of this bill, one of 19 Democrats to do so. It wasn’t perfect, but the bill was step in the right direction. I hoped the Senate would improve it and we would finally make needed changes forest management and fix ‘‘fire borrowing.’’ But the Senate never acted on it, or on any other forest management bill. In the 113th Congress, I worked with Reps. Schrader and Walden and crafted a bipartisan bill to create a long-term solution to properly manage statutorily unique forestlands in West-ern Oregon. It would have devoted nearly 1.3 million acres for sustainable timber production for local mills, created thousands of private sector jobs, and provided much-needed rev-enue for our rural counties. The legislation was included in a larger bill which passed the House in September 2014. Again, the Senate failed to act. Like last Congress, there are provisions in this bill I support. However, there are provi-sions that I cannot support. For example, the bill doubles the amount of acres exempt from nearly all environmental analysis for projects up to 10,000 acres, and in some cases 30,000 acres, nearly 47 square miles. I agree there is a need to need to increase the pace and size of forest restoration projects. But the Forest Service and BLM al-ready have many tools to accomplish more management objectives. What they need is funding to complete projects. In fact, Forest Service NEPA experts have initiated a com-prehensive review to determine opportunities, already allowed under law, to increase effi-ciencies and management tools to expedite environmental review, including proposing new categorical exclusions. It’s true that in some cases the Forest Serv-ice and BLM don’t use authority they have be-cause of legitimate concerns about the threat of litigation and the accompanying expenses it incurs. But it is disingenuous for us to claim that this bill, or any forest management bill, is a miraculous fix to harvest more timber, im-prove forest restoration, or reduce fuels to re-duce the threat of catastrophic wildfires, with-out Congress providing funding to do so. In fact, according to the Forest Service, in Or-egon there are over 1.8 million acres of treat-ment projects that are ‘‘shovel ready,’’ mean-ing all environmental analysis has been com-pleted. But they stay on the shelf, because the Forest Service doesn’t have the funds to com-plete them. We’ve all seen the destruction from this year’s severe fire season. Homes and busi-nesses were destroyed, and dozens of lives were lost in Northern California. In my district, over 300,000 acres burned. The Forest Serv-ice says that nationally there are now more than 44 million homes are within the Wildland Urban Interface, at high risk of burning in a wildfire. In 2004, Congress passed, on a bipartisan basis, the Healthy Forests Restoration Act, which if properly implemented would go a long way to reduce the threat of wildfires in our communities. It authorized up to 20 million acres to be treated to remove hazard fuels in the Wildland and Urban Interface, as well as protect municipal water supplies from cata-strophic wildfires. We authorized $760 million annually to perform the work. So far, thirteen years later, only 2.5 million acres have been treated. Why is that? We have never come close to appropriating enough funding to get the job done. In Fiscal Year 2017, Congress appro-priated $390 million for hazardous fuels reduc-tion. As always, I stand ready to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to im-prove forest management and help our rural communities get back on their feet. But it must be balanced approach. Unfortunately, this bill is not a balanced approach. The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-eral debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. In lieu of the amendments in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Agriculture and the Committee on Natural Resources, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5- minute rule an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–36. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 2936 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. Sec. 3. Rule of application for National Forest System lands and public lands. TITLE I—EXPEDITED ENVIRONMENTAL ANALYSIS AND AVAILABILITY OF CAT-EGORICAL EXCLUSIONS TO EXPEDITE FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES Subtitle A—Analysis of Proposed Collaborative Forest Management Activities Sec. 101. Analysis of only two alternatives (ac-tion versus no action) in proposed collaborative forest management activities. Subtitle B—Categorical Exclusions Sec. 111. Categorical exclusion to expedite cer-tain critical response actions. Sec. 112. Categorical exclusion to expedite sal-vage operations in response to catastrophic events. Sec. 113. Categorical exclusion to meet forest plan goals for early successional forests. Sec. 114. Categorical exclusion for road side projects. Sec. 115. Categorical exclusion to improve or re-store National Forest System Lands or public land or reduce the risk of wildfire. Subtitle C—General Provisions for Forest Management Activities Sec. 121. Compliance with forest plans. Sec. 122. Consultation under the National His-toric Preservation Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.032 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8341 November 1, 2017 
Sec. 123. Consultation under the Endangered Species Act. Sec. 124. Forest management activities consid-ered non-discretionary actions. TITLE II—SALVAGE AND REFORESTATION IN RESPONSE TO CATASTROPHIC EVENTS Sec. 201. Expedited salvage operations and re-forestation activities following large-scale catastrophic events. Sec. 202. Compliance with forest plan. Sec. 203. Prohibition on restraining orders, pre-liminary injunctions, and injunc-tions pending appeal. TITLE III—FOREST MANAGEMENT LITIGATION Subtitle A—General Litigation Provisions Sec. 301. No attorney fees for forest manage-ment activity challenges. Sec. 302. Injunctive relief. Subtitle B—Forest Management Activity Arbitration Pilot Program Sec. 311. Use of arbitration instead of litigation to address challenges to forest management activities. TITLE IV—SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS AND COMMUNITY SELF-DETERMINATION ACT AMENDMENTS Sec. 401. Use of reserved funds for title II projects on Federal land and cer-tain non-Federal land. Sec. 402. Resource advisory committees. Sec. 403. Program for title II self-sustaining re-source advisory committee projects. Sec. 404. Additional authorized use of reserved funds for title III county projects. Sec. 405. Treatment as supplemental funding. TITLE V—STEWARDSHIP END RESULT CONTRACTING Sec. 501. Cancellation ceilings for stewardship end result contracting projects. Sec. 502. Excess offset value. Sec. 503. Payment of portion of stewardship project revenues to county in which stewardship project occurs. Sec. 504. Submission of existing annual report. Sec. 505. Fire liability provision. Sec. 506. Extension of stewardship contracting maximum term limits. TITLE VI—ADDITIONAL FUNDING SOURCES FOR FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES Sec. 601. Definitions. Sec. 602. Availability of stewardship project revenues and Collaborative Forest Landscape Restoration Fund to cover forest management activity planning costs. Sec. 603. State-supported planning of forest management activities. TITLE VII—TRIBAL FORESTRY PARTICIPATION AND PROTECTION Sec. 701. Protection of Tribal forest assets through use of stewardship end result contracting and other au-thorities. Sec. 702. Management of Indian forest land au-thorized to include related Na-tional Forest System lands and public lands. Sec. 703. Tribal forest management demonstra-tion project. Sec. 704. Rule of application. TITLE VIII— EXPEDITING INTERAGENCY CONSULTATION Subtitle A—Forest Plans Not Considered Major Federal Actions Sec. 801. Forest plans not considered major Federal actions. Subtitle B—Agency Consultation Sec. 811. Consultation under Forest and Range-land Renewable Resources Plan-ning Act of 1974. Sec. 812. Consultation under Federal Land Pol-icy and Management Act of 1976. TITLE IX—MISCELLANEOUS Subtitle A—Forest Management Provisions Sec. 901. Clarification of existing categorical ex-clusion authority related to insect and disease infestation. Sec. 902. Revision of alternate consultation agreement regulations. Sec. 903. Revision of extraordinary cir-cumstances regulations. Sec. 904. Conditions on Forest Service road de-commissioning. Sec. 905. Prohibition on application of Eastside Screens requirements on National Forest System lands. Sec. 906. Use of site-specific forest plan amend-ments for certain projects and ac-tivities. Sec. 907. Knutson-Vandenberg Act modifica-tions. Sec. 908. Application of Northwest Forest Plan Survey and Manage Mitigation Measure Standard and Guide-lines. Sec. 909. Reconstruction and repair included in good neighbor agreements. Sec. 910. Logging and mechanized operations. Subtitle B—Oregon and California Railroad Grant Lands and Coos Bay Wagon Road Grant Lands Sec. 911. Amendments to the Act of August 28, 1937. Sec. 912. Oregon and California Railroad Grant Lands and Coos Bay Wagon Road Grant lands permanent rights of access. Sec. 913. Management of Bureau of Land Man-agement lands in Western Oregon. Subtitle C—Timber Innovation Sec. 921. Definitions. Sec. 922. Clarification of research and develop-ment program for wood building construction. TITLE X—MAJOR DISASTER FOR WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LAND Sec. 1001. Wildfire on Federal lands. 
Sec. 1002. Declaration of a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands. Sec. 1003. Prohibition on transfers. TITLE XI—DISASTER RELIEF AND WILDFIRE ADJUSTMENT Sec. 1101. Increase in maximum adjustment to accommodate wildfire funding. 
SEC. 2. DEFINITIONS. 
In titles I through IX: (1) C
ATASTROPHIC EVENT .—The term ‘‘cata-strophic event’’ means any natural disaster (such as hurricane, tornado, windstorm, snow or ice storm, rain storm, high water, wind-driv-en water, tidal wave, earthquake, volcanic eruption, landslide, mudslide, drought, or insect or disease outbreak) or any fire, flood, or explo-sion, regardless of cause. (2) C
OLLABORATIVE PROCESS .—The term ‘‘col-laborative process’’ refers to a process relating to the management of National Forest System lands or public lands by which a project or for-est management activity is developed and imple-mented by the Secretary concerned through col-laboration with interested persons, as described in section 603(b)(1)(C) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b(b)(1)(C)). (3) C
OMMUNITY WILDFIRE PROTECTION PLAN .— The term ‘‘community wildfire protection plan’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511). (4) C
OOS BAY WAGON ROAD GRANT LANDS .—The term ‘‘Coos Bay Wagon Road Grant lands’’ means the lands reconveyed to the United States pursuant to the first section of the Act of Feb-ruary 26, 1919 (40 Stat. 1179). (5) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITY .—The term ‘‘forest management activity’’ means a project or activity carried out by the Secretary con-cerned on National Forest System lands or pub-lic lands consistent with the forest plan covering the lands. (6) FOREST PLAN .—The term ‘‘forest plan’’ means— (A) a land use plan prepared by the Bureau of Land Management for public lands pursuant to section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712); or (B) a land and resource management plan prepared by the Forest Service for a unit of the National Forest System pursuant to section 6 of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). (7) L
ARGE-SCALE CATASTROPHIC EVENT .—The term ‘‘large-scale catastrophic event’’ means a catastrophic event that adversely impacts at least 5,000 acres of reasonably contiguous Na-tional Forest System lands or public lands, as determined by the Secretary concerned. (8) N
ATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘Na-tional Forest System’’ has the meaning given that term in section 11(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1609(a)). (9) O
REGON AND CALIFORNIA RAILROAD GRANT  
LANDS .—The term ‘‘Oregon and California Rail-road Grant lands’’ means the following lands: (A) All lands in the State of Oregon revested in the United States under the Act of June 9, 1916 (39 Stat. 218), that are administered by the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Bureau of Land Management, pursuant to the first section of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181a). (B) All lands in that State obtained by the Secretary of the Interior pursuant to the land exchanges authorized and directed by section 2 of the Act of June 24, 1954 (43 U.S.C. 1181h). (C) All lands in that State acquired by the United States at any time and made subject to the provisions of title II of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181f). (10) P
UBLIC LANDS .—The term ‘‘public lands’’ has the meaning given that term in section 103 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702), except that the term includes Coos Bay Wagon Road Grant lands and Oregon and California Railroad Grant lands. (11) R
EFORESTATION ACTIVITY .—The term ‘‘re-forestation activity’’ means a project or forest management activity carried out by the Sec-retary concerned whose primary purpose is the reforestation of impacted lands following a large-scale catastrophic event. The term in-cludes planting, evaluating and enhancing nat-ural regeneration, clearing competing vegeta-tion, and other activities related to reestablish-ment of forest species on the impacted lands. (12) R
ESOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘resource advisory committee’’ has the meaning given that term in section 201 of the Se-cure Rural Schools and Community Self-Deter-mination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7121). (13) S
ALVAGE OPERATION .—The term ‘‘salvage operation’’ means a forest management activity and restoration activities carried out in response to a catastrophic event where the primary pur-pose is— (A) to prevent wildfire as a result of the cata-strophic event, or, if the catastrophic event was wildfire, to prevent a re-burn of the fire-im-pacted area; (B) to provide an opportunity for utilization of forest materials damaged as a result of the catastrophic event; or (C) to provide a funding source for reforest-ation and other restoration activities for the Na-tional Forest System lands or public lands im-pacted by the catastrophic event. (14) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-retary concerned’’ means— (A) the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to National Forest System lands; and (B) the Secretary of the Interior, with respect to public lands. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.035 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8342 November 1, 2017 
SEC. 3. RULE OF APPLICATION FOR NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LANDS AND PUBLIC LANDS. 
Unless specifically provided by a provision of titles I through IX, the authorities provided by such titles do not apply with respect to any Na-tional Forest System lands or public lands— (1) that are included in the National Wilder-ness Preservation System; (2) that are located within a national or State-specific inventoried roadless area estab-lished by the Secretary of Agriculture through regulation, unless— (A) the forest management activity to be car-ried out under such authority is consistent with the forest plan applicable to the area; or (B) the Secretary concerned determines the activity is allowed under the applicable roadless rule governing such lands; or (3) on which timber harvesting for any pur-pose is prohibited by Federal statute. TITLE I—EXPEDITED ENVIRONMENTAL ANALYSIS AND AVAILABILITY OF CAT-EGORICAL EXCLUSIONS TO EXPEDITE FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES Subtitle A—Analysis of Proposed Collaborative Forest Management Activities 
SEC. 101. ANALYSIS OF ONLY TWO ALTERNATIVES (ACTION VERSUS NO ACTION) IN PROPOSED COLLABORATIVE FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) A PPLICATION TO CERTAIN ENVIRONMENTAL  A
SSESSMENTS AND ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT  S
TATEMENTS .—This section shall apply when-ever the Secretary concerned prepares an envi-ronmental assessment or an environmental im-pact statement pursuant to section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332) for a forest management activity that— (1) is developed through a collaborative proc-ess; (2) is proposed by a resource advisory com-mittee; (3) will occur on lands identified by the Sec-retary concerned as suitable for timber produc-tion; (4) will occur on lands designated by the Sec-retary (or designee thereof) pursuant to section 602(b) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591a(b)), notwithstanding whether such forest management activity is ini-tiated prior to September 30, 2018; or (5) is covered by a community wildfire protec-tion plan. (b) C
ONSIDERATION OF ALTERNATIVES .—In an environmental assessment or environmental im-pact statement described in subsection (a), the Secretary concerned shall study, develop, and describe only the following two alternatives: (1) The forest management activity. (2) The alternative of no action. (c) E
LEMENTS OF NOACTION ALTERNATIVE .— In the case of the alternative of no action, the Secretary concerned shall consider whether to evaluate— (1) the effect of no action on— (A) forest health; (B) habitat diversity; (C) wildfire potential; (D) insect and disease potential; and (E) timber production; and (2) the implications of a resulting decline in forest health, loss of habitat diversity, wildfire, or insect or disease infestation, given fire and insect and disease historic cycles, on— (A) domestic water supply in the project area; (B) wildlife habitat loss; and (C) other economic and social factors. Subtitle B—Categorical Exclusions 
SEC. 111. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION TO EXPE-DITE CERTAIN CRITICAL RESPONSE ACTIONS. 
(a) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION ESTABLISHED .— Forest management activities described in sub-section (b) are a category of actions hereby des-ignated as being categorically excluded from the preparation of an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement under sec-tion 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). (b) FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES DES-
IGNATED FOR CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION .—The forest management activities designated under this section for a categorical exclusion are forest management activities carried out by the Sec-retary concerned on National Forest System lands or public lands where the primary purpose of such activity is— (1) to address an insect or disease infestation; (2) to reduce hazardous fuel loads; (3) to protect a municipal water source; (4) to maintain, enhance, or modify critical habitat to protect it from catastrophic disturb-ances; (5) to increase water yield; (6) produce timber; or (7) any combination of the purposes specified in paragraphs (1) through (6). (c) A
VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned may use the categorical exclusion established under sub-section (a) in accordance with this section. (d) A
CREAGE LIMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except in the case of a forest management activity described in paragraph (2), a forest management activity covered by the cat-egorical exclusion established under subsection (a) may not contain treatment units exceeding a total of 10,000 acres. (2) L
ARGER AREAS AUTHORIZED .—A forest management activity covered by the categorical exclusion established under subsection (a) may contain treatment units exceeding a total of 10,000 acres but not more than a total of 30,000 acres if the forest management activity— (A) is developed through a collaborative proc-ess; (B) is proposed by a resource advisory com-mittee; or (C) is covered by a community wildfire protec-tion plan. 
SEC. 112. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION TO EXPE-DITE SALVAGE OPERATIONS IN RE-SPONSE TO CATASTROPHIC EVENTS. 
(a) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION ESTABLISHED .— Salvage operations carried out by the Secretary concerned on National Forest System lands or public lands are a category of actions hereby designated as being categorically excluded from the preparation of an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement under section 102 of the National Environmental Pol-icy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). (b) A
VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned may use the categorical exclusion established under sub-section (a) in accordance with this section. (c) A
CREAGE LIMITATION .—A salvage oper-ation covered by the categorical exclusion estab-lished under subsection (a) may not contain treatment units exceeding a total of 10,000 acres. (d) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— (1) S
TREAM BUFFERS .—A salvage operation covered by the categorical exclusion established under subsection (a) shall comply with the standards and guidelines for stream buffers con-tained in the applicable forest plan unless waived by the Regional Forester, in the case of National Forest System lands, or the State Di-rector of the Bureau of Land Management, in the case of public lands. (2) R
EFORESTATION PLAN .—A reforestation plan shall be developed under section 3 of the Act of June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the Knutson-Vandenberg Act; 16 U.S.C. 576b), as part of a salvage operation covered by the cat-egorical exclusion established under subsection (a). 
SEC. 113. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION TO MEET FOREST PLAN GOALS FOR EARLY SUCCESSIONAL FORESTS. 
(a) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION ESTABLISHED .— Forest management activities described in sub-section (b) are a category of actions hereby des-ignated as being categorically excluded from the preparation of an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement under sec-tion 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). (b) FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES DES-
IGNATED FOR CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION .—The forest management activities designated under this section for a categorical exclusion are forest management activities carried out by the Sec-retary concerned on National Forest System lands or public lands where the primary purpose of such activity is to modify, improve, enhance, or create early successional forests for wildlife habitat improvement and other purposes, con-sistent with the applicable forest plan. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned may use the categorical exclusion established under sub-section (a) in accordance with this section. (d) P
ROJECT GOALS.—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary concerned shall de-sign a forest management activity under this section to meet early successional forest goals in such a manner so as to maximize production and regeneration of priority species, as identi-fied in the forest plan and consistent with the capability of the activity site. (e) A
CREAGE LIMITATIONS .—A forest manage-ment activity covered by the categorical exclu-sion established under subsection (a) may not contain treatment units exceeding a total of 10,000 acres. 
SEC. 114. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION FOR ROAD SIDE PROJECTS. 
(a) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION ESTABLISHED .— Projects carried out by the Secretary concerned to remove hazard trees or to salvage timber for purposes of the protection of public health or safety, water supply, or public infrastructure are a category of actions hereby designated as being categorically excluded from the prepara-tion of an environmental assessment or an envi-ronmental impact statement under section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). (b) A
VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned may use the categorical exclusion established under sub-section (a) in accordance with this section. (c) H
EALTHY FORESTS RESTORATION ACTRE-
QUIREMENTS .— (1) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .—A project that is categorically excluded under this section shall be subject to the requirements of subsections (d), (e), and (f) of section 603 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591). (2) H
AZARDOUS FUEL REDUCTION ON FEDERAL  
LAND .—A project that is categorically excluded under this section shall be subject to the re-quirements of sections 102, 104, 105, and 106 of title I of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6511 et seq.). 
SEC. 115. CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION TO IMPROVE OR RESTORE NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LANDS OR PUBLIC LAND OR REDUCE THE RISK OF WILDFIRE. 
(a) C ATEGORICAL EXCLUSION ESTABLISHED .— Forest management activities described in sub-section (b) are a category of actions hereby des-ignated as being categorically excluded from the preparation of an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement under sec-tion 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). (b) F
OREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES DES-
IGNATED FOR CATEGORICAL EXCLUSION .— (1) D
ESIGNATION .—The forest management ac-tivities designated under this section for a cat-egorical exclusion are forest management activi-ties described in paragraph (2) that are carried out by the Secretary concerned on National For-est System Lands or public lands where the pri-mary purpose of such activity is to improve or restore such lands or reduce the risk of wildfire on those lands. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.035 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8343 November 1, 2017 
(2) A CTIVITIES AUTHORIZED .—The follow ac-tivities may be carried out pursuant to the cat-egorical exclusion established under subsection (a): (A) Removal of juniper trees, medusahead rye, conifer trees, pin˜on pine trees, cheatgrass, and other noxious or invasive weeds specified on Federal or State noxious weeds lists through late-season livestock grazing, targeted livestock grazing, prescribed burns, and mechanical treat-ments. (B) Performance of hazardous fuels manage-ment. (C) Creation of fuel and fire breaks. (D) Modification of existing fences in order to distribute livestock and help improve wildlife habitat. (E) Installation of erosion control devices. (F) Construction of new and maintenance of permanent infrastructure, including stock ponds, water catchments, and water spring boxes used to benefit livestock and improve wild-life habitat. (G) Performance of soil treatments, native and non-native seeding, and planting of and trans-planting sagebrush, grass, forb, shrub, and other species. (H) Use of herbicides, so long as the Secretary concerned determines that the activity is other-wise conducted consistently with agency proce-dures, including any forest plan applicable to the area covered by the activity. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF CATEGORICAL EXCLU -
SION.—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned may use the categorical exclusion established under sub-section (a) in accordance with this section. (d) A
CREAGE LIMITATIONS .—A forest manage-ment activity covered by the categorical exclu-sion established under subsection (a) may not exceed 10,000 acres. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) H
AZARDOUS FUELS MANAGEMENT .—The term ‘‘hazardous fuels management’’ means any vegetation management activities that reduce the risk of wildfire. (2) L
ATE-SEASON GRAZING .—The term ‘‘late- season grazing’’ means grazing activities that occur after both the invasive species and native perennial species have completed their current- year annual growth cycle until new plant growth begins to appear in the following year. (3) T
ARGETED LIVESTOCK GRAZING .—The term ‘‘targeted livestock grazing’’ means grazing used for purposes of hazardous fuel reduction. Subtitle C—General Provisions for Forest Management Activities 
SEC. 121. COMPLIANCE WITH FOREST PLANS. 
A forest management activity carried out pur-suant to this Act shall be conducted in a man-ner consistent with the forest plan applicable to the National Forest System land or public lands covered by the forest management activity. 
SEC. 122. CONSULTATION UNDER THE NATIONAL HISTORIC PRESERVATION ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary concerned shall each develop, in con-sultation with relevant consulting parties, a programmatic agreement or other appropriate program alternative pursuant to section 800.14 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations, or suc-cessor regulation, for expediting reviews under section 306108 of title 54, United States Code, for forest management activities carried out pursu-ant to this Act. (b) R
EQUIREMENT .—A programmatic agree-ment or other program alternative developed under subsection (a) shall incorporate the con-cepts of phased identification and evaluation set forth in section 800.4(b)(2) of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations, or successor regulation. 
SEC. 123. CONSULTATION UNDER THE ENDAN-GERED SPECIES ACT. 
(a) N OCONSULTATION IF ACTION NOTLIKELY  T
OADVERSELY AFFECT A LISTED SPECIES OR  D
ESIGNATED CRITICAL HABITAT .—With respect to a forest management activity carried out pur-suant to this Act, consultation under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) shall not be required if the Secretary con-cerned determines that the such forest manage-ment activity is not likely to adversely affect a listed species or designated critical habitat. (b) EXPEDITED CONSULTATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to a forest man-agement activity carried out pursuant to this Act, consultation required under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) shall be concluded within the 90-day period be-ginning on the date on which such consultation was requested by the Secretary concerned. (2) N
O CONCLUSION .—In the case of a con-sultation described in paragraph (1) that is not concluded within the 90-day period, the forest management activity for which such consulta-tion was initiated— (A) shall be considered to have not violated section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536(a)(2)); and (B) may be carried out. 
SEC. 124. FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES CON-SIDERED NON-DISCRETIONARY AC-TIONS. 
For purposes of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), a forest manage-ment activity carried out by the Secretary con-cerned pursuant to this Act shall be considered a non-discretionary action. TITLE II—SALVAGE AND REFORESTATION IN RESPONSE TO CATASTROPHIC EVENTS 
SEC. 201. EXPEDITED SALVAGE OPERATIONS AND REFORESTATION ACTIVITIES FOL-LOWING LARGE-SCALE CATA-STROPHIC EVENTS. 
(a) E XPEDITED ENVIRONMENTAL ASSESS -
MENT .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an environmental assessment prepared by the Secretary concerned pursuant to section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332) for a salvage operation or reforestation activity proposed to be conducted on National Forest System lands or public lands adversely impacted by a large-scale catastrophic event shall be completed within 60 days after the conclusion of the catastrophic event. (b) E
XPEDITED IMPLEMENTATION AND COMPLE -
TION.—In the case of reforestation activities conducted on National Forest System lands or public lands adversely impacted by a large-scale catastrophic event, the Secretary concerned shall, to the maximum extent practicable, achieve reforestation of at least 75 percent of the impacted lands during the 5-year period fol-lowing the conclusion of the catastrophic event. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF KNUTSON -VANDENBERG  F
UNDS.—Amounts in the special fund estab-lished pursuant to section 3 of the Act of June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the Knutson-Van-denberg Act; 16 U.S.C. 576b) shall be available to the Secretary of Agriculture for reforestation activities authorized by this title. (d) T
IMELINE FOR PUBLIC INPUT PROCESS .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in the case of a salvage operation or reforestation activity proposed to be conducted on National Forest System lands or public lands adversely impacted by a large-scale catastrophic event, the Secretary concerned shall allow 30 days for public scoping and comment, 15 days for filing an objection, and 15 days for the agency re-sponse to the filing of an objection. Upon com-pletion of this process and expiration of the pe-riod specified in subsection (a), the Secretary concerned shall implement the project imme-diately. 
SEC. 202. COMPLIANCE WITH FOREST PLAN. 
A salvage operation or reforestation activity authorized by this title shall be conducted in a manner consistent with the forest plan applica-ble to the National Forest System lands or pub-lic lands covered by the salvage operation or re-forestation activity. SEC. 203. PROHIBITION ON RESTRAINING OR-DERS, PRELIMINARY INJUNCTIONS, AND INJUNCTIONS PENDING AP-PEAL. 
No restraining order, preliminary injunction, or injunction pending appeal shall be issued by any court of the United States with respect to any decision to prepare or conduct a salvage op-eration or reforestation activity in response to a large-scale catastrophic event. Section 705 of title 5, United States Code, shall not apply to any challenge to the salvage operation or refor-estation activity. TITLE III—FOREST MANAGEMENT LITIGATION Subtitle A—General Litigation Provisions 
SEC. 301. NO ATTORNEY FEES FOR FOREST MAN-AGEMENT ACTIVITY CHALLENGES. 
Notwithstanding section 1304 of title 31, United States Code, no award may be made under section 2412 of title 28, United States Code, and no amounts may be obligated or ex-pended from the Claims and Judgment Fund of the United States Treasury to pay any fees or other expenses under such sections to any plain-tiff related to an action challenging a forest management activity carried out pursuant to this Act. 
SEC. 302. INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. 
(a) B ALANCING SHORT - AND LONG-TERM EF-
FECTS OF FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES IN  C
ONSIDERING INJUNCTIVE RELIEF .—As part of its weighing the equities while considering any re-quest for an injunction that applies to any agency action as part of a forest management activity under titles I through IX, the court re-viewing the agency action shall balance the im-pact to the ecosystem likely affected by the for-est management activity of— (1) the short- and long-term effects of under-taking the agency action; against (2) the short- and long-term effects of not un-dertaking the action. (b) T
IME LIMITATIONS FOR INJUNCTIVE RE-
LIEF.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2) the length of any preliminary injunctive relief and stays pending appeal that applies to any agency action as part of a forest management activity under titles I through IX, shall not exceed 60 days. (2) R
ENEWAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A court of competent juris-diction may issue one or more renewals of any preliminary injunction, or stay pending appeal, granted under paragraph (1). (B) U
PDATES .—In each renewal of an injunc-tion in an action, the parties to the action shall present the court with updated information on the status of the authorized forest management activity. Subtitle B—Forest Management Activity Arbitration Pilot Program 
SEC. 311. USE OF ARBITRATION INSTEAD OF LITI-GATION TO ADDRESS CHALLENGES TO FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) D ISCRETIONARY ARBITRATION PROCESS  P
ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Agri-culture, with respect to National Forest System lands, and the Secretary of the Interior, with re-spect to public lands, shall each establish a dis-cretionary arbitration pilot program as an alter-native dispute resolution process in lieu of judi-cial review for the activities described in para-graph (2). (2) A
CTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—The Secretary concerned, at the sole discretion of the Sec-retary, may designate objections or protests to forest management activities for arbitration under the arbitration pilot program established under paragraph (1). (3) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF ARBITRATIONS .— Under the arbitration pilot program, the Sec-retary concerned may not arbitrate more than 10 objections or protests to forest management ac-tivities in a fiscal year in— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.035 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8344 November 1, 2017 
(A) each Forest Service Region; and (B) each State Region of the Bureau of Land Management. (4) D
ETERMINING AMOUNT OF ARBITRATIONS .— An objection or protest to a forest management activity shall not be counted towards the limita-tion on number of arbitrations under paragraph (3) unless— (A) on the date such objection or protest is designated for arbitration, the forest manage-ment activity for which such objection or protest is filed has not been the subject of arbitration proceedings under the pilot program; and (B) the arbitration proceeding has commenced with respect to such objection or protest. (5) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot programs estab-lished pursuant to paragraph (1) shall terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) I
NTERVENING PARTIES .— (1) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Any person that sub-mitted a public comment on the forest manage-ment activity that is subject to arbitration may intervene in the arbitration— (A) by endorsing— (i) the forest management activity; or (ii) the modification proposal submitted under subparagraph (B); or (B) by submitting a proposal to further modify the forest management activity. (2) D
EADLINE FOR SUBMISSION .—With respect to an objection or protest that is designated for arbitration under this subsection (a), a request to intervene in an arbitration must be submitted not later than the date that is 30 days after the date on which such objection or protest was des-ignated for arbitration. (3) M
ULTIPLE PARTIES .—Multiple intervening parties may submit a joint proposal so long as each intervening party meets the eligibility re-quirements of paragraph (1). (c) A
PPOINTMENT OF ARBITRATOR .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Secretary of Agri-culture and the Secretary of the Interior shall jointly develop and publish a list of not fewer than 20 individuals eligible to serve as arbitra-tors for the pilot programs under this section. (2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—In order to be eligible to serve as an arbitrator under this subsection, an individual shall be, on the date of the appoint-ment of such arbitrator— (A) certified by the American Arbitration As-sociation; and (B) not a registered lobbyist. (3) S
ELECTION OF ARBITRATOR .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—For each arbitration com-menced under this section, the Secretary con-cerned and each applicable objector or protestor shall agree, not later than 14 days after the agreement process is initiated, on a mutually ac-ceptable arbitrator from the list published under subsection. (B) A
PPOINTMENT AFTER 14 -DAYS.—In the case of an agreement with respect to a mutually ac-ceptable arbitrator not being reached within the 14-day limit described in subparagraph (A), the Secretary concerned shall appoint an arbitrator from the list published under this subsection. (d) S
ELECTION OF PROPOSALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The arbitrator appointed under subsection (c)— (A) may not modify any of the proposals sub-mitted with the objection, protest, or request to intervene; and (B) shall select to be conducted— (i) the forest management activity, as ap-proved by the Secretary; or (ii) a proposal submitted by an objector or an intervening party. (2) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—An arbitrator shall, when selecting a proposal, consider— (A) whether the proposal is consistent with the applicable forest plan, laws, and regula-tions; (B) whether the proposal can be carried out by the Secretary concerned; and (C) the effect of each proposal on— (i) forest health; (ii) habitat diversity; (iii) wildfire potential; (iv) insect and disease potential; (v) timber production; and (vi) the implications of a resulting decline in forest health, loss of habitat diversity, wildfire, or insect or disease infestation, given fire and insect and disease historic cycles, on— (I) domestic water costs; (II) wildlife habitat loss; and (III) other economic and social factors. (e) EFFECT OF DECISION .—The decision of an arbitrator with respect to the forest management activity— (1) shall not be considered a major Federal ac-tion; (2) shall be binding; and (3) shall not be subject to judicial review, ex-cept as provided in section 10(a) of title 9, United States Code. (f) D
EADLINE FOR COMPLETION .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the arbi-tration is filed with respect to the forest man-agement activity, the arbitration process shall be completed. TITLE IV—SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS AND COMMUNITY SELF-DETERMINATION ACT AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 401. USE OF RESERVED FUNDS FOR TITLE II PROJECTS ON FEDERAL LAND AND CERTAIN NON-FEDERAL LAND. 
(a) R EPEAL OF MERCHANTABLE TIMBER CON-
TRACTING PILOT PROGRAM .—Section 204(e) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self- Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7124(e)) is amended by striking paragraph (3). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROJECT FUNDS.—Sec- tion 204(f) of the Secure Rural Schools and Com-munity Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7124(f)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROJECT FUNDS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary concerned shall ensure that at least 50 percent of the project funds reserved by a participating county under section 102(d) shall be available only for projects that— ‘‘(A) include the sale of timber or other forest products, reduce fire risks, or improve water supplies; and ‘‘(B) implement stewardship objectives that enhance forest ecosystems or restore and im-prove land health and water quality. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The requirement in paragraph (1) shall apply only to project funds reserved by a participating county whose boundaries include Federal land that the Sec-retary concerned determines has been subject to a timber or other forest products program within 5 fiscal years before the fiscal year in which the funds are reserved.’’. 
SEC. 402. RESOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEES. 
(a) R ECOGNITION OF RESOURCE ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEES .—Section 205(a)(4) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determina-tion Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125(a)(4)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘2012’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2022’’. (b) R
EDUCTION IN COMPOSITION OF COMMIT -
TEES.—Section 205(d) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘15 members’’ and inserting ‘‘9 members’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘5 persons’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘3 persons’’. (c) E
XPANDING LOCAL PARTICIPATION ON COM-
MITTEES .—Section 205(d) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, consistent with the requirements of paragraph (4)’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) G
EOGRAPHIC DISTRIBUTION .—The members of a resource advisory committee shall reside within the county or counties in which the com-mittee has jurisdiction or an adjacent county.’’. (d) APPOINTMENT OF RESOURCE ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEES BY APPLICABLE DESIGNEE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 205 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determina-tion Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7125) is further amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(or applica-ble designee)’’ after ‘‘The Secretary concerned’’; (ii) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘(or appli-cable designee)’’ after ‘‘the Secretary con-cerned’’; and (iii) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘(or appli-cable designee)’’ after ‘‘the Secretary con-cerned’’ both places it appears; (B) in subsection (b)(6), by inserting ‘‘(or ap-plicable designee)’’ after ‘‘the Secretary con-cerned’’; (C) in subsection (c)— (i) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
OR A
PPLICABLE DESIGNEE ’’ after ‘‘ BY THE SEC-
RETARY ’’; (ii) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(or appli-cable designee)’’ after ‘‘The Secretary con-cerned’’ both places it appears; (iii) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘(or appli-cable designee)’’ after ‘‘The Secretary con-cerned’’; (iv) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘(or appli-cable designee)’’ after ‘‘The Secretary con-cerned’’; and (v) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) A
PPLICABLE DESIGNEE .—In this section, the term ‘applicable designee’ means— ‘‘(A) with respect to Federal land described in section 3(7)(A), the applicable Regional For-ester; and ‘‘(B) with respect to Federal land described in section 3(7)(B), the applicable Bureau of Land Management State Director.’’; (D) in subsection (d)(3), by inserting ‘‘(or ap-plicable designee)’’ after ‘‘the Secretary con-cerned’’; and (E) in subsection (f)(1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘(or applicable designee)’’ after ‘‘the Secretary concerned’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘(or applicable designee)’’ after ‘‘of the Secretary’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 201(3) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7121(3)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(or applicable designee (as defined in section 205(c)(6)))’’ after ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ both places it appears. 
SEC. 403. PROGRAM FOR TITLE II SELF-SUS-TAINING RESOURCE ADVISORY COM-MITTEE PROJECTS. 
(a) S ELF-SUSTAINING RESOURCE ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEE PROJECTS .—Title II of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determina-tion Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7121 et seq.) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new sec-tion: 
‘‘SEC. 209. PROGRAM FOR SELF-SUSTAINING RE-SOURCE ADVISORY COMMITTEE PROJECTS. 
‘‘(a) RAC P ROGRAM .—The Chief of the Forest Service shall conduct a program (to be known as the ‘self-sustaining resource advisory committee program’ or ‘RAC program’) under which 10 re-source advisory committees will propose projects authorized by subsection (c) to be carried out using project funds reserved by a participating county under section 102(d). ‘‘(b) S
ELECTION OF PARTICIPATING RESOURCE  A
DVISORY COMMITTEES .—The selection of re-source advisory committees to participate in the RAC program is in the sole discretion of the Chief of the Forest Service. ‘‘(c) A
UTHORIZED PROJECTS .—Notwith- standing the project purposes specified in sec-tions 202(b), 203(c), and 204(a)(5), projects under the RAC program are intended to— ‘‘(1) accomplish forest management objectives or support community development; and ‘‘(2) generate receipts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.035 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8345 November 1, 2017 
‘‘(d) D EPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY OF REVE-
NUES.—Any revenue generated by a project con-ducted under the RAC program, including any interest accrued from the revenues, shall be— ‘‘(1) deposited in the special account in the Treasury established under section 102(d)(2)(A); and ‘‘(2) available, in such amounts as may be provided in advance in appropriation Acts, for additional projects under the RAC program. ‘‘(e) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority to initiate a project under the RAC program shall terminate on September 30, 2022. ‘‘(2) D
EPOSITS IN TREASURY .—Any funds available for projects under the RAC program and not obligated by September 30, 2023, shall be deposited in the Treasury of the United States.’’. (b) E
XCEPTION TO GENERAL RULEREGARDING  T
REATMENT OF RECEIPTS .—Section 403(b) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-De-termination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7153(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘All revenues’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Except as provided in section 209, all reve-nues’’. 
SEC. 404. ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZED USE OF RE-SERVED FUNDS FOR TITLE III COUN-TY PROJECTS. 
Section 302(a) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7142(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and law enforcement pa-trols’’ after ‘‘including firefighting’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and carry out’’ after ‘‘develop’’; (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (4) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) to cover training costs and equipment purchases directly related to the emergency services described in paragraph (2); and’’. 
SEC. 405. TREATMENT AS SUPPLEMENTAL FUND-ING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 102 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determina-tion Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) T
REATMENT AS SUPPLEMENTAL FUND-
ING.—None of the funds made available to a beneficiary county or other political subdivision of a State under this Act shall be used in lieu of or to otherwise offset State funding sources for local schools, facilities, or educational pur-poses.’’. (b) C
ONTINUATION OF DIRECT PAYMENTS .— Payments to States made under the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determina-tion Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.) and 25- percent payments made to States and Territories under the Acts of May 23, 1908, and March 1, 1911 (16 U.S.C. 500), shall continue to be made as direct payments. TITLE V—STEWARDSHIP END RESULT CONTRACTING 
SEC. 501. CANCELLATION CEILINGS FOR STEW-ARDSHIP END RESULT CON-TRACTING PROJECTS. 
(a) C ANCELLATION CEILINGS .—Section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (h) and (i) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (g) the fol-lowing new subsection (h): ‘‘(h) C
ANCELLATION CEILINGS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 3903(b)(1) of title 41, United States Code, the Chief and the Director may obligate funds in stages that are economically or program-matically viable to cover any potential cancella-tion or termination costs for an agreement or contract under subsection (b) in stages that are economically or programmatically viable. ‘‘(2) ADVANCE NOTICE TO CONGRESS OF CAN -
CELLATION CEILING IN EXCESS OF $25 MILLION .— Not later than 30 days before entering into a multiyear agreement or contract under sub-section (b) that includes a cancellation ceiling in excess of $25 million, but does not include proposed funding for the costs of cancelling the agreement or contract up to such cancellation ceiling, the Chief or the Director, as the case may be, shall submit to the Committee on En-ergy and Natural Resources and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives a written notice that in-cludes— ‘‘(A) the cancellation ceiling amounts pro-posed for each program year in the agreement or contract; ‘‘(B) the reasons why such cancellation ceil-ing amounts were selected; ‘‘(C) the extent to which the costs of contract cancellation are not included in the budget for the agreement or contract; and ‘‘(D) an assessment of the financial risk of not including budgeting for the costs of agreement or contract cancellation. ‘‘(3) T
RANSMITTAL OF NOTICE TO OMB .—Not later than 14 days after the date on which writ-ten notice is provided under paragraph (2) with respect to an agreement or contract under sub-section (b), the Chief or the Director, as the case may be, shall transmit a copy of the notice to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget.’’. (b) R
ELATION TO OTHER LAWS.—Section 604(d)(5) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(d)(5)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘, the Chief may’’ and insert-ing ‘‘and section 2(a)(1) of the Act of July 31, 1947 (commonly known as the Materials Act of 1947; 30 U.S.C. 602(a)(1)), the Chief and the Di-rector may’’; and (2) by striking the last sentence. 
SEC. 502. EXCESS OFFSET VALUE. 
Section 604(g)(2) of the Healthy Forests Res-toration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(g)(2)) is amended by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(A) use the excess to satisfy any outstanding liabilities for cancelled agreements or contracts; or ‘‘(B) if there are no outstanding liabilities under subparagraph (A), apply the excess to other authorized stewardship projects.’’. 
SEC. 503. PAYMENT OF PORTION OF STEWARD-SHIP PROJECT REVENUES TO COUN-TY IN WHICH STEWARDSHIP PROJECT OCCURS. 
Section 604(e) of the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(e)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘subject to paragraph (3)(A),’’ before ‘‘shall’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘services received by the Chief or the Director’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘services and in-kind resources received by the Chief or the Director under a stewardship contract project conducted under this section shall not be considered mon-ies received from the National Forest System or the public lands, but any payments made by the contractor to the Chief or Director under the project shall be considered monies received from the National Forest System or the public lands.’’. 
SEC. 504. SUBMISSION OF EXISTING ANNUAL RE-PORT. 
Subsection (j) of section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c), as redesignated by section 501(a)(1), is amended by striking ‘‘report to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘submit to the congressional committees specified in subsection (h)(2) a report’’. SEC. 505. FIRE LIABILITY PROVISION. 
Section 604(d) of the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(8) M
ODIFICATION .—Upon the request of the contractor, a contract or agreement under this section awarded before February 7, 2014, shall be modified by the Chief or Director to include the fire liability provisions described in para-graph (7).’’. 
SEC. 506. EXTENSION OF STEWARDSHIP CON-TRACTING MAXIMUM TERM LIMITS. 
(a) H EALTH FORESTS RESTORATION ACT.—Sec- tion 604(d)(3)(B) of the Healthy Forests Restora-tion Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(d)(3)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘10 years’’ and inserting ‘‘20 years’’. (b) N
ATIONAL FOREST MANAGEMENT ACT.— Section 14(c) of the National Forest Manage-ment Act of 1976 (16 U.S.C. 472a(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘ten years’’ and inserting ‘‘20 years’’. TITLE VI—ADDITIONAL FUNDING SOURCES FOR FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 601. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) E
LIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible enti-ty’’ means— (A) a State or political subdivision of a State containing National Forest System lands or pub-lic lands; (B) a publicly chartered utility serving one or more States or a political subdivision thereof; (C) a rural electric company; and (D) any other entity determined by the Sec-retary concerned to be appropriate for partici-pation in the Fund. (2) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the State- Supported Forest Management Fund established by section 603. 
SEC. 602. AVAILABILITY OF STEWARDSHIP PROJECT REVENUES AND COLLABO-RATIVE FOREST LANDSCAPE RES-TORATION FUND TO COVER FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITY PLANNING COSTS. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF STEWARDSHIP PROJECT  R
EVENUES .—Section 604(e)(2)(B) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c(e)(2)(B)), as amended by section 503, is further amended by striking ‘‘appropriation at the project site from which the monies are col-lected or at another project site.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘appropriation— ‘‘(i) at the project site from which the monies are collected or at another project site; and ‘‘(ii) to cover not more than 25 percent of the cost of planning additional stewardship con-tracting projects.’’. (b) A
VAILABILITY OF COLLABORATIVE FOREST  L
ANDSCAPE RESTORATION FUND.—Section 4003(f)(1) of the Omnibus Public Land Manage-ment Act of 2009 (16 U.S.C. 7303(f)(1)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘carrying out and’’ and inserting ‘‘planning, carrying out, and’’. 
SEC. 603. STATE-SUPPORTED PLANNING OF FOR-EST MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES. 
(a) S TATE-SUPPORTED FOREST MANAGEMENT  F
UND.—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘‘State-Supported Forest Management Fund’’, to cover the cost of planning (especially related to compliance with section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332)), carrying out, and monitoring certain for-est management activities on National Forest System lands or public lands. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The State-Supported Forest Management Fund shall consist of such amounts as may be— (1) contributed by an eligible entity for deposit in the Fund; (2) appropriated to the Fund; or (3) generated by forest management activities carried out using amounts in the Fund. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.035 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8346 November 1, 2017 
(c) G EOGRAPHICAL AND USELIMITATIONS .—In making a contribution under subsection (b)(1), an eligible entity may— (1) specify the National Forest System lands or public lands for which the contribution may be expended; and (2) limit the types of forest management activi-ties for which the contribution may be ex-pended. (d) A
UTHORIZED FOREST MANAGEMENT ACTIVI -
TIES.—In such amounts as may be provided in advance in appropriation Acts, the Secretary concerned may use the Fund to plan, carry out, and monitor a forest management activity that— (1) is developed through a collaborative proc-ess; (2) is proposed by a resource advisory com-mittee; (3) is covered by a community wildfire protec-tion plan. (e) I
MPLEMENTATION METHODS .—A forest management activity carried out using amounts in the Fund may be carried out using a contract or agreement under section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c), the good neighbor authority provided by section 8206 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (16 U.S.C. 2113a), a contract under section 14 of the Na-tional Forest Management Act of 1976 (16 U.S.C. 472a), or other authority available to the Sec-retary concerned, but revenues generated by the forest management activity shall be used to re-imburse the Fund for planning costs covered using amounts in the Fund. (f) R
ELATION TO OTHER LAWS.— (1) R
EVENUE SHARING .—Subject to subsection (e), revenues generated by a forest management activity carried out using amounts from the Fund shall be considered monies received from the National Forest System. (2) K
NUTSON -VANDERBERG ACT .—The Act of June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the Knutson- Vanderberg Act; 16 U.S.C. 576 et seq.), shall apply to any forest management activity carried out using amounts in the Fund. (g) T
ERMINATION OF FUND.— (1) T
ERMINATION .—The Fund shall terminate 10 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) E
FFECT OF TERMINATION .—Upon the termi-nation of the Fund pursuant to paragraph (1) or pursuant to any other provision of law, un-obligated contributions remaining in the Fund shall be returned to the eligible entity that made the contribution. TITLE VII—TRIBAL FORESTRY PARTICIPATION AND PROTECTION 
SEC. 701. PROTECTION OF TRIBAL FOREST AS-SETS THROUGH USE OF STEWARD-SHIP END RESULT CONTRACTING AND OTHER AUTHORITIES. 
(a) P ROMPT CONSIDERATION OF TRIBAL RE-
QUESTS .—Section 2(b) of the Tribal Forest Pro-tection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a(b)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later than 120 days after the date on which an Indian tribe submits to the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘In response to the submission by an Indian Tribe of’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) T
IME PERIODS FOR CONSIDERATION .— ‘‘(A) I
NITIAL RESPONSE .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the Secretary re-ceives a Tribal request under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide an initial response to the Indian Tribe regarding— ‘‘(i) whether the request may meet the selec-tion criteria described in subsection (c); and ‘‘(ii) the likelihood of the Secretary entering into an agreement or contract with the Indian Tribe under paragraph (2) for activities de-scribed in paragraph (3). ‘‘(B) N
OTICE OF DENIAL .—Notice under sub-section (d) of the denial of a Tribal request under paragraph (1) shall be provided not later than 1 year after the date on which the Sec-retary received the request. ‘‘(C) COMPLETION .—Not later than 2 years after the date on which the Secretary receives a Tribal request under paragraph (1), other than a Tribal request denied under subsection (d), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) complete all environmental reviews nec-essary in connection with the agreement or con-tract and proposed activities under the agree-ment or contract; and ‘‘(ii) enter into the agreement or contract with the Indian tribe under paragraph (2).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AND TECHNICAL AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 2 of the Tribal Forest Protec-tion Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a) is amended— (1) in subsections (b)(1) and (f)(1), by striking ‘‘section 347 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1999 (16 U.S.C. 2104 note; Public Law 105–277) (as amended by section 323 of the Department of the Interior and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2003 (117 Stat. 275))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 604 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591c)’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)(1), the Secretary may’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graphs (1) and (4)(B) of subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall’’. 
SEC. 702. MANAGEMENT OF INDIAN FOREST LAND AUTHORIZED TO INCLUDE RELATED NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LANDS AND PUBLIC LANDS. 
Section 305 of the National Indian Forest Re-sources Management Act (25 U.S.C. 3104) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) I
NCLUSION OF CERTAIN NATIONAL FOREST  S
YSTEM LAND AND PUBLIC LAND.— ‘‘(1) A
UTHORITY .—At the request of an Indian Tribe, the Secretary concerned may agree to treat Federal forest land as Indian forest land for purposes of planning and conducting forest land management activities under this section if the Federal forest land is located within, or mostly within, a geographic area that presents a feature or involves circumstances principally relevant to that Indian Tribe, such as Federal forest land ceded to the United States by treaty, Federal forest land within the boundaries of a current or former reservation, or Federal forest land adjudicated to be Tribal homelands. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—As part of the agree-ment to treat Federal forest land as Indian for-est land under paragraph (1), the Secretary con-cerned and the Indian Tribe making the request shall— ‘‘(A) provide for continued public access ap-plicable to the Federal forest land prior to the agreement, except that the Secretary concerned may limit or prohibit such access as needed; ‘‘(B) continue sharing revenue generated by the Federal forest land with State and local gov-ernments either— ‘‘(i) on the terms applicable to the Federal for-est land prior to the agreement, including, where applicable, 25-percent payments or 50- percent payments; or ‘‘(ii) at the option of the Indian Tribe, on terms agreed upon by the Indian Tribe, the Sec-retary concerned, and State and county govern-ments participating in a revenue sharing agree-ment for the Federal forest land; ‘‘(C) comply with applicable prohibitions on the export of unprocessed logs harvested from the Federal forest land; ‘‘(D) recognize all right-of-way agreements in place on Federal forest land prior to commence-ment of Tribal management activities; ‘‘(E) ensure that all commercial timber re-moved from the Federal forest land is sold on a competitive bid basis; and ‘‘(F) cooperate with the appropriate State fish and wildlife agency to achieve mutual agree-ment on the management of fish and wildlife. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—Treating Federal forest land as Indian forest land for purposes of plan-ning and conducting management activities pur-suant to paragraph (1) shall not be construed to designate the Federal forest land as Indian for-est lands for any other purpose. ‘‘(4) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) F
EDERAL FOREST LAND .—The term ‘Fed-eral forest land’ means— ‘‘(i) National Forest System lands; and ‘‘(ii) public lands (as defined in section 103(e) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702(e))), including Coos Bay Wagon Road Grant lands reconveyed to the United States pursuant to the first section of the Act of February 26, 1919 (40 Stat. 1179), and Or-egon and California Railroad Grant lands. ‘‘(B) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘Sec-retary concerned’ means— ‘‘(i) the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to the Federal forest land referred to in sub-paragraph (A)(i); and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary of the Interior, with respect to the Federal forest land referred to in sub-paragraph (A)(ii).’’. 
SEC. 703. TRIBAL FOREST MANAGEMENT DEM-ONSTRATION PROJECT. 
The Secretary of the Interior and the Sec-retary of Agriculture may carry out demonstra-tion projects by which federally recognized In-dian Tribes or Tribal organizations may con-tract to perform administrative, management, and other functions of programs of the Tribal Forest Protection Act of 2004 (25 U.S.C. 3115a et seq.) through contracts entered into under the Indian Self-Determination and Education As-sistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304 et seq.). 
SEC. 704. RULE OF APPLICATION. 
Nothing in this title, or the amendments made by this title, shall be construed as interfering with, diminishing, or conflicting with the au-thority, jurisdiction, or responsibility of any State to exercise primary management, control, or regulation of fish and wildlife on land or water within the State (including on public land) under State law. TITLE VIII— EXPEDITING INTERAGENCY CONSULTATION Subtitle A—Forest Plans Not Considered Major Federal Actions 
SEC. 801. FOREST PLANS NOT CONSIDERED MAJOR FEDERAL ACTIONS. 
The development, maintenance, amendment, and revision of a forest plan shall not be consid-ered a major Federal action for purposes of sec-tion 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). Subtitle B—Agency Consultation 
SEC. 811. CONSULTATION UNDER FOREST AND RANGELAND RENEWABLE RE-SOURCES PLANNING ACT OF 1974. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6(d) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(d) The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(d) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION AND CONSULTA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) N
O ADDITIONAL CONSULTATION REQUIRED  
AFTER APPROVAL OF LAND MANAGEMENT  
PLANS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall not be re-quired to engage in consultation under this sub-section or any other provision of law (including section 7 of the Endangered Species Act (16 U.S.C. 1536) and section 402.16 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regula-tion)) with respect to— ‘‘(i) if a land management plan approved by the Secretary— ‘‘(I) the listing of a species as threatened or endangered, or a designation of critical habitat pursuant to the Endangered Species Act (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); ‘‘(II) whether the amount or extent of taking specified in the incidental take statement is ex-ceeded; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.035 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8347 November 1, 2017 
‘‘(III) whether new information reveals effects of the action that may affect listed species or critical habitat in a manner or to an extent not previously considered; or ‘‘(IV) whether the identified action is subse-quently modified in a manner that causes an ef-fect to the listed species or critical habitat that was not considered in the biological opinion; or ‘‘(ii) any provision of a land management plan adopted as described in clause (i). ‘‘(B) E
FFECT OF PARAGRAPH .—Nothing in this paragraph affects any applicable requirement of the Secretary to consult with the head of any other Federal department or agency— ‘‘(i) regarding any project, including a project carried out, or proposed to be carried out, in an area designated as critical habitat pursuant to the Endangered Species Act (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); or ‘‘(ii) with respect to the development of an amendment to a land management plan that would result in a significant change in the land management plan. ‘‘(3) L
AND MANAGEMENT PLAN CONSIDERED A  
NON-DISCRETIONARY ACTION .—For purposes of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), a forest management activity car-ried out by the Secretary concerned pursuant to this Act shall be considered a non-discretionary action.’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF SECRETARY ; CONFORMING  A
MENDMENTS .— (1) D
EFINITION OF SECRETARY .—Section 3(a) of the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1601(a)) is amended, in the first sentence of the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(referred to in this Act as the ‘Secretary’)’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Agriculture’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.) is amended, in sections 4 through 9, 12, 13, and 15, by strik-ing ‘‘Secretary of Agriculture’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. 
SEC. 812. CONSULTATION UNDER FEDERAL LAND POLICY AND MANAGEMENT ACT OF 1976. 
Section 202(f) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712(f)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(f) The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(f) P
UBLIC INVOLVEMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) N
O ADDITIONAL CONSULTATION REQUIRED  
AFTER APPROVAL OF LAND USE PLANS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall not be re-quired to engage in consultation under this sub-section or any other provision of law (including section 7 of the Endangered Species Act (16 U.S.C. 1536) and section 402.16 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations (or a successor regula-tion)), with respect to— ‘‘(i) the listing of a species as threatened or endangered, or a designation of critical habitat, pursuant to the Endangered Species Act (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), if a land use plan has been adopted by the Secretary as of the date of listing or designation; or ‘‘(ii) any provision of a land use plan adopted as described in clause (i). ‘‘(B) E
FFECT OF PARAGRAPH .— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION OF SIGNIFICANT CHANGE .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘significant change’ means a significant change within the meaning of section 219.13(b)(3) of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enact-ment of this subparagraph), except that— ‘‘(I) any reference contained in that section to a land management plan shall be deemed to be a reference to a land use plan; ‘‘(II) any reference contained in that section to the Forest Service shall be deemed to be a ref-erence to the Bureau of Land Management; and ‘‘(III) any reference contained in that section to the National Forest Management Act of 1976 (Public Law 94–588; 90 Stat. 2949) shall be deemed to be a reference to this Act. ‘‘(ii) EFFECT .—Nothing in this paragraph af-fects any applicable requirement of the Sec-retary to consult with the head of any other Federal department or agency— ‘‘(I) regarding a project carried out, or pro-posed to be carried out, with respect to a species listed as threatened or endangered, or in an area designated as critical habitat, pursuant to the Endangered Species Act (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); or ‘‘(II) with respect to the development of a new land use plan or the revision of or other signifi-cant change to an existing land use plan. ‘‘(3) L
AND USE PLAN CONSIDERED NON -DISCRE -
TIONARY ACTION .—For purposes of the Endan-gered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), a forest management activity carried out by the Secretary concerned pursuant to this Act shall be considered a non-discretionary action.’’. TITLE IX—MISCELLANEOUS Subtitle A—Forest Management Provisions 
SEC. 901. CLARIFICATION OF EXISTING CATEGOR-ICAL EXCLUSION AUTHORITY RE-LATED TO INSECT AND DISEASE IN-FESTATION. 
Section 603(c)(2)(B) of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6591b(c)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘Fire Regime Groups I, II, or III’’ and inserting ‘‘Fire Regime I, Fire Regime II, Fire Regime III, Fire Regime IV, or Fire Regime V’’. 
SEC. 902. REVISION OF ALTERNATE CONSULTA-TION AGREEMENT REGULATIONS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce shall re-vise section 402.13 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations, to— (1) authorize Federal agencies to enter into al-ternative consultation agreements under which the Federal agency may determine if an action such agency authorizes is likely to adversely af-fect listed species or critical habitat; and (2) if an agency determines such action will not likely adversely affect listed species or crit-ical habitat pursuant to paragraph (1), not re-quire such agency to complete a formal con-sultation, informal consultation, or written con-currence of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service or the National Marine Fisheries Service with re-spect to such action. 
SEC. 903. REVISION OF EXTRAORDINARY CIR-CUMSTANCES REGULATIONS. 
(a) D ETERMINATIONS OF EXTRAORDINARY CIR-
CUMSTANCES .—In determining whether extraor-dinary circumstances related to a proposed ac-tion preclude use of a categorical exclusion, the Forest Service shall not be required to— (1) consider whether a proposed action is within a potential wilderness area; (2) consider whether a proposed action affects a Forest Service sensitive species; (3) conduct an analysis under section 220.4(f) of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations, of the proposed action’s cumulative impact (as the term is defined in section 1508.7 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations); (4) consider a determination under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) that a proposed action may affect, but is not likely to adversely affect, threatened, en-dangered, or candidate species, or designated critical habitats; or (5) consider a determination under section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) that a proposed action may affect, and is likely to adversely affect threatened, endan-gered, candidate species, or designated critical habitat if the agency is in compliance with the applicable provisions of the biological opinion. (b) P
ROPOSED RULEMAKING .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall publish a no-tice of proposed rulemaking to revise section 220.6(b) of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations to conform such section with subsection (a). (c) ADDITIONAL REVISION .—As part of the pro-posed rulemaking described in subsection (b), the Secretary of Agriculture shall revise section 220.5(a)(2) of title 36, Code of Federal Regula-tions, to provide that the Forest Service shall not be required to consider proposals that would substantially alter a potential wilderness area as a class of actions normally requiring environ-mental impact statements. (d) A
DDITIONAL ACTIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall issue final regula-tions to carry out the revisions described in sub-sections (b) and (c). 
SEC. 904. CONDITIONS ON FOREST SERVICE ROAD DECOMMISSIONING. 
(a) C ONSULTATION WITHAFFECTED COUNTY .— Whenever any Forest Service defined mainte-nance level one- or two-system road within a designated high-fire prone area of a unit of the National Forest System is considered for decom-missioning, the Forest Supervisor of that unit of the National Forest System shall— (1) consult with the government of the county containing the road regarding the merits and possible consequences of decommissioning the road; and (2) solicit possible alternatives to decommis-sioning the road. (b) P
ERIOD PRIOR TO DECOMMISSION .—A For- est Service road described in subsection (a) may not be decommissioned without the advance ap-proval of the Regional Forester. 
SEC. 905. PROHIBITION ON APPLICATION OF EASTSIDE SCREENS REQUIREMENTS ON NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM LANDS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF EASTSIDE SCREENS REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Agriculture shall imme-diately withdraw the Interim Management Di-rection Establishing Riparian, Ecosystem, and Wildlife Standards for Timber Sales (commonly known as the Eastside Screens requirements), including all preceding or associated versions of these amendments. (b) E
FFECT OF REPEAL .—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture may not apply to National Forest System lands any of the amendments repealed under subsection (a). 
SEC. 906. USE OF SITE-SPECIFIC FOREST PLAN AMENDMENTS FOR CERTAIN PROJECTS AND ACTIVITIES. 
If the Secretary concerned determines that, in order to conduct a project or carry out an activ-ity implementing a forest plan, an amendment to the forest plan is required, the Secretary con-cerned shall execute such amendment as a non-significant plan amendment through the record of decision or decision notice for the project or activity. 
SEC. 907. KNUTSON-VANDENBERG ACT MODIFICA-TIONS. 
(a) D EPOSITS OF FUNDS FROM NATIONAL FOR-
EST TIMBER PURCHASERS REQUIRED .—Section 3(a) of the Act of June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the Knutson-Vandenberg Act; 16 U.S.C. 576b(a)), is amended by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and all that follows through ‘‘any pur-chaser’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘The Sec-retary of Agriculture shall require each pur-chaser’’. (b) C
ONDITIONS ON USE OF DEPOSITS .—Section 3 of the Act of June 9, 1930 (commonly known as the Knutson-Vandenberg Act; 16 U.S.C. 576b), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Such deposits’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) Amounts deposited under subsection (a)’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (3) by inserting before subsection (d), as so re-designated, the following new subsection (c): ‘‘(c)(1) Amounts in the special fund estab-lished pursuant to this section— ‘‘(A) shall be used exclusively to implement activities authorized by subsection (a); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.035 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8348 November 1, 2017 
‘‘(B) may be used anywhere within the Forest Service Region from which the original deposits were collected. ‘‘(2) The Secretary of Agriculture may not de-duct overhead costs from the funds collected under subsection (a), except as needed to fund personnel of the responsible Ranger District for the planning and implementation of the activi-ties authorized by subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 908. APPLICATION OF NORTHWEST FOREST PLAN SURVEY AND MANAGE MITIGA-TION MEASURE STANDARD AND GUIDELINES. 
The Northwest Forest Plan Survey and Man-age Mitigation Measure Standard and Guide-lines shall not apply to any National Forest System lands or public lands. 
SEC. 909. RECONSTRUCTION AND REPAIR IN-CLUDED IN GOOD NEIGHBOR AGREE-MENTS. 
Section 8206(a)(3) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (16 U.S.C. 2113a(a)(3)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’; (B) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (iv); and (C) by inserting after clause (ii) the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) construction, reconstruction, repair or restoration of roads as necessary to achieve project objectives; and’’; and (2) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSIONS .—The term ‘forest, range-land, and watershed restoration services’ does not include construction, alteration, repair or replacement of public buildings or works.’’. 
SEC. 910. LOGGING AND MECHANIZED OPER-ATIONS. 
The Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 201 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 3 (29 U.S.C. 203)— (A) in subsection (l), by striking ‘‘well-being.’’ and inserting ‘‘well-being, and that employment of employees ages sixteen or seventeen years in a logging or mechanized operation in an occu-pation that the Secretary of Labor finds and de-clares to be particularly hazardous for the em-ployment of individuals of such ages shall not be deemed to constitute oppressive child labor if such employee is employed by his parent or by a person standing in the place of his parent in a logging or mechanized operation owned or op-erated by such parent or person.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(z)(1) ‘Logging’— ‘‘(A) means— ‘‘(i) the felling, skidding, yarding, loading and processing of timber by equipment other than manually operated chainsaws and cable skidders; ‘‘(ii) the felling of timber in mechanized oper-ations; ‘‘(iii) the bucking or converting of timber into logs, poles, ties, bolts, pulpwood, chemical wood, excelsior wood, cordwood, fence posts, or similar products; ‘‘(iv) the collecting, skidding, yarding, load-ing, transporting and unloading of such prod-ucts in connection with logging; ‘‘(v) the constructing, repairing and maintain-ing of roads or camps used in connection with logging; the constructing, repairing, and main-tenance of machinery or equipment used in log-ging; and ‘‘(vi) other work performed in connection with logging; and ‘‘(B) does not include the manual use of chain saws to fell and process timber and the use of cable skidders to bring the timber to the landing. ‘‘(2) ‘Mechanized operation’— ‘‘(A) means the felling, skidding, yarding, loading and processing of timber by equipment other than manually operated chainsaws and cable skidders; and ‘‘(B) includes whole tree processors, cut-to- length processors, stroke boom delimbers, wheeled and track feller-bunchers, pull thru delimbers, wheeled and track forwarders, chip-pers, grinders, mechanical debarkers, wheeled and track grapple skidders, yarders, bulldozers, excavators, and log loaders.’’; and (2) in section 13(c) (29 U.S.C. 211(c)), by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(8) The provisions of section 12 relating to child labor shall apply to an employee who is 16 or 17 years old employed in a logging or mecha-nized operation in an occupation that the Sec-retary of Labor finds and declares to be particu-larly hazardous for the employment of children ages 16 or 17, except where such employee is em-ployed by his parent or by a person standing in the place of his parent in a logging or mecha-nized operation owned or operated by such par-ent or person.’’. Subtitle B—Oregon and California Railroad Grant Lands and Coos Bay Wagon Road Grant Lands SEC. 911. AMENDMENTS TO THE ACT OF AUGUST 28, 1937. 
The first section of the Act of August 28, 1937 (50 Stat. 874; 43 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.), is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘principal of sustained yield’’ and inserting ‘‘principle of sustained yield’’; (2) by striking ‘‘facilties’’ and inserting ‘‘fa-cilities’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘That timber from said lands in an amount’’ and inserting ‘‘That timber from said lands in the amount that is the greater of:’’. 
SEC. 912. OREGON AND CALIFORNIA RAILROAD GRANT LANDS AND COOS BAY WAGON ROAD GRANT LANDS PERMA-NENT RIGHTS OF ACCESS. 
(a) C REATION OF PERMANENT RIGHTS OF AC-
CESS REQUIRED .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, on the date of the enactment of this section, reciprocal road right-of-way per-mits, grants, and agreements issued to a private landowner by the Secretary of the Interior pur-suant to subpart 2812 of part 2810 of title 43, Code of Federal Regulations, or its predecessor regulation shall become permanent rights of ac-cess that are recordable and that shall run with the land. (b) R
ECORDS UPDATED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the reciprocal road right-of-way permits, grants, and agreements described in subsection (a) shall be amended to reflect the permanent rights of access required under subsection (a) and re-corded by the Secretary of the Interior in each county where the lands are located. No other amendments shall be made to such right-of-way permits, grants, and agreements. 
SEC. 913. MANAGEMENT OF BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT LANDS IN WESTERN OREGON. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—All of the public land man-aged by the Bureau of Land Management in the Northwest District, Roseburg District, Coos Bay District, Medford District, and the Klamath Re-source Area of the Lakeview District in the State of Oregon shall hereafter be managed pur-suant to title I of the of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181a through 1181e). Except as provided in subsection (b), all of the revenue produced from such land shall be deposited in the Treasury of the United States in the Oregon and California land-grant fund and be subject to the provisions of title II of the Act of August 28, 1937 (43 U.S.C. 1181f). (b) C
ERTAIN LANDS EXCLUDED .—Subsection (a) does not apply to any revenue that is re-quired to be deposited in the Coos Bay Wagon Road grant fund pursuant to sections 1 through 4 of the Act of May 24, 1939 (43 U.S.C. 1181f et seq.). Subtitle C—Timber Innovation 
SEC. 921. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) I
NNOVATIVE WOOD PRODUCT .—The term ‘‘innovative wood product’’ means a type of building component or system that uses large panelized wood construction, including mass timber. (2) MASS TIMBER .—The term ‘‘mass timber’’ includes— (A) cross-laminated timber; (B) nail laminated timber; (C) glue laminated timber; (D) laminated strand lumber; and (E) laminated veneer lumber. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture, acting through the Research and Development deputy area and the State and Private Forestry deputy area of the Forest Service. (4) T
ALL WOOD BUILDING .—The term ‘‘tall wood building’’ means a building designed to be— (A) constructed with mass timber; and (B) more than 85 feet in height. 
SEC. 922. CLARIFICATION OF RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT PROGRAM FOR WOOD BUILDING CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall conduct performance-driven research and development, education, and technical assistance for the pur-pose of facilitating the use of innovative wood products in wood building construction in the United States. (b) A
CTIVITIES .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) after receipt of input and guidance from, and collaboration with, the wood products in-dustry, conservation organizations, and institu-tions of higher education, conduct research and development, education, and technical assist-ance at the Forest Products Laboratory or through the State and Private Forestry deputy area that meets measurable performance goals for the achievement of the priorities described in subsection (c); and (2) after coordination and collaboration with the wood products industry and conservation organizations, make competitive grants to insti-tutions of higher education to conduct research and development, education, and technical as-sistance that meets measurable performance goals for the achievement of the priorities de-scribed in subsection (c). (c) P
RIORITIES .—The research and develop-ment, education, and technical assistance con-ducted under subsection (a) shall give priority to— (1) ways to improve the commercialization of innovative wood products; (2) analyzing the safety of tall wood building materials; (3) calculations by the Forest Products Lab-oratory of the life cycle environmental footprint, from extraction of raw materials through the manufacturing process, of tall wood building construction; (4) analyzing methods to reduce the life cycle environmental footprint of tall wood building construction; (5) analyzing the potential implications of the use of innovative wood products in building construction on wildlife; and (6) one or more other research areas identified by the Secretary, in consultation with conserva-tion organizations, institutions of higher edu-cation, and the wood products industry. (d) T
IMEFRAME .—To the maximum extent practicable, the measurable performance goals for the research and development, education, and technical assistance conducted under sub-section (a) shall be achievable within a 5-year timeframe. TITLE X—MAJOR DISASTER FOR WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LAND 
SEC. 1001. WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LANDS. 
Section 102(2) of the Robert T. Stafford Dis-aster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122(2)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(2)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘means’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) M
AJOR DISASTER .— ‘‘(A) M
AJOR DISASTER .—The term ‘major dis-aster’ means’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.035 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8349 November 1, 2017 
(2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) M
AJOR DISASTER FOR WILDFIRE ON FED -
ERAL LANDS .—The term ‘major disaster for wild-fire on Federal lands’ means any wildfire or wildfires, which in the determination of the President under section 802 warrants assistance under section 803 to supplement the efforts and resources of the Department of the Interior or the Department of Agriculture— ‘‘(i) on Federal lands; or ‘‘(ii) on non-Federal lands pursuant to a fire protection agreement or cooperative agree-ment.’’. 
SEC. 1002. DECLARATION OF A MAJOR DISASTER FOR WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LANDS. 
The Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘TITLE VIII—MAJOR DISASTER FOR WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LAND 
‘‘SEC. 801. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘As used in this title— ‘‘(1) F
EDERAL LAND .—The term ‘Federal land’ means— ‘‘(A) any land under the jurisdiction of the Department of the Interior; and ‘‘(B) any land under the jurisdiction of the United States Forest Service. ‘‘(2) F
EDERAL LAND MANAGEMENT AGENCIES .— The term ‘Federal land management agencies’ means— ‘‘(A) the Bureau of Land Management; ‘‘(B) the National Park Service; ‘‘(C) the Bureau of Indian Affairs; ‘‘(D) the United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice; and ‘‘(E) the United States Forest Service. ‘‘(3) W
ILDFIRE SUPPRESSION OPERATIONS .—The term ‘wildfire suppression operations’ means the emergency and unpredictable aspects of wildland firefighting, including support, re-sponse, emergency stabilization activities, and other emergency management activities of wildland firefighting on Federal lands (or on non-Federal lands pursuant to a fire protection agreement or cooperative agreement) by the Fed-eral land management agencies covered by the wildfire suppression subactivity of the Wildland Fire Management account or the FLAME Wild-fire Suppression Reserve Fund account of the Federal land management agencies. 
‘‘SEC. 802. PROCEDURE FOR DECLARATION OF A MAJOR DISASTER FOR WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LANDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Inte-rior or the Secretary of Agriculture may submit a request to the President consistent with the re-quirements of this title for a declaration by the President that a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands exists. ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A request for a declara-tion by the President that a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands exists shall— ‘‘(1) be made in writing by the respective Sec-retary; ‘‘(2) certify that the amount appropriated in the current fiscal year for wildfire suppression operations of the Federal land management agencies under the jurisdiction of the respective Secretary, net of any concurrently enacted re-scissions of wildfire suppression funds, increases the total unobligated balance of amounts avail-able for wildfire suppression by an amount equal to or greater than the average total costs incurred by the Federal land management agen-cies per year for wildfire suppression operations, including the suppression costs in excess of ap-propriated amounts, over the previous ten fiscal years; ‘‘(3) certify that the amount available for wildfire suppression operations of the Federal land management agencies under the jurisdic-tion of the respective Secretary will be obligated not later than 30 days after such Secretary noti-fies the President that wildfire suppression funds will be exhausted to fund ongoing and anticipated wildfire suppression operations re-lated to the wildfire on which the request for the declaration of a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands pursuant to this title is based; and ‘‘(4) specify the amount required in the cur-rent fiscal year to fund wildfire suppression op-erations related to the wildfire on which the re-quest for the declaration of a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands pursuant to this title is based. ‘‘(c) DECLARATION .—Based on the request of the respective Secretary under this title, the President may declare that a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands exists. 
‘‘SEC. 803. WILDFIRE ON FEDERAL LANDS ASSIST-ANCE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands, the President may transfer funds, only from the account estab-lished pursuant to subsection (b), to the Sec-retary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agri-culture to conduct wildfire suppression oper-ations on Federal lands (and non-Federal lands pursuant to a fire protection agreement or coop-erative agreement). ‘‘(b) W
ILDFIRE SUPPRESSION OPERATIONS AC-
COUNT .—The President shall establish a specific account for the assistance available pursuant to a declaration under section 802. Such account may only be used to fund assistance pursuant to this title. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION OF TRANSFER .—The assist-ance available pursuant to a declaration under section 802 is limited to the transfer of the amount requested pursuant to section 802(b)(4). The assistance available for transfer shall not exceed the amount contained in the wildfire suppression operations account established pur-suant to subsection (b). ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .—Funds under this section shall be transferred from the wildfire suppression operations account to the wildfire suppression subactivity of the Wildland Fire Management Account. ‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION OF OTHER TRANSFERS .—Ex- cept as provided in this section, no funds may be transferred to or from the account established pursuant to subsection (b) to or from any other fund or account. ‘‘(e) R
EIMBURSEMENT FOR WILDFIRE SUPPRES -
SION OPERATIONS ON NON-FEDERAL LAND.—If amounts transferred under subsection (c) are used to conduct wildfire suppression operations on non-Federal land, the respective Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) secure reimbursement for the cost of such wildfire suppression operations conducted on the non-Federal land; and ‘‘(2) transfer the amounts received as reim-bursement to the wildfire suppression operations account established pursuant to subsection (b). ‘‘(f) A
NNUAL ACCOUNTING AND REPORTING RE-
QUIREMENTS .—Not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year for which assistance is received pursuant to this section, the respective Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Ag-riculture, Appropriations, the Budget, Natural Resources, and Transportation and Infrastruc-ture of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry, Appropriations, the Budget, Energy and Natural Resources, Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs, and Indian Affairs of the Senate, and make available to the public, a re-port that includes the following: ‘‘(1) The risk-based factors that influenced management decisions regarding wildfire sup-pression operations of the Federal land manage-ment agencies under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary concerned. ‘‘(2) Specific discussion of a statistically sig-nificant sample of large fires, in which each fire is analyzed for cost drivers, effectiveness of risk management techniques, resulting positive or negative impacts of fire on the landscape, im-pact of investments in preparedness, suggested corrective actions, and such other factors as the respective Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(3) Total expenditures for wildfire suppres-sion operations of the Federal land management agencies under the jurisdiction of the respective Secretary, broken out by fire sizes, cost, regional location, and such other factors as the such Sec-retary considers appropriate. ‘‘(4) Lessons learned. ‘‘(5) Such other matters as the respective Sec-retary considers appropriate. ‘‘(g) SAVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this title shall limit the Secretary of the Interior, the Sec-retary of Agriculture, Indian Tribe, or a State from receiving assistance through a declaration made by the President under this Act when the criteria for such declaration have been met.’’. 
SEC. 1003. PROHIBITION ON TRANSFERS. 
No funds may be transferred to or from the Federal land management agencies’ wildfire suppression operations accounts referred to in section 801(3) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to or from any account or subactivity of the Federal land management agencies, as defined in section 801(2) of such Act, that is not used to cover the cost of wildfire suppression operations. TITLE XI—DISASTER RELIEF AND WILDFIRE ADJUSTMENT 
SEC. 1101. INCREASE IN MAXIMUM ADJUSTMENT TO ACCOMMODATE WILDFIRE FUND-ING. 
Section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control of 1985 is amend-ed— (1) in clause (i), by striking subclause (I) and inserting the following: ‘‘(I) the average over the previous 10 years (excluding the highest and lowest years) of the sum of— ‘‘(aa) funding provided for disaster relief (as that term is defined on the date immediately be-fore the date of enactment of the Resilient Fed-eral Forests Act of 2017); ‘‘(bb) non-emergency funding provided for wildfire suppression and other wildfire related activities under the ‘Wildland Fire Manage-ment’ and ‘FLAME Wildfire Suppression Re-serve Fund’ accounts of the Department of Agri-culture and the Department of the Interior; and ‘‘(cc) 10 percent of the funding for disaster re-lief designated as an emergency under subpara-graph (A)(i); and’’; (2) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘the Budget Con-trol Act of 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017’’; and (3) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) For the purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘disaster relief’ means— ‘‘(I) activities carried out pursuant to a deter-mination under section 102(2) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assist-ance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122(2)); or ‘‘(II) amounts made available, pursuant to a declaration under section 802 of such Act that a major disaster for wildfire on Federal lands ex-ists, to the wildfire suppression operations ac-count established under section 803 of such Act.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 115–378. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be de-batable for the time specified in the re-port, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.035 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8350 November 1, 2017 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . SCHRADER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 115–378. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 13, line 6, insert ‘‘or’’ after the semi-colon. Page 13, strike line 7 (and redesignate the subsequent paragraph accordingly). Page 13, line 9, strike ‘‘through (6)’’ and in-sert ‘‘through (5)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 595, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRADER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chair, I yield myself as much time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank my colleagues, Representatives D
EFAZIO and P
ANETTA , for offering this amend-ment with me today. I think it is one of the important changes we can make that will help improve the Resilient Federal Forests Act. Collaborative forest management ac-tivities and categorical exclusions are an important tool in forest manage-ment and are designed to help the For-est Service and BLM speed the ability of those agencies to get into areas more quickly to improve forest health. I believe the use of categorical exclu-sion should be reserved for reducing hazardous fuel loads, addressing dis-ease and insect infestation, protecting water resources or increasing water yield, and maintaining or enhancing critical habitat. That makes sense. All these activities are very appropriate as designated activities for categorical exclusions. Listing timber production as a des-ignated activity, I believe, does not work in this context. Timber is a by-product of all those activities. There-fore, it is unnecessary to actually in-clude it as a specific designated activ-ity. Our amendment simply strikes tim-ber production from the list of des-ignated activities for categorical exclu-sion under section 111. It is a pretty clear-cut issue, in my book. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not totally opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objec-tion, the gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I ap-preciate the amendment that has been presented by the gentleman from Or-egon. I think it is a well-thought-out amendment. I also appreciate the comments he made, as he is trying to get us past the rhetoric and the dogma, and to try and come up with a truly bipartisan effort to solve the problems that the Forest Service has clearly delineated, giving them the tools that they want to try and solve these problems in the future. I think the gentleman is also correct when he said that if you go through the list of those that are going to use cat-egorical exclusion, you can’t actually do those functions without producing timber. So, at worst, the language that was put in here is redundant. We are still after the same goal. We are still after the same game. That is why I ac-tually will accept the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from Oregon and urge its adoption. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank the chairman and Mr. WESTERMAN for the bill and being con-genial and good folks to work with for a bipartisan piece of legislation we des-perately need. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. S
CHRADER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . KHANNA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 115–378. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 27, beginning line 19, strike subtitle B. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 595, the gentleman from California (Mr. K
HANNA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Chairman, my amendment strikes section 311 from the bill. This section would create a forced arbitration program for forestry management. This section of the bill, in my view, usurps judicial oversight. While many agencies conduct quasi-ju-dicial proceedings, there are still agen-cy actions that are appealable to the courts. Judicial oversight and separation of powers is a core principle of our democ-racy. The arbitration would be binding, effectively making the Secretary of Agriculture the final judge and depriv-ing the courts of their oversight role. While the bill terms this as discre-tionary arbitration, the discretion ulti-mately lies only with the Secretary of Agriculture. The public has no discre-tion over whether to submit to binding arbitration or not. The public’s right to challenge an ac-tion or inaction in court is an impor-tant check on the executive branch. Shielding an agency from review by independent Federal courts could harm access to justice. The Secretary of Agriculture can des-ignate any objection for binding arbi-tration up to ten times per year in each of the nine Forest Service regions and each of the 14 State regions. b1630 This allows the Secretary of Agri-culture to effectively dismiss about 230 cases every year. According to the De-partment of Justice, in 2016, the total amount of civil matters and cases brought against the United States with an environmental or land cause of ac-tion was only 350. This overly broad power would allow the agency to dis-miss some of the most problematic cases every year. The process also likely violates the nondelegation doctrine. That doctrine prohibits the exercise of constitutional authority given to any branch of gov-ernment by another branch or non-governmental private party. Under the arbitration program set up by this bill, a private party objecting to a management proposal and forced into arbitration would be required to write their own proposal. The ap-pointed arbitrator could then select that private party proposal as the final plan to be carried out by the agency. The arbitrator is not permitted to modify the proposal, and the decision would be binding. I understand the need to streamline the process, but I think the forced arbi-tration really deprives people of their access to the courts, and that is why, Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I have to strenuously oppose this par-ticular amendment because it strikes one of the core provisions of this bill. From 1989 to 2008, there were 1,125 lawsuits filed against the Forest Serv-ice, and hundreds have been filed since that time. Half of the active manage-ment lawsuits of the Federal Forest Service account are spent, and 40 per-cent of all Forest Service lawsuits are brought on this specific point. In addition to that, the Forest Serv-ice, in an effort to try and mitigate against that, simply tries to delay the processes, which creates a culture of analysis paralysis going through there, and at the end they get sued anyway. This provision is one of few creative efforts we have had that does not im-pact people’s access to justice, but hav-ing a binding arbitration pilot program allows us to try and give you the mer-its of a lawsuit and move forward quickly. This is creative. This is what they need. If we need to end endless litigation, frivolous lawsuits that impede the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.082 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8351 November 1, 2017 
work of our land managers and cost taxpayers millions of dollars, this is the kind of thing that we need to start doing. The Forest Service recognizes they need this. It is about time we rec-ognize they need this, too. Mr. Chairman, keep this creative ap-proach in the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Chairman, I think the point is not that we need to streamline decisions, or if we have to streamline courts to get rid of frivo-lous lawsuits, that would be fine, but the problem is the power that is being vested in the Secretary of Agriculture where, if the Secretary of Agriculture shares a view that is not sympathetic to environmental concerns, they can basically dismiss the lawsuits of nu-merous environmental plaintiffs. I think this is really about the sepa-ration of powers. If there is reform needed in the judiciary, those reforms should be in our courts, but they shouldn’t appropriate the power to the Secretary of Agriculture who may have his own or her own views and not give a fair hearing to the environmental groups. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ), the author of this bill. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I think what we have to realize is that what is happening now is not working. Forest management plans are not being implemented. Region 1, alone, of the Forest Service spent $1.23 million on the Equal Access to Justice Act, paying plaintiffs to sue the Forest Service. That is just since January of 2016. This is an attempt for the pilot pro-gram to do arbitration modeled after baseball arbitration that keeps the ball moving forward. This results in some kind of action taking place. It is not the Secretary of Agriculture making the decision; it is one of a team of arbi-trators who are professionals who come together to work for solutions. That is what we need in our forests, and that is why we don’t need to include this amendment in the bill. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chair, once again, I would ask our Members to re-ject this particular amendment. It is a core provision, one of the few creative efforts, and only a pilot project to try and find a solution. It has received bi-partisan support. It has received sup-port from a broad coalition of outside groups. Admittedly, some of those who actively litigate and raise money and profit by it don’t like this provision, but most of the other people recognize this is something the Forest Service can use on day one. They need this tool. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. K
HANNA ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . O’HALLERAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 115–378. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 59, beginning line 3, strike subtitle A (and redesignate the subsequent subtitle and sections accordingly). Page 66, beginning line 19, strike section 903. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 595, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, local communities that have the most at stake when it comes to the forest in their backyards deserve their voices to be heard. As someone who lives in a na-tional forest and has worked to review and provide feedback on proposed for-est plans, I can assure you that these documents that guide the direction of individual national forests for years are, in fact, a major Federal action. My firsthand experience is why I pro-pose that we strike the language of sec-tion 801 of the bill before us. Section 801 proposes that forest plans not be considered major Federal actions under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969. If this were to become law, local input would be reduced. We should be looking for ways to increase local buy-in, not undermine it. In addition, section 903 proposes to modify the determination of extraor-dinary circumstances so wilderness protections and the protections of the Endangered Species Act do not have to be considered. This is a dangerous pro-vision and allows our bedrock environ-mental laws to be ignored. My commonsense amendment would simply remove these concerning sec-tions that allow bureaucrats to make major decisions without considering all the facts. Mr. Chairman, I encourage all my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, this is another one of the amendments that basically guts the whole purpose of this entire bill. There is nobody who is cut out of the process. None of the public is cut out of the process. What is cut out is redun-dant, duplicative NEPA analysis, all of which can result in litigation. It sim-ply says you do the process the first time. You don’t have to redo it again and again and again and admit the For-est Service to litigation again and again. In fact, they admit 71 percent of all their lawsuits mention these types of provisions in there. As we said before, these provisions were not coming out of thin air. They are coming from what the Forest Serv-ice tells us they need to do their job, the tools they need so they can take the resources they have and do it once the first time and get it over with and do it right and not have to spend it on frivolous litigation. NEPA is not taken away. The anal-ysis is not taken away. The public is not taken out of the system. All you are simply doing is saying you don’t have to do it repetitively, in other words, don’t have to do it redundantly. This is one to streamline it. This is what they need desperately. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the fact that there are many items within the bill that do allow for the issues to be addressed. But taking this part of the bill and un-derstanding that, when our national forest plans are put forward, we are part of it—I live in the national forest. I have watched three fires outside my front window. I have lived through watching, time and time again, the ramifications of not addressing these issues appropriately. I was co-chair of the Arizona Forest Health Oversight Committee for 3
1⁄2 years and have been addressing for-estry issues for 20 years. Mr. Chair, I just simply believe that, when it comes to wilderness areas and other areas of major concern, we should not disregard it. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Chairman, I will say once again, the tools the For-est Service needs to do their job are harmed if these sections do not remain in the bill. It is not talking about pub-lic input. It is talking about redun-dant, unnecessary public review that goes through there that creates unnec-essary and redundant litigation. There is a NEPA process that needs to go for-ward. You just don’t have to do it four and five and six times just because. We have an analysis paralysis. I remind you once again, we have 50 to 70 million acres that are in a des-perate, dire situation, ready to explode in catastrophic wildfire. The Forest Service can only get to 3 million acres a year, and part of it is the problems they have that we are trying to remove with these specific provisions. They need these tools. If we don’t give them these tools, we exacerbate our wildfire problems. We don’t need to do that. We shouldn’t do that. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.086 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8352 November 1, 2017 
Mr. Chairman, we need to defeat this amendment. It is essential to defeat this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the noes ap-peared to have it. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . CA´RDENAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 115–378. Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title IX, add the following new section: 
SEC. 9ll. STUDY ON USE OF UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES TO SUPPORT WILDLAND FIRE RESPONSE AND MANAGEMENT. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Ag-riculture shall conduct a study to evaluate— (1) the feasibility, safety, and cost effec-tiveness of using unmanned aerial vehicles for the purposes of supporting wildland fire response and suppression and forest restora-tion and management; and (2) the effect that increased use of un-manned aerial vehicles for such purposes will have on employment. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the study, the Secretary of Agriculture shall consult with the heads of other Federal agencies involved in wildfire suppression and aviation, including the Secretary of the Inte-rior, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Transportation. (c) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Agri-culture shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 595, the gentleman from California (Mr. C
A´RDENAS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Chair, this year, wildfires have devastated the American West. It has been particu-larly tragic in my home State of Cali-fornia. Entire neighborhoods are gone, and families have been left with noth-ing. While we know that proper forest management requires burning, we need to be able to contain wildfires that threaten communities. This month, wildfires killed 42 peo-ple, burned over 245,000 acres, and de-stroyed an estimated 8,900 structures, most of them people’s family homes, according to Cal Fire. The fires aren’t just dangerous them-selves, they produce thick smoke, toxic ash, and debris that pose long-lasting risks to our health and to the environ-ment. These wildfires continue to grow in frequency and ferocity. We must ensure that we are using all of the available tools to prevent and contain these fires. That is why I ask that this amendment, which promotes innova-tion in wildfire management, be adopt-ed. The amendment would require the Secretary of Agriculture to conduct a study evaluating the feasibility, safety, and cost effectiveness of using un-manned aerial vehicles, otherwise known as drones, for the purposes of fighting wildfires. It will also study the use of drones for forest restoration and management, which could be effective for replanting remote areas of forest. The Secretary of Agriculture would have to work with several other agen-cies that also deal with wildfire sup-pression and aviation. This amendment would require consultation with the Department of Transportation and the Federal Aviation Administration to en-sure safety for our aircraft and the pi-lots flying in the same airspace. It would also assess the impact of using drones on employment in the U.S. Innovation will take us into the future. b1645 But we need to know, eyes wide open, how this affects the employment land-scape of our communities. And that is why these studies are also important. The Department is required to report to Congress within 2 years of enact-ment. If implemented, I look forward to seeing the results of this study. I be-lieve it will help add another tool to the toolkit in protecting American lives, homes, property, businesses, wildlife, and forests from devastating fires. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to adopt amendment No. 4, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arkansas is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment. As the gentleman explained, this amend-ment does direct the Secretary of Agri-culture to study the use of unmanned vehicles, or drones, in the responsible forest management wildland fire-fighting and fire suppression. Unmanned aerial vehicles are an emerging technology that should be harnessed to benefit our Nation’s for-ests. As a matter of fact, these un-manned vehicles are being used exten-sively by the private sector to look at their forests, to manage them, to equip them with remote-sensing equipment so that they can cover large areas at a large time and gather much more accu-rate data than you could actually do on the ground. By ensuring that our land manage-ment practices utilize the cutting edge of available technology, we can ensure the prolonged health of our managed forests, and we can actually use this as a tool to cut down on the number of forest fires, and a better way to re-spond to those fires. I hope the gentleman will support the full bill after we add this amendment to it so that he can actually see the implementation of his amendment in practice. Mr. Chairman, again, I support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CA´RDENAS. Mr. Chairman, I like the kind words that my colleagues have said about this amendment, and I hope that it goes forward. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, again, this amendment is good for the bill. I am glad that we can work in a bipartisan way to include it in the bill. Mr. Chairman, I urge support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from California (Mr. CA´RDENAS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . DEFAZIO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 115–378. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 77, beginning line 4, strike subsection (b) and insert the following new subsection: (b) C
ERTAIN EXCLUSIONS .— (1) C
ERTAIN LANDS EXCLUDED .—Subsection (a) does not apply to— (A) the Yaquina Head Outstanding Natural Area established under section 119 of Public Law 96–199 (43 U.S.C. 1783); (B) lands managed under the Wild and Sce-nic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.); (C) lands managed under the Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.); and (D) lands managed under the National Trails System Act (16 U.S.C. 1241 et seq.). (2) C
ERTAIN REVENUE EXCLUDED .—Sub- section (a) does not apply to any revenue that is required to be deposited in the Coos Bay Wagon Road grant fund pursuant to sec-tions 1 through 4 of the Act of May 24, 1939 (43 U.S.C. 2621-2624.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 595, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, this is a bipartisan amendment introduced by myself, G
REG WALDEN , and K URT S
CHRADER . Section 913 of the bill requires all public lands managed by the BLM and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.088 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8353 November 1, 2017 
five western Oregon districts to be managed under the O&C California Lands Act of 1937. These are statutorily unique lands. They are all contained in the State of Oregon. There are 2.6 mil-lion acres in 18 Oregon western coun-ties. The O&C Act directs the BLM to manage those lands for multiple uses, including sustainable timber harvest, reforestation, protection of watersheds. As Federal lands, counties with O&C acres are unable to collect taxes. The Federal Government realized that put a tremendous burden on the counties, and the revenues are shared 50 percent with the counties and 50 percent with the Federal Government. These are critical revenues for my counties, and we have been trying to enhance man-agement on those lands to help both with employment and with those reve-nues. Without this provision, the bill would seem to open up wilderness, wild and scenic rivers, the national trail system, and other statutorily protected areas. It will also protect the Yaquina Head Outstanding Natural Area on Oregon’s coast. So I would ask—I believe that was an oversight in the drafting of the bill since similar protections are provided on Forest Service lands for statutorily reserved areas, and I would urge Mem-bers to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although, again, I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Arkansas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arkansas is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment, and I appreciate the gentleman from Or-egon catching this and pointing it out. It has never been the intent of this bill to affect wilderness areas, wild and sce-nic rivers. I believe we do have protec-tions in place in the bill, but this re-emphasizes that. I appreciate the gentleman’s willing-ness to work as we worked through the process on this bill. We had some good discussions on ideas, we were able to agree on some of those, and some of them we didn’t agree on. But this is definitely one that we agree on needs to be in there. Although H.R. 2936 includes the im-portant sideboards that ensure appro-priate land management practices are implemented on federally protected and sensitive lands, this is just putting some suspenders on with the belt. This amendment, offered by my col-league from Oregon, builds upon the sideboards already included in the bill, and it ensures that special landscapes within Oregon’s O&C lands are treated similarly to other lands that are con-templated in the bill. Mr. Chairman, I support this amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his support, and I do thank him for the conversation we had about a number of concerns that I had with the bill, and this addresses one, and the Schrader amendment addressed another. There are still other concerns. I am hopeful, we have twice passed manage-ment bills out of the House, and I did support last Congress’ version intro-duced by the gentleman, 1 of 19 Demo-crats, I believe at that time, and I am hopeful that, in discussions with the Senate, we move back in the direction of the bill that we passed in the House 2 years ago. However, the Senate totally stiffed us on that legislation, and I fear that moving the bill to a number of the pro-visions in this bill, which go further than in the last bill, will make it less likely that the Senate will negotiate. But, I mean, who knows what works with the Senate. So I wish the gen-tleman well in those discussions. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his support, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, again, I support this amendment. I, again, want to say how much I appre-ciate the gentleman’s work and his passion for the forest, not only in his home State of Oregon, but across our country. I also want to add that, as Ameri-cans, we are very passionate about our wilderness areas, about our wild and scenic rivers. I have some of those in my State. And the last thing we want to do is do anything to jeopardize those. I believe, overall, the bill is going to be great for our forests, but I am glad the gentleman added this amendment. He has still got time to change his mind and support the full bill, which will be great for Oregon and great for other States in the West. Mr. Chairman, I encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . LAMALFA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 115–378. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment made in order by the rule. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 80, after line 9, insert the following new subtitle: Subtitle D—Wildland Firefighter Recognition 
SEC. 931. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) DIRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Man-agement. (2) E
MPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘employee’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code. (3) F
EDERAL LAND MANAGEMENT AGENCY .— the term ‘‘Federal land management agen-cy’’ means— (A) within the Department of the Inte-rior— (i) the Bureau of Land Management; (ii) the Bureau of Indian Affairs; (iii) the National Park Service; and (iv) the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; and (B) within the Department of Agriculture, the Forest Service. (4) W
ILDLAND FIRE .—The term ‘‘wildland fire’’ means any non-structure fire that oc-curs in vegetation or natural fuels, including prescribed fire and wildfire. (5) W
ILDAND FIREFIGHTER .—The term ‘‘wildland firefighter’’ means— (A) an employee of a Federal land manage-ment agency, the duties of whose position are primarily to perform work directly re-lated to the prevention, control, suppression, management of wildland fires, or support of wildland fire activities; and (B) an employee of a Federal land manage-ment agency who is transferred to a super-visory or administrative position from a po-sition described in subparagraph (A). 
SEC. 2. CLASSIFICATION OF WILDLAND FIRE-FIGHTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) D
EVELOPMENT OF OCCUPATIONAL SERIES  
REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director, in cooperation with the Federal land man-agement agencies, shall carry out a distinct wildland firefighter occupational series that more accurately reflects the variety of du-ties performed by wildland firefighters. (2) D
ESIGNATION .—The official title as-signed to any occupational series established under paragraph (1) shall include the des-ignation of ‘‘Wildland Firefighter’’. (3) P
OSITIONS DESCRIBED .—Paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to any class or other category of positions that consists primarily or exclusively of forestry technician posi-tions, range technician positions, or any other positions the duties and responsibil-ities of which include— (A) significant prevention, preparedness, control, suppression, or management activi-ties for wildland fires; or (B) activities necessary to meet any other emergency incident to which assigned. (4) C
ONSULTATION .—It is the sense of Con-gress that the Director should consult with employee associations and any other groups that represent wildland firefighters in car-rying out this subsection. (5) I
MPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act— (A) the Director shall complete the devel-opment of the wildland firefighter occupa-tional series required under paragraph (1); and (B) the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture shall use the wildland firefighter occupational series de-veloped under paragraph (1) in the adver-tising and hiring of a wildland firefighter. (b) H
AZARDOUS DUTY DIFFERENTIAL NOT A
FFECTED .—Section 5545(d)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘except in such circumstances as the Office may by regulation prescribe; and’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘except— ‘‘(A) with respect to an employee in an oc-cupational series covering positions for which the primary duties involve the preven-tion, control, suppression, or management of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.093 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8354 November 1, 2017 
wildland fires, as determined by the Office; and ‘‘(B) in such other circumstances as the Of-fice may by regulation prescribe; and’’. (c) C
URRENT EMPLOYEES .—Any individual employed as a wildland firefighter on the date on which the occupational series estab-lished pursuant to subsection (a) takes effect may elect to— (1) remain in the occupational series in which the individual is working; or (2) be included in the wildland firefighter occupational series established pursuant to subsection (a). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 595, the gentleman from California (Mr. L
AMALFA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Chairman, be-lieve it or not, according to Federal agencies, the wildland firefighter does not exist. That is correct. There are men and women around this Nation who work daily to protect our commu-nities from the fires that devastate es-pecially the Western United States, but they are not allowed to call themselves firefighters. Instead of ‘‘firefighter,’’ the Forest Service, BLM, and other agencies use bureaucratic terms like ‘‘forestry tech-nician,’’ which fails to recognize the dangers they face and the sacrifices they make to protect others. My amendment, which I am pleased to offer with my colleague, Representa-tive M
ARK DESAULNIER from Cali-fornia, represents a bill we have both sponsored, H.R. 3907, as well; which seeks simply to designate these brave men and women the title they have earned by directing the Office of Per-sonnel Management to create employee classes designated as ‘‘wildland fire-fighters.’’ Mr. Chairman, 15 ‘‘technicians’’ have passed away this last year fighting wildfires. Several of them are from California. It is unconscionable that, while they perished fighting fires, the agencies that employ them refuse to call them firefighters. We should take action to rectify that failure, and I urge Members to consider our bill, H.R. 3907, to do so. However, Mr. Chairman, I know that there is additional work to be done with the very bureaucracies which refuse to use the term ‘‘firefighter’’ with last-minute concerns and clari-fications needed so that the firefighters indeed don’t lose benefits, and I note that we will be back. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment from fur-ther consideration at this time. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 115–378. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Page 75, after line 5, insert the following new section: 
SEC. 910A. PILOT PROJECT FOR FOREST HEALTH, WATERSHED IMPROVEMENT, AND HABITAT RESTORATION IN NEW MEXICO. 
(a) P ILOT PROJECT ESTABLISHED .—The Sec- retary of Agriculture, acting through the Chief of the Forest Service, shall conduct a pilot project within the Lincoln National Forest, Cibola National Forest, and Gila Na-tional Forest in the State of New Mexico to analyze and demonstrate the effectiveness of various tools and techniques to address the following natural resource concerns: (1) Thinning for forest health. (2) Watershed improvement. (3) Habitat restoration. (b) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary of Agriculture in carrying out the pilot project established under subsection (a) may conduct applied silvicultural investigations and treatments, including— (1) silvicultural investigations conducted for the purposes of information gathering and research relating to the natural resource concerns described in subsection (a); and (2) mechanical thinning. (c) O
BJECTIONS TO SILVICULTURAL INVES -
TIGATION OR TREATMENT .— The Secretary may not carry out a silvicultural investiga-tion or treatment under this section if a county in which such investigation or treat-ment would be conducted objects to such in-vestigation or treatment. (d) E
NVIRONMENTAL ASSESSMENT UNDER  
THENATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY ACT.— Forest management activities carried out by the Secretary of Agriculture under this sec-tion are a category of actions hereby des-ignated as being categorically excluded from the preparation of an environmental assess-ment or an environmental impact statement under section 102 of the National Environ-mental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332). (e) C
ONSULTATION UNDER THE ENDANGERED  S
PECIES ACT.—Forest management activities carried out by the Secretary of Agriculture under this section shall be subject to section 123, including subsection (b) of such section. (f) P
UBLIC PARTICIPATION .—The Secretary shall encourage meaningful public participa-tion during preparation of a silvicultural in-vestigation or treatment under this section. (g) A
RBITRATION PILOT PROGRAM RESOLU -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An objection or protest to a forest management activity carried out pursuant to this section shall be addressed through the arbitration program established under section 311. (2) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER OF ARBITRA -
TIONS .—An arbitration described in para-graph (1) shall not be counted towards the limitation on number of arbitrations under section 311(a)(3). (h) T
ERMINATION .—The authority to carry out this section shall terminate on the date that is 7 years after the date of the enact-ment of this section. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 595, the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Mexico. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, our na-tional forests are overgrown, and the thinning projects which would restore them to health are delayed by lengthy and costly regulations and litigations. In New Mexico, it takes a look like this: the top picture is a picture of one of our national forests, and the bottom picture is a picture from an area that has been thinned. Now, take, for example, the Lincoln National Forest near Ruidoso, the Mes-calero Forest is butted right up against it, so we are able to get a good com-parison. Now, typically, the forests in the West look like this: widely spaced trees and mostly grass in between, so when the fires came, they were grass fires. The tree rings show us that every 8 years a fire occurred, and it would keep the small underbrush and the small di-ameter trees, the small, unhealthy ones, it would keep those burned out and our forests, again, looked like this. But because all of the thinning projects and all of the timber projects have been canceled for decades now, our forests, instead, look like this. When wildfires happen, they burn cata-strophically and burn everything in their sight. So my amendment today simply al-lows the Forest Service to move for-ward on balanced thinning programs in large scale. Typically, they do all of the paperwork, all of the studies for small acreage, maybe 30 acres or 50 acres. Since the forests are about a million acres, you would never get through and never get the forest re-stored to its health, and that is the problem. The Forest Service has been working with me on the language for this amendment and submitted almost exact language that we have put here on the floor today. They agree with us that they should restore the forest to its health, but the environmental groups and the outside litigation have stopped the programs completely. Now, in New Mexico, this means jobs, but it also means the health of our en-vironment, and it means the destruc-tion of endangered species, because when the fires burn through, we get the effect on the next page; again, this is that same Lincoln National Forest that we were looking at just a second ago. This is after the Little Bear fire, which burned 255 homes and almost 40,000 acres. We almost lost the entire town of Ruidoso. If the fire had just capped over the mountain, it would have burned straight down the side. The winds were exactly the direction which would have caused that. So the Forest Service is agreeing with us that we need to do some thinning, and we are not going to be able to do it without legislative lan-guage, so this amendment is being of-fered here today. b1700 We used to have 123 mills working in New Mexico clearing timber, proc-essing it. We have got vast national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.045 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8355 November 1, 2017 
forests, and all of those have been shut down. The spotted owl came along in 1993, and the findings from the Fish and Wildlife Service was that logging was the reason that the spotted owl was going extinct. Over 20 years later, Dan Ashe, the head of Fish and Wildlife Service, said: Oops, we made a mistake and we burned down the West, and we have ru-ined our forests over a mistake. There was actually another predator out there. We still have the problem to go in and clean up these forests before they burn and before they look like this. Another real problem that exists is when we burn our national forests, then the watersheds are going to be choked up with mud, with ash, and with everything else. This is Bonita Lake there in that same Lincoln National Forest near Ruidoso. It provides the drinking water for several major communities in the southern part of the State. That lake was about 75 feet deep, pristine water, had fish in there. It was a recreational area right in the middle of the national forest. The Forest Service was alarmed at how much damage was going to occur to this lake if they didn’t log above it, so they put in a project. They were sued and work grounded to a halt. They did not get to thin that area above the lake. A fire occurred, this fire that you just saw in the previous slide. Now, that 75-feet-deep lake is filled with 50- feet of mud and ash. It killed all of the fish. It is not suitable for drinking. The community does not have the money in order to drain that lake and to refill it. So that is what we find in the West because of these forest management processes. My amendment would sim-ply allow the Forest Service to move forward on large-scale projects. They would still have to do all of the studies, everything. They would just be expe-dited. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, this amendment doubles down on the bad ideas that are in the underlying bill. The 150,000 acre categorical exclusion to remove timber from Gila, Lincoln, and Cibola National Forests has the po-tential to do more harm than good, and cuts the American public out of the de-cisionmaking process. The Forest Service doesn’t need this waiver to harvest trees in New Mexico. Last year, the Cibola produced 12,000 metric board feet, and Lincoln and Gila each between 5,000 and 6,000 metric board feet. These are average produc-tion numbers across the region. So I am not sure what problem this amendment is trying to address or how exempting 150,000-acre projects from the environmental review helps the Forest Service meet their mandate of protecting habitat, watersheds, and providing recreational opportunities. This amendment also exempts the Forest Service from the consultation requirements and the Endangered Spe-cies Act. Logging projects untethered from the bedrock environmental pro-tections could potentially impact sev-eral species which depend on these for-ests for habitat, including the Mexican spotted owl and the Gila trout. Active forest management is not a bad thing if it is done responsibly. If NEPA and the Endangered Species Act are followed, we get good projects, safe habitat restoration—not clear-cutting and loss of critical habitat. Unfortu-nately, this amendment undermines both of these fundamental laws and should be rejected. Mr. Chair, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chairman, the problem we are trying to solve—the gentleman asked the question—is that we are burning our forests down. We are burning up the habitat. We are burning up the endangered species. This was 40,000 acres. We had another fire in the Second District of New Mex-ico that was over 300,000 acres and they burned without regard. They burned human life. They burned animal life. They burned habitat and they contami-nate our waterways. Those are the problems that we are trying to solve. The Forest Service agrees with us that the restrictions are too great, and they have worked with us on the language, understanding that they must go through the studies, they must do the work that is required, but we can expedite those in order to do larger-scale thinning projects. Other-wise, we will never get the forests in the West cleared up. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a good amendment. I urge its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, this amendment would not resolve the issue that my friend from New Mexico has just brought up. The Statement of Ad-ministrative Policy from the executive branch raises the concerns of H.R. 2936 and of the land management reforms, which are in the legislation. It says: ‘‘The administration, how-ever, has concerns about the legisla-tion’s revision to the Stafford Act, which would force competition for funding between wildfires on Federal land and other disasters already cov-ered by the Stafford Act, including hurricanes.’’ It also says that the legislation doesn’t really address the issue of fire borrowing, which is central to dealing effectively and proactively with wildfires, both prevention, and suppres-sion, as the resource is needed. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD the Statement of Administra-tive Policy by the Trump administra-tion. I also include another Statement of Administrative Policy dated July 8, 2015, which is on the same legislation, but by then-President Obama, which mirrors and reflects the same concerns brought up by the executive branch of President Trump. STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 293—RESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS ACT OF  
2017—REP. WESTERMAN , R–AR, AND 18 COSPON -
SORS The Administration strongly believes that funding for wildland fire management must be addressed in order to enable the Forest Service and the Department of the Interior to better manage the Nation’s forests and other public lands. The Administration’s sec-ond disaster funding request, submitted to Congress on October 4, 2017, underscored this belief. The request also noted the Adminis-tration’s belief that land management re-forms are critical to solving the problem of ‘‘fire borrowing’’—taking funds from forest management programs to cover fire costs that exceed appropriations—in a comprehen-sive manner, rather than through a funding- only approach. The Administration appreciates the intent of H.R. 2936, the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017, and is supportive of land man-agement reforms like those outlined in the legislation. The Administration, however, has concerns about the legislation’s revi-sions to the Stafford Act, which would force competition for funding between wildfires on Federal land and other disasters already cov-ered by the Stafford Act, including hurri-canes. Wildland Fire Management Funding Last year, Federal wildfire suppression spending reached $2.9 billion, an amount that signals clearly the need for Congress to ad-dress the rising cost of fire suppression oper-ations. The dependence on ‘‘fire borrowing’’ to cover funding shortfalls in times of severe wildfire impedes the missions of our land management agencies, including by taking critical funding from programs that help re-duce the risk of catastrophic fire, restore and maintain healthy functioning eco-systems, and yield timber production. The Administration, however, has concerns with re-purposing the Stafford Act to ad-dress wildfires. The purpose of the Stafford Act is to assist State, local, tribal, and terri-torial (SLTT) governments that become overwhelmed when responding to and recov-ering from natural disasters affecting their jurisdictions. H.R. 2936 would modify the Stafford Act by creating a new type of dis-aster declaration to address the cost of wild-fire suppression on Federal land, thereby changing long-standing principles governing Federal support to SLTT governments. As we have seen in this year’s historic Atlantic hurricane season, the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) must continue to be focused on its existing mission, and the Stafford Act’s Disaster Relief Fund must re-main dedicated solely to that mission. Instead of the approach outlined in H.R. 2936, the Administration supports a separate, annual cap adjustment for wildfire suppres-sion operations, which will resolve concerns about the sufficiency of funds for wildfire suppression and avoid unnecessary competi-tion for Stafford Act funds. Improving Forest Management The Administration appreciates H.R. 2936’s recognition that fixing the funding compo-nent of fire borrowing will not, on its own, stop the worsening trend of catastrophic wildfires. Meaningful forest management re-forms to strengthen our ability to restore the Nation’s forests and improve their resil-ience to destructive wildfires must be a part 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.098 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8356 November 1, 2017 
of any permanent solution. H.R. 2936’s provi-sions that expedite environmental approval for proactive forest management, including hazardous fuel reduction and post-fire timber salvage and reforestation actions, are impor-tant steps forward. The Administration sup-ports and will continue to work with Con-gress on the details of the forest manage-ment reform proposals. Although the Administration has concerns with H.R. 2936’s modifications to the Staf-ford Act, the Administration will continue working with Congress to enact a sustain-able solution to ‘‘fire borrowing’’ that does not adversely affect FEMA’s critical disaster relief funding and that recognizes the need for a comprehensive solution to the problem of wildfires. 
STATEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION POLICY  
H.R. 2647—RESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS ACT OF  
2015—REP. WESTERMAN , R–AR, AND 13 COSPON -
SORS The Administration strongly opposes H.R. 2647. The most important step Congress can take to increase the pace and scale of forest restoration and management of the national forests and Department of the Interior (DOI) lands is to fix fire suppression funding and provide additional capacity for the Forest Service and DOI to manage the Nation’s for-ests and other public lands. H.R. 2647 falls short of fixing the fire budget problem and contains other provisions that will under-mine collaborative forest restoration, envi-ronmental safeguards, and public participa-tion across the National Forest System and public lands. Wildland Fire Management Funding The Administration appreciates that there is bipartisan agreement that wildland fire management funding needs a legislative fix. The reasons are clear: in fiscal year (FY) 1995, the Forest Service in the Department of Agriculture (USDA) spent 16 percent of its budget on firefighting. Today the agency spends more than half of its budget on fire management activities. This fundamentally impedes its missions, including taking crit-ical funding from programs that help reduce the risk of catastrophic fire, maintain healthy functioning ecosystems, and yield timber production. The wildland fire funding fix in the Presi-dent’s FY 2016 Budget provides the necessary resources for the Forest Service as well as DOI to address wildland fire suppression and rehabilitation needs without resorting to detrimental transfers from other critical for-est landscape resilience priorities. Under this fix, which includes a discretionary budg-et cap adjustment, the Forest Service and DOI could tap disaster funds once they spend 70 percent of their 10-year average of sup-pression spending, which is the amount of suppression funding requested within the dis-cretionary budget caps. Providing this cer-tainty would preserve critical resources for hazardous fuel reduction and other essential landscape restoration projects, allowing for more acres to be treated, and thereby reduc-ing the risk of fire, and the degree of fire de-struction. The Administration’s proposal would im-mediately increase the Forest Service’s ca-pacity to plan and execute restoration projects—including the FY 2016 Budget pro-jection for timber volume sold from 2.9 bil-lion board feet in FY 2014 to 3.2 billion board feet. In contrast, the requirement in H.R. 2647 to fully fund the ten-year average for wildland fire suppression would mean that less fund-ing is available each year in the agencies’ budgets for restoration and risk reduction programs as it is diverted to the ever-in-creasing ten-year average. Additionally, the bill repurposes the Staf-ford Act. The purpose of the Stafford Act is to provide Federal assistance to State, local, and tribal governments to alleviate disaster suffering and facilitate recovery. This bill would instead establish a sub-account within the Department of Homeland Security’s Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency’s Dis-aster Relief Fund (DRF) to provide funding for USDA and DOI to perform wildland fire suppression operations on Federal land when suppression funding is exhausted and the President has issued a disaster declaration for such fires. A proposed sub-account under the DRF should not be used to redirect DRF resources in support of non-Stafford respon-sibilities or to circumvent existing major disaster declarations processes. Undermining Fundamental Environmental Safe-guards The Administration takes seriously the management of Federal lands consistent with the principles of multiple-use and sus-tained-yield that are fundamental to the Na-tional Forest Management Act and the Fed-eral Land Management and Policy Act and in accordance with long-standing environ-mental laws including the National Environ-mental Policy Act (NEPA), the Clean Water Act, and the Endangered Species Act, among others. Application of these environmental laws ensures that management activities recognize the economic benefits of Federal lands and the wide range of goods and serv-ices that these lands produce. At the President’s direction, Federal agen-cies, like the Forest Service and the Bureau of Land Management, are working diligently to promote efficiencies in the permitting and land management process. For example, the Forest Service has established additional categorical exclusions for restoration work, has expanded the use of focused environ-mental assessments, is using adaptive man-agement to allow decisions to last longer, and is better training employees to take ad-vantage of new efficiencies. The Forest Serv-ice is also developing new approaches in the wake of catastrophic fires, such as the re-sponse to the Rim Fire, which burned 257,000 acres in the summer of 2013, in which the Stanislaus National Forest finalized its NEPA work for restoration and salvage in one year. The Forest Service is also devel-oping projects across larger areas, thereby utilizing efficiencies and providing a longer term and more certain timber supply for local mills. For example, the Black Hills Na-tional Forest is implementing a landscape scale approach across 200,000 acres for treat-ing current and future pine beetle outbreaks. H.R. 2647 includes several provisions that will undermine collaborative, landscape- scale forest restoration by undermining pub-lic trust in forest management projects and by limiting public participation in decision- making. The Administration has substantial concerns with the design and scale of the categorical exclusions, provisions related to post-fire salvage and restoration (including unrealistic timelines for environmental as-sessments), and unrealistic targets for refor-estation given current budgetary resources. The Administration has serious concerns with provisions in the bill related to the Re-sources Advisory Committees (RACs). The Administration opposes provisions that limit the discretion of RACs by requiring 50 per-cent of Secure Rural Schools Act Title II funding be spent on timber management projects. H.R. 2647 also assumes RACs can fulfill the role of local forest collaboratives in designing forest restoration projects, though the RACs were not specially set up to do this and in many cases may not have the breadth of stakeholder interest and expertise to do so effectively. Additionally, the Ad-ministration opposes restrictions in the bill on the membership of RACs. Furthermore, the Administration opposes provisions in the bill that require litigants to post a bond when challenging forest res-toration projects. As the Forest Service has demonstrated, the best way to address con-cerns about litigation is to develop restora-tion projects in partnership with broad stakeholder interests through a transparent process informed by the best available science. Lastly, the bill should include stronger protections for ecologically sen-sitive areas, tribal sacred sites, and other important lands. For the reasons set forth above, the Ad-ministration strongly opposes H.R. 2647. The Administration looks forward to continued engagement with Congress to address forest management issues, which must begin by providing the Forest Service and DOI with a comprehensive fix to the fire budget prob-lem. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). The question is on the amendment of-fered by the gentleman from New Mex-ico (Mr. P
EARCE ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico will be postponed. Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
IL-
LIAMS ) having assumed the chair, Mr. R
OTHFUS , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2936) to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 and improve forest management activities on National Forest System lands, on public lands under the juris-diction of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, and on Tribal lands to return re-silience to overgrown, fire-prone for-ested lands, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a pe-riod of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 7 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1716 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ) at 5 o’clock and 16 minutes p.m. 
f 
RESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 595 and rule 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.052 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8357 November 1, 2017 
XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2936. Will the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) kindly resume the chair. b1717 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2936) to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 and improve forest management activities on National Forest System lands, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on Tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fire-prone forested lands, and for other purposes, with Mr. R
OTHFUS (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Com-mittee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amend-ment No. 7 printed in House Report 115–378 offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ) had been postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–378 on which further proceedings were post-poned, in the following order: Amendment No. 2 by Mr. K
HANNA of California. Amendment No. 3 by Mr. O’H
ALLERAN  of Arizona. Amendment No. 7 by Mr. P
EARCE of New Mexico. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . KHANNA  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. K
HANNA ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 189, noes 232, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 594] AYES—189 
Adams Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—11 
Barraga´n Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Cummings Garamendi Gomez Hill Pocan Rooney, Thomas J. Scalise Smith (NE) 
b1745 Mr. POE of Texas, Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS, Messrs. WITTMAN, M
CCAUL, ALLEN, and FASO changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. BISHOP of Georgia and RYAN of Ohio changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . O’HALLERAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’H
ALLERAN ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 194, noes 226, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 595] AYES—194 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.101 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8358 November 1, 2017 
Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOES—226 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—12 
Barraga´n Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Cummings Garamendi Gomez Graves (LA) Hill Pocan Rooney, Thomas J. Scalise Smith (NE) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1750 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . PEARCE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 236, noes 184, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 596] AYES—236 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rush Russell Rutherford Sanford Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—184 
Adams Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.047 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8359 November 1, 2017 
Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—12 
Barraga´n Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Cummings Garamendi Gomez Hill Pocan Rooney, Thomas J. Scalise Sherman Smith (NE) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1755 Mr. CLEAVER changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. FERGUSON changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chair, on the Pearce Amendment, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 596. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. R
OTHFUS , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2936) to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 and improve forest management activities on National Forest System lands, on public lands under the juris-diction of the Bureau of Land Manage-ment, and on Tribal lands to return re-silience to overgrown, fire-prone for-ested lands, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 595, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. O’HALLERAN. I am opposed in its current form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. O’H ALLERAN moves to recommit the bill H.R. 2936 to the Committee on Natural Resources with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendments: Page 41 of the Rules Committee Print 115- 36, after line 21, insert the following new sec-tion: 
SEC. 406. EXTENSION OF SECURE RURAL SCHOOLS AND COMMUNITY SELF- DETERMINATION ACT OF 2000. 
(a) P AYMENTS EXTENDED .—Section 101 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7111) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘2020’’. (b) S
OURCE OF PAYMENT AMOUNTS .—Section 102(b)(3) of the Secure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7112(b)(3)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) S
OURCE OF PAYMENT AMOUNTS .—The payment to an eligible State or eligible county under this section for a fiscal year shall be derived from any amounts that are hereafter appropriated to carry out this Act.’’. Page 21 of the Rules Committee Print 115- 36, line 17, insert ‘‘Any such plan shall in-clude strategies for climate change mitiga-tion and adaptation and any forest manage-ment activity must be carried out in a man-ner that is consistent with such strategies.’’ after the period. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Utah? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. b1800 Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill it or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will im-mediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, schools and counties across rural America are facing a fund-ing and economic crisis. It has now been over 2 years since Congress has failed to reauthorize the Secure Rural Schools program. This is beyond unac-ceptable. Schools and counties across rural America are facing a funding and eco-nomic crisis, and the reauthorization of the Secure Rural Schools and Com-munity Self-Determination Act will go a long way to helping ensure children get the education they need to achieve success in today’s economy. Across my district, I have heard fam-ilies, teachers, and school administra-tors in forest counties tell me about the dire straits schools will be in if SRS is not reauthorized. In Greenlee County, in eastern Ari-zona, the school superintendent shared with me that if the county doesn’t see SRS dollars, they will have to close the school that provides special education services. This is after the school has al-ready gone through major changes to save money. Across rural Arizona, schools face issues with access to technology and the educational opportunities that came with them. Reauthorizing Secure Rural Schools will allow more schools to develop innovative educational op-portunities. In Yavapai County, where they are using distance learning, schools can share teachers. Making sure that stu-dents don’t miss opportunities because they live in rural America is the right thing to do, and reauthorizing SRS will better enable coordination and support for students. Mr. Speaker, the people of rural Ari-zona and America are tough and inno-vative, but the simple fact is that they need resources to keep schools open and educate children. It is past time that we reauthorize SRS, and I call on my colleagues to do so today. Across rural America and rural Ari-zona, the need for infrastructure is only growing. In Gila County, a bridge is needed to make it safer for residents to cross a creek. SRS funding would make it possible for the county to make a greater contribution to get the project completed. If we are serious about passing a bi-partisan infrastructure plan, it is crit-ical that we make sure that local com-munities can begin planning. Reau-thorizing SRS would allow that to hap-pen. Nationally, there are 720 counties and 4,400 school districts that depend on Secure Rural Schools for education, as well as other critical services and programs, like law enforcement and in-frastructure. Rural America is ready for a renais-sance, but for it to happen, we need to make sure that folks have equal access to opportunities in school and in the workforce. That means that we need to guarantee that schools have the re-sources that they need to educate our children and achieve their potential. That means we need to make sure that communities have infrastructure that supports local economies and keeps people safe. That means we need to make sure that rural Americans have a fair shot. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.049 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8360 November 1, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I call on my colleagues to support my commonsense amend-ment on behalf of kids across rural America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the mo-tion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from Arizona presenting this issue about Secure Rural Schools. I am an old school teacher. I understand how significant and important it is. The issue, though, for Secure Rural Schools is not the reauthorization, it is finding a funding stream to keep it going. Unfortunately, this amendment doesn’t solve the problem. It is not re-authorization, it is the funding, and this provides no funding whatsoever. It doesn’t do what we need to do. It sim-ply is another delay tactic. And let’s face it, we are dealing with more significant issues in this Nation, like who is going to win game seven to-night. That is important stuff. That is what we should be talking about. And if you don’t pass this forest resiliency act today, there won’t be enough trees to make bats for next year’s season. Please vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment, vote ‘‘yes’’ on the underlying bill, and let’s go home. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 5-minute vote on the motion to re-commit will be followed by 5-minute votes on passage of the bill, if ordered, and suspending the rules and passing H.R. 3903. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 189, noes 230, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 597] AYES—189 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—230 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—13 
Barraga´n Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Cummings Garamendi Gomez Hill Pelosi Pocan Rooney, Thomas J. Scalise Smith (NE) Speier 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1811 So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I de-mand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 232, noes 188, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 598] AYES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.109 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8361 November 1, 2017 
Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—188 
Adams Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comer Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—12 
Barraga´n Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Cummings Faso Garamendi Gomez Hill Pocan Rooney, Thomas J. Scalise Smith (NE) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1818 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 598. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 594, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 595, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 596, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 597, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 598. 
f 
ENCOURAGING PUBLIC OFFERINGS ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3903) to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to expand the ability to use testing the waters and confidential draft registration submissions, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 419, nays 0, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 599] YEAS—419 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.054 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8362 November 1, 2017 
Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—13 
Barraga´n Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Cummings Garamendi Gomez Grijalva Hill Moore Pocan Rooney, Thomas J. Scalise Smith (NE) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1824 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 599. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 849, PROTECTING SENIORS’ ACCESS TO MEDICARE ACT OF 2017 Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–381) on the resolution (H. Res. 600) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 849) to repeal the provi-sions of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board, which was referred to the House Cal-endar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3922, COMMUNITY HEALTH AND MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS IMPROVE OUR NATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–382) on the resolution (H. Res. 601) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3922) to extend funding for certain public health programs, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 3903, EN-COURAGING PUBLIC OFFERINGS ACT OF 2017 Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that, in the en-grossment of H.R. 3903, the Clerk be au-thorized to make such technical and conforming changes as may be nec-essary to reflect the actions of the House in amending the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Missouri? There was no objection. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS FIRST SPONSOR OF H.RES. 428 Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered as the primary sponsor of H. Res. 428, a reso-lution originally introduced by Rep-resentative Murphy of Pennsylvania, for the purpose of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings under clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
f 
AUTHORIZING THE CLERK TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN EN-GROSSMENT OF H.R. 2936, RESIL-IENT FEDERAL FORESTS ACT OF 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections in the engross-ment of H.R. 2936, to include correc-tions in spelling, punctuation, section numbering and cross-referencing, and the insertion of appropriate headings. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
f 
PROVIDING OFFICIAL RECOGNI-TION OF THE MASSACRE OF 11 AFRICAN-AMERICAN SOLDIERS OF THE 333RD FIELD ARTILLERY BATTALION OF THE UNITED STATES ARMY WHO HAD BEEN CAPTURED IN WERETH, BEL-GIUM, DURING THE BATTLE OF THE BULGE ON DECEMBER 17, 1944 Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Armed Services be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 43, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: H. C ON. RES. 43 Whereas, during the Battle of the Bulge in Belgium in December 1944, the 333rd Field Artillery Battalion, an African-American unit, was among the units of the United States Army overrun in the initial German attack; Whereas eleven soldiers from different bat-teries of the 333rd Field Artillery Battalion escaped capture and tried to return to the American lines; Whereas the eleven soldiers were Curtis Adams of South Carolina, Mager Bradley of Mississippi, George Davis, Jr., of Alabama, Thomas Forte of Mississippi, Robert Green of Georgia, James Leatherwood of Mis-sissippi, Nathaniel Moss of Texas, George Motten of Texas, William Pritchett of Ala-bama, James Stewart of West Virginia, and Due Turner of Arkansas; Whereas, despite the bitter cold and snow, the soldiers walked 10 miles to the town of Wereth, Belgium, where they received shel-ter at the farmhouse of Mathias Langer, a resident of Wereth; Whereas the eleven soldiers were captured by a German patrol composed of SS soldiers, who, after dark, marched the unarmed Amer-icans to a nearby field and brutally mas-sacred them; Whereas, in 1949, a subcommittee of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate conducted an investigation in connection with massacres and other atrocities com-mitted by German troops during the Battle of the Bulge; Whereas the report of the subcommittee identified 12 locations at which American Prisoners of War, Belgian civilians, or both were murdered during the Battle of the Bulge; Whereas the massacre of the 11 African- American soldiers of the 333rd Field Artil-lery Battalion in Wereth was omitted from the report, and the occurrence of this mas-sacre remains unknown to the vast majority of Americans; and Whereas, in 2004, a permanent monument was dedicated in Wereth to the 11 African- American soldiers of the 333rd Field Artil-lery Battalion who lost their lives in Wereth during the Battle of the Bulge to defeat fas-cism and defend freedom: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That Congress— (1) officially recognizes the dedicated serv-ice and ultimate sacrifice on behalf of the United States of the 11 African-American soldiers of the 333rd Field Artillery Battalion of the United States Army who were mas-sacred in Wereth, Belgium, during the Battle of the Bulge on December 17, 1944; and (2) calls on the Committee on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate to correct the omission in the 1949 report of its subcommittee and ap-propriately recognize the sacrifice and mas-sacre of the Wereth 11. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.057 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8363 November 1, 2017 
FTO PASSPORT REVOCATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 425) to authorize the revoca-tion or denial of passports to individ-uals affiliated with foreign terrorist or-ganizations, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 425 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘FTO Pass-port Revocation Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASSPORTS TO INDIVIDUALS AFFILIATED WITH FOREIGN TERRORIST ORGANIZA-TIONS. 
The Act entitled ‘‘An Act to regulate the issue and validity of passports, and for other purposes’’, approved July 3, 1926 (22 U.S.C. 211a et seq.), commonly known as the ‘‘Pass-port Act of 1926’’, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4. AUTHORITY TO DENY OR REVOKE PASS-PORT. 
‘‘(a) I NELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
SSUANCE .—Except as provided under subsection (b), the Secretary of State may refuse to issue a passport to any individual whom the Secretary has determined has aided, assisted, abetted, or otherwise helped an organization the Secretary has designated as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). ‘‘(2) R
EVOCATION .—The Secretary of State may revoke a passport previously issued to any individual described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) R
IGHT OF REVIEW .—Any individual who, in accordance with this section, is de-nied issuance of a passport by the Secretary of State, or whose passport is revoked by the Secretary, may request a hearing before the Secretary not later than 60 days after receiv-ing notice of such denial or revocation. ‘‘(c) R
EPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of State refuses to issue or revokes a passport pursu-ant to subsection (a), or if, subsequent to a hearing pursuant to subsection (b), the Sec-retary issues or cancels a revocation of a passport that was the subject of such a hear-ing, the Secretary shall, not later than 30 days after such refusal or revocation, or such issuance or cancellation, submit to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on For-eign Relations of the Senate a report on such refusal, revocation, issuance, or cancella-tion, as the case may be. ‘‘(2) F
ORM.—The report submitted under paragraph (1) may be submitted in classified or unclassified form. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘passport’ includes a passport card.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to in-clude extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, the terrorist attack last night in New York City comes as a dev-astating reminder that the enemies of liberty will not cease. Eight people were killed and 11 more were injured in what law enforcement officials are now calling New York’s deadliest terror attack since 9/11. The perpetrator of this attack was radicalized domestically by ISIS, high-lighting the grave threat posed by this terrorist propaganda. Mr. Speaker, the terrorist last night was an immigrant from Uzbekistan, but we know that even within our midst, there are Americans who sym-pathize with those who seek to destroy our freedom. b1830 As many as 250 American citizens have sought to travel to Syria, and more than 100 have joined ISIS’ ranks. Many of these individuals have re-ceived terrorist training while over-seas. Some are under the command and control of terrorist leaders who have instructed them to attack the United States whenever. Others are inspired by the perverted ideology of hate that the terrorists post on social media sites. Many of these are American so-cial media sites. These American citizens are a direct threat to our homeland. Unfortunately, our current safeguards are insufficient to protect us against such vulnerabil-ity. In 2014, a 22-year-old Florida native became the first American to carry out a suicide bombing in Syria. He had bat-tled hard and been trained by al- Qaida’s Syrian affiliate for some time. This same American was waved through U.S. border inspections when he traveled home to Florida a year ear-lier. After spending some time in Florida, the man made his way back to Syria to kill in the name of al-Qaida. When he ultimately blew himself up in May of 2014, al-Qaida released a video of his last will and testament. He said: ‘‘You think you are safe where you are in America. You are not safe.’’ Mr. Speaker, today we are at a dan-gerous crossroad. As ISIS loses more territory in its so-called caliphate and it collapses, the threat to our home-land will really grow. Americans who have been fighting with ISIS will be looking for ways to come home to stage deadly attacks. In recent weeks, a man from Alexan-dria, Virginia, was convicted on ter-rorism charges for joining ISIS. He was sentenced to 20 years in the peniten-tiary. This terrorist traitor to our Na-tion named four other Westerners who had joined ISIS and who left Syria with intentions to do harm in their home countries. Law enforcement officials and ter-rorism experts have been warning of this foreign fighter threat for years. This is a serious threat, and we must address it before it becomes worse. Having betrayed our Nation, we must revoke the privileges that come with an American passport. That is why my colleague, the gentleman from Massa-chusetts (Mr. KEATING ), and I intro-duced H.R. 425, the Foreign Terrorist Organization Passport Revocation Act. It authorizes the Secretary of State to revoke passports of those who have joined foreign terrorist organizations. I might add, Mr. Speaker, this is a legal term, what a foreign terrorist or-ganization is. It is only those organiza-tions. These individuals are U.S. citizens, but they betray our country. They should clearly not be allowed the privi-lege of international travel with an American passport, and they should definitely not be able to come back into the United States when they trav-el overseas, such as in Syria. This bi-partisan bill will also stop these Bene-dict Arnolds from using their passports to travel to other war zones or cross borders to attack any of our allies. Mr. Speaker, there is absolutely nothing in current regulations specifi-cally to support foreign terrorist orga-nizations. The Secretary of State does not have the authority to revoke pass-ports on a broad national security basis. It is time our laws change and catch up with the modern world and the new and real threats to our Nation. Let me be clear, Mr. Speaker. This bill would not strip American of their citizenship. It would deny those Americans who have sided with foreign terrorist orga-nizations the privilege of travel inter-nationally. The bill also would not impinge on any American’s due process rights if they want to appeal the revocation of their passport. Anyone whose passport is revoked or denied is eligible for a due process hearing within 60 days. The bill would actually increase oversight on this process by requiring the State Department to report directly to Con-gress whenever the Secretary moves to revoke or deny an American’s passport on these grounds. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-league from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ) for working with me on this bill. We both sit on the Committee on Foreign Affairs’ Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade as the chair and ranking member. We have both been working on this issue of foreign fighter threats for some time, and we believe this is a good first step to protect our homeland. I also want to thank Chairman R
OYCE  for his help in getting this important bill passed in the committee, and also Ranking Member E
NGEL from New York, where this unfortunate tragic event occurred last night. Mr. Speaker, the point is this: the traitors among us who have chosen to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.118 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8364 November 1, 2017 
make their allegiance to a murderous ideology instead of the country that gave them life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness must face the con-sequences. If you take up arms with our enemies, you deserve to be treated like one. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume, and I rise in strong support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, as a New Yorker, my heart aches today. The appalling loss of life on the streets of Manhattan yes-terday is a reminder that terrorism re-mains a threat that demands our focus. Confronting violent extremism re-quires sound, reasoned policies; poli-cies proportional to the threat, policies based on good intelligence, careful analysis, and a clear understanding of what we are up against, not policies based on hysterical reactions or biases against certain faiths or nationalities. I support this bill because it will en-sure that the State Department has the tools to prevent American terrorists from traveling abroad or returning to our country. Under this legislation, the Secretary of State could refuse to issue a pass-port or revoke a passport for any American who has provided assistance to foreign terrorist organizations. Im-portantly, it also affords anyone af-fected the right to an appeals process, helping to ensure due process rights. This bill is just common sense. It is also a vital aspect of the fight against terrorism. We don’t want known threats crossing our borders or slipping from country to country anywhere in the world. The bill we are considering today would not have, obviously, prevented yesterday’s attack, but this is impor-tant. This is just a piece of a larger strategy. The President yesterday called our judicial system, which would prosecute the perpetrator of yesterday’s attack, a joke and a laughing stock. I beg to dis-agree. That is our judicial system, which successfully prosecuted shoe bomber Richard Reid; Ramzi Yousef, the 1993 World Trade Center bomber; Faisal Shahzad, the Times Square bomber; and Sulaiman Abu Ghaith, Osama Bin Laden’s son-in-law, in March of 2014. Mr. Speaker, the judicial branch has done quite a good job in prosecuting terrorists. Let’s show them a little confidence and give credit where credit is due. This is deadly serious. The man sus-pected in yesterday’s attack was re-portedly radicalized after he arrived in the United States. We have seen this before in San Bernardino and Orlando. ISIS inspires its adherents from thou-sands of miles away. That is a problem. And just as this bill gets at a narrow, specific potential vulnerability, poli-cies to deal with homegrown extrem-ists and terrorists should take a hard look at causes and take appropriate ac-tion to prevent this sort of radicalization on American shores. We won’t solve this problem by slam-ming shut America’s front door and clamping down on immigration. In fact, doing so just contributes to the terrorist’s ideological ammunition and recruitment efforts. There are proven ways to combat terrorism, but demon-izing a religion or chipping away at constitutional rights won’t work. Those approaches play right into the tactics terrorists use to radicalize vul-nerable Americans, making us less safe and less free. I want to thank Representatives P
OE and K
EATING , who lead our Committee on Foreign Affairs’ Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan bill gets to the real concern in the fight against terrorism. I am pleased to sup-port it. With all due respect to Mr. P
OE, that is just the way it is. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
EATING ), the ranking member of the Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 425, the Foreign Terrorist Orga-nization Passport Revocation Act. Mr. Speaker, I can’t speak to the sub-ject of terrorism without condemning the senseless and heinous attack that took place yesterday in New York City. My prayers are with all the individuals and families that were affected. My ut-most respect goes to the New York City community that, once again, stands strong, stands together, unintimidated. Mr. Speaker, I introduced this impor-tant piece of legislation, H.R. 425, to-gether with Chairman P
OEof the For-eign Affairs’ Subcommittee on Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. As we have discussed, this legislation works to strengthen the tools we have at our disposal for combating ter-rorism. Put simply, the Secretary of State can refuse to issue or revoke the passport to any individual the Sec-retary determines is affiliated with or has aided, assisted, or abetted a des-ignated foreign terrorist organization. The terrorist treats that we face today are complex. Our Federal, State, and local agencies are fighting ter-rorism at a time when ISIS and other terrorist organizations are able to use new technologies and means of commu-nication to connect with individuals around the globe to fund, to direct, and inspire acts of terror. Modes of international travel are more accessible and affordable than ever, and cross-border flows of people and goods have increased as we have become more connected in the global world. While these are very positive de-velopments for exchange, competitive-ness, and quality of life, we also have to be sure we are managing the risks that go along with this increased connectivity. We have to make it harder for any-one supporting terrorism to benefit from the increased ease of global move-ment. That is why our legislation is important. We must ensure that the Secretary of State has the clear au-thority to refuse a passport to anyone affiliated with or supporting a des-ignated foreign terrorist organization. This legislation provides that spe-cific statutory authority, as well as improved congressional oversight, are in place. It is also important that there are safeguards in place in order for any law to be successful. That is why I am pleased that H.R. 425 also includes a right of review for anyone whose pass-port has been refused or revoked. It is absolutely possible to fight ter-rorism while still upholding protec-tions for individuals’ rights and the rule of law, and it is critical that we do both. In fighting to protect our com-munities and our democracy, we can-not compromise these very things we are fighting to protect. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman POEfor joining me in intro-ducing H.R. 425, the Foreign Terrorist Organization Passport Revocation Act. I would like to also thank Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL for their support with this bill as well within the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I urge that all of our colleagues join together in support of this important legislation. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, let me thank Chairman R
OYCE from Cali-fornia, as well as Representatives P
OE and K
EATING for their remarks. This is a good bill. It is a common-sense bill. It is a good example of how we need to legislate when it comes to terrorism. We are acting out of innova-tion, out of careful analysis, not out of fear. We all feel the sting today of an at-tack on American soil yesterday. As lawmakers, one of our most important jobs is to help keep Americans safe, and there is no worse heartbreak than when we see innocent lives lost. Mr. Speaker, I am glad we are mov-ing this bipartisan measure today. I am pleased to support it. I urge all Mem-bers to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1845 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I want to emphasize again our pray-ers for the folks in New York City and for the appreciation of our first re-sponders, who are always there, as you personally know, Mr. Speaker. And the New York tragedy is an example of how they respond and chase and go after terrorists rather than run from terror. One other thing I want to mention is the Foreign Affairs Committee, we work primarily bipartisan, Mr. Speak-er. That shocks a lot of folks here in Washington, D.C., and it sure shocks a lot of folks back home. But most of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.120 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8365 November 1, 2017 
things that come before the House floor have been bipartisan pieces of leg-islation. We spend a lot of time on legislation and almost always come to the House floor with unanimous votes, or mostly unanimous votes, on the committee level. We work very well on these issues because these are not partisan issues; these are American issues that we are talking about. Mr. Speaker, there are about 61 des-ignated foreign terrorist organizations that our State Department has said are foreign terrorist organizations and, to prevent individuals in America who side with these organizations, who sup-port these organizations, who are part of these organizations from traveling around the world and coming back home, based upon their activities, this legislation by Mr. K
EATING is intro-duced. Keep them from traveling, be-cause we know who those people are, and keep them, especially, from com-ing back to the United States. So what would happen if a passport is revoked and some American is in Syria and is radicalized and he tries to get on a plane? Well, he is not allowed to get on the plane. He is stopped, and then he is turned over, eventually, to De-partment of Homeland Security and our Justice Department and handled that way. Now, there are only a few places under our law where a person’s pass-port can be revoked. Not paying your child support, drug trafficking, sex tourism—those are three of the exam-ples. So we are not talking about a lot of examples, but we are talking about this example. I am a former judge, and I know Mr. K
EATING is a former prosecutor. Due process for Americans is always impor-tant. The Supreme Court has already ruled on whether or not passports can be revoked under certain cir-cumstances, and they have affirmed the authority of the State Department to revoke passports in specific cases based upon national security reasons. This bill allows for due process of those people who have their passports revoked. This is a good step in pro-tecting the United States. This is bi-partisan legislation. I think it is very important that we take this step. Once again, my prayers, our prayers, are for those folks in New York. But, Mr. Speaker, we are not going to allow terrorists to have their day. We are not going to allow them to have their way. And that is just the way it is. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 425—the FTO Passport Revocation Act of 2017—by my friend and col-league Chairman T
EDPOE. I cannot help but see this measure as a common sense tactic to prevent terrorists from entering or re-entering our country. However, more needs to be done to build on this useful foundation for security from terrorists originating in this country or for-eign-based terrorists. Just yesterday, the streets of New York were the scene of carnage caused by a man from Uzbekistan who won a diversity visa lot-tery to enter this country in 2010. He has lived here for seven years before going on the mur-derous rampage that killed 8 people and in-jured 12 others. Clearly, we need to look clos-er at the background of those admitted through this lottery as they could eventually obtain a U.S. passport. That was the conclu-sion by the Government Accountability Office ten years ago—three years before New York terror suspect arrived in this country. The GAO report in 2007 called the diversity visa program ‘‘an open door’’ for terrorists. Ac-cording to the report 9,800 people from coun-tries designated by the State Department as State Sponsors of Terrorism had used the pro-gram to enter the country. These people could eventually qualify for a U.S. passport. We also must be more vigilant about people coming from countries not designated as State Sponsors of Terrorism. The 9/11 Commission reported back in 2004 that as many as six of the hijackers of the three planes—who were from Saudi Arabia, Egypt, United Arab Emir-ates and Lebanon—had used fraudulent or manipulated passports to enter the United States. In 2013, a Saudi citizen entering the United States through the Detroit airport was detained because he couldn’t satisfactorily ex-plain why he was carrying a pressure cooker like the one used in the Boston marathon bombing. However, upon inspection, his pass-port suspiciously had a missing page. Would that have been caught without the presence of the pressure cooker? We are told that even the slightest tweak to a passport will be caught, but one failure could result in a ter-rorist entering our country, and they could eventually become terrorist sleepers who ac-quire a U.S. passport. Finally, in order for the FTO designation to be effectively used to stop terrorists from get-ting passports or having their passport re-voked, our government must make that des-ignation in the first place. I tried for two years to get the previous administration to designate Boko Haram as a terrorist organization. They finally did so in 2013, but how many potential terrorists may have gotten through before then and acquire sufficient status to receive a U.S. passport? We also need to use the FTO des-ignation to identify those giving support to ter-rorist organizations, especially in cases of such support coming from those living in the United States who could be or potentially could be U.S. passport holders. As I said earlier, I consider H.R. 425 a com-mon sense measure on which to build, but we must take steps to make this bill as meaning-ful as it must be for our security. I ask my col-leagues to approve this legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HIG-
GINS of Louisiana). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 425, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. URGING ADHERENCE TO THE ‘‘ONE COUNTRY, TWO SYSTEMS’’ POL-ICY BETWEEN THE UNITED KING-DOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA ON THE QUESTION OF HONG KONG Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the reso-lution (H. Res. 422) urging adherence to the ‘‘one country, two systems’’ policy as prescribed in the Joint Declaration between the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and the Gov-ernment of the People’s Republic of China on the Question of the Hong Kong, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: H. R ES. 422 Whereas the People’s Republic of China as-sumed the exercise of sovereignty over the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region 20 years ago, on July 1, 1997; Whereas the Joint Declaration between the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and the Government of the People’s Republic of China on the Question of the Hong Kong (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘Joint Declaration’’) required China’s National People’s Congress (NPC) to pass the ‘‘Basic Law of the Hong Kong Special Ad-ministrative Region of the People’s Republic of China’’ (in this resolution referred to as the ‘‘Basic Law’’) consistent with the obliga-tions contained in the Joint Declaration, which was approved by the NPC on April 4, 1990; Whereas relations between the United States and Hong Kong are fundamentally based upon the continued maintenance of the ‘‘one country, two systems’’ policy stipu-lated in the United States-Hong Kong Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–383; 22 U.S.C. 5701 et seq.) and established by the Joint Declara-tion; Whereas under the ‘‘one country, two sys-tems’’ policy established by the Joint Dec-laration, Hong Kong ‘‘will enjoy a high de-gree of autonomy except in foreign and de-fense affairs’’ and ‘‘will be vested with execu-tive, legislative and independent judicial power including that of final adjudication’’; Whereas Hong Kong’s autonomy under the ‘‘one country, two systems’’ policy, as dem-onstrated by its highly developed rule of law, independent judiciary, and respect for the rights of individuals, has continued to make Hong Kong the preferred residence for over 85,000 United States citizens, and at least 1,400 United States businesses operate in Hong Kong; Whereas the Joint Declaration and the Basic Law declare that the lifestyle and so-cial and economic systems in Hong Kong will remain unchanged for 50 years after the 1997 reversion; Whereas the Basic Law guarantees Hong Kong residents the freedoms of speech, press, publication, association, assembly, dem-onstration, religious belief and activity, aca-demic research, and the rights to form unions and to strike, among others; Whereas the Basic Law also guarantees Hong Kong residents the right to vote and to stand for election; Whereas although the Basic Law states that ‘‘the ultimate aim is the selection of the Chief Executive by universal suffrage upon nomination by a broadly representative nominating committee in accordance with democratic procedures’’, the actual process 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.123 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8366 November 1, 2017 
for nominating eligible Chief Executive can-didates remains heavily influenced by the Government of China; Whereas widespread frustration with the lack of progress toward a democratic selec-tion of candidates for Chief Executive pro-voked large-scale public demonstrations in late 2014, popularly known as the ‘‘Umbrella Movement’’, that involved hundreds of thou-sands of demonstrators and the occupation of certain public spaces for as long as 79 days; Whereas, although Hong Kong continues to enjoy high levels of economic freedom and judicial independence, certain recent actions by the Government of China are inconsistent with its stated commitments to Hong Kong’s high degree of autonomy and the preserva-tion of the rule of law; Whereas international press reported that from October through December 2015, four employees of Mighty Current publishing house and its affiliated bookstore, Causeway Bay Books, a Hong Kong seller of publica-tions critical of Chinese leadership, dis-appeared under suspicious circumstances from Hong Kong, Thailand, and mainland China, in potentially the most serious breach of the ‘‘one country, two systems’’ policy since 1997, which has had a chilling effect on the freedoms of speech and publication in Hong Kong; Whereas international press reported that— (1) Gui Minhai, a Swedish citizen and the co-owner of Mighty Current, was last seen in Thailand in October 2015; (2) The general manager of Mighty Cur-rent, Lui Bo, and the business manager, Cheung Jiping, disappeared while on a visit to mainland China around October 2015; and (3) Lee Bo, who holds British and Chinese citizenship and is a permanent resident of Hong Kong, disappeared from Hong Kong on December 30, 2015; Whereas Mr. Lui, Mr. Cheung, and Mr. Lee each briefly returned to Hong Kong in March 2016 to ask Hong Kong police to drop their missing persons’ cases before immediately returning to mainland China; Whereas Lam Wing Kee, another Causeway Bay Books bookseller, testified before the Congressional-Executive Commission on China that he was detained by officials in Shenzhen, China on October 24, 2015, moved to a detention facility more than 1,300 miles away, and held incommunicado and sub-jected to ‘‘endless interrogation’’ for seven and half months, during which he was forced to produce multiple, coerced confessions of ‘‘selling books illegally’’; Whereas on November 7, 2016, while the Hong Kong High Court was considering its final ruling to determine if the oaths sworn by certain Legislative Council candidates were in accordance with Article 104 of the Basic Law, the Standing Committee of the NPC issued its own interpretation of Article 104 of the Basic Law in an attempt to fore-close the opportunity for the legislators- elect to retake their oaths and assume office; Whereas that interpretation of Article 104 by the Standing Committee of the NPC rep-resented the first time it had issued such an interpretation while a Hong Kong judge was deliberating on the case in question and only the second time it had done so in the absence of a request from Hong Kong authorities; Whereas according to the Hong Kong Bar Association, that preemptive interpretation was ‘‘unnecessary and inappropriate’’ and ‘‘created the impression that the [Standing Committee] is effectively legislating for Hong Kong, thereby casting doubts on the commitment of the Central People’s Govern-ment to abide by the principles of ‘one coun-try, two systems’’’; Whereas on November 15, 2016, the High Court ruled that the oaths taken by Yau Wai-ching and Baggio Leung Chung-hang were invalid, and barred the two from serv-ing as members of the Legislative Council; Whereas on December 16, 2016, then Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying and Secretary of Justice Rimsky Yuen Kwok-keung filed for judicial review of the oaths taken by Lau Sui-lai, Nathan Law, Leung Kwok-hung, and Edward Yiu Chung-yim; Whereas on July 14, 2017, the High Court ruled that the oaths taken by Lau Sui-lai, Nathan Law, Leung Kwok-hung, and Edward Yiu Chung-yim were invalid and barred the four of them from serving as members of the Legislative Council; Whereas in August 2017, the Hong Kong Government appealed the original sentences of three ‘‘Umbrella Movement’’ leaders, Joshua Wong, Nathan Law, and Alex Chow and asked for prison time after they had al-ready completed their previous community service sentences; Whereas the Hong Kong Court of Appeal subsequently imposed prison sentences on Joshua Wong, Nathan Law, and Alex Chow of six, seven, and eight months respectively, which effectively bars them from running for political office for five years; and Whereas these developments have called into question Hong Kong’s highly developed rule of law, independent judiciary, and re-spect for individual rights, which are funda-mental to its way of life and economic pros-perity: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) recognizes, consistent with the United States-Hong Kong Policy Act of 1992, that— (A) Hong Kong continues to play an impor-tant role in today’s regional and world econ-omy, with strong economic, cultural, and other ties to the United States; (B) respect for civil liberties, open mar-kets, rule of law, and judicial independence are all integral aspects of Hong Kong’s life-style and social and economic systems; and (C) the authority of the United States Gov-ernment to treat Hong Kong as a non-sov-ereign entity distinct from China, for the purposes of United States laws relating to trade, finance, transportation, economic and cultural exchange, travel, law enforcement cooperation, export controls, and other mat-ters, depends on Hong Kong remaining suffi-ciently autonomous; and (2) urges adherence to the ‘‘one country, two systems’’ policy established by the Joint Declaration and the Basic Law with respect to— (A) Hong Kong’s exercise of a high degree of autonomy; (B) its enjoyment of executive, legislative, and independent judicial power; and (C) the robust protection of the funda-mental rights of Hong Kong residents guar-anteed by Chapter III of the Basic Law. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize Ranking Member ENGEL for author-izing this important measure on Hong Kong, the city once known as the Pearl of the Orient. I commend the gentleman for strong-ly advocating for Hong Kong’s contin-ued adherence to the ‘‘one country, two systems’’ policy that has allowed for Hong Kong’s autonomy and prosperity for so long. I was happy to join him as an original cosponsor of this important measure. During a recent trip that I led to Hong Kong, I heard firsthand how measures like this are helpful in keep-ing the pressure on Beijing to keep its commitment to the Joint Declaration. Twenty years have now passed since the handover of Hong Kong from the United Kingdom to the People’s Repub-lic of China. At the time, the U.S. Con-gress played a vital role in the con-tinuity of the U.S. relationship with Hong Kong by passing the Hong Kong Policy Act in 1992. This act established that the U.S. would treat Hong Kong as a nonsovereign entity distinct from China on commercial, cultural, and law enforcement matters so long as it re-mained ‘‘sufficiently autonomous.’’ Since the handover, Hong Kong has continued to be a global economic force and a financial hub. In recent years, however, it has also begun to face increased social, economic, and political challenges, including external pressures. Mr. Speaker, we saw the Umbrella Movement protest in 2014, which was led by youth seeking to liberalize the electoral system and introduce true universal suffrage to Hong Kong in ac-cordance with the Joint Declaration between Great Britain and China. In the intervening years, we have wit-nessed booksellers kidnapped from Hong Kong, Thailand, and Mainland China; legislator oaths being invali-dated; and the jailing of protest lead-ers. For many of us here in Congress, there is growing concern about the ap-parent increased role of Beijing in the affairs of Hong Kong. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, it is important to reiterate here today that our special treatment of Hong Kong is dependent upon it re-maining sufficiently autonomous. We want to see Hong Kong’s highly devel-oped rule of law, independent judiciary, and respect for individual freedoms re-main as the lifeblood of Hong Kong and its economic prosperity as guaranteed, again, by China and Great Britain in the Joint Declaration. Passage of this resolution dem-onstrates our support for the continu-ation of the ‘‘one country, two sys-tems’’ policy in Hong Kong, so I urge my colleagues to join me in support of this measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this measure. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.062 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8367 November 1, 2017 
Let me start by thanking our chair-man on the Foreign Affairs Committee, E
DROYCE of California, for his leader-ship and for working with me to bring this measure forward. I introduced this resolution with Representatives C
HABOT , YOHO, SHER-
MAN, and S MITH, and I want to thank them all for their partnership. I really listened intently to Mr. Y
OHO and also know that we make progress on the Foreign Affairs Committee be-cause, as Mr. P
OEof Texas said, we work in bipartisan measure, and we try to agree on the language and we try to make sure that the U.S. Congress speaks with one voice so that both our friends and adversaries around the world will understand that we put par-tisanship aside. We leave it at the water’s edge, and I think that is very important. I think the kind of people the For-eign Affairs Committee attracts to serve on the committee, on both sides of the aisle, are the kind who keep per-petuating this bipartisan spirit because we have differences in policies, for sure, but we are all Americans. We all want to keep each other safe, and we all want to make sure that America does the right thing and that others do the right thing to America as well. So when we have the incident like we had yesterday with the terrible ter-rorist attack in Manhattan, it makes us pause, as a Congress, and think about what this all means. People in Hong Kong were made promises as well. They were made promises years ago that China would be one country, including Hong Kong, but two systems, that Hong Kong would be its independent system. And, of course, the Chinese officials and Bei-jing regime have tried every which way to go after student protesting, curbing the rights and values of the people of Hong Kong, so this resolution is really very, very important. I thank, again, Representatives S
MITH, SHERMAN , YOHO, and C HABOT . But I also want to recognize Doug An-derson and Sean O’Neill on the chair-man’s staff for their contributions to this resolution, and Jennifer Hendrixson-White on my staff. It is a great example, again, of bipartisanship when it comes to foreign policy. We work together and we produce what I regard as superior products. For decades, Mr. Speaker, the United States has shared an important, unique relationship with Hong Kong. That re-lationship has been based on Hong Kong’s autonomy from Mainland China. This resolution underscores our national security interest in seeing Hong Kong remain autonomous at a time when we have seen some troubling trends. Twenty years ago, at the time of the handover, China made a commitment that Hong Kong would continue to enjoy its special status. Today, China claims that the 1997 Joint Declaration is a so-called ‘‘historical document’’ that has, again, ‘‘no practical signifi-cance.’’ But the UK and the United States believe in international law, and we are committed to holding China to its word, again, a ‘‘one country, two systems’’ form of government in Hong Kong. This approach was experimental when the Chinese and British first de-vised it. You may remember that Hong Kong was a British colony. The Chinese Government essentially said that Hong Kong would continue to have its own executive, legislative, and judicial rights, that the people of Hong Kong would continue to enjoy fundamental rights guaranteed in Hong Kong’s laws. But Beijing is now backing away from its commitments, even declaring the Joint Declaration a historical docu-ment with no relevance today. Meddling in Hong Kong’s elections by China’s National People’s Congress led to the Umbrella protests in 2014. Hong Kong residents critical of the People’s Republic of China have disappeared, while the presence of the People’s Lib-eration Army has grown. The credibility of Hong Kong’s courts has suffered following decisions to send Umbrella Movement student leaders to prison after they had already served their previous sentences. Academic freedoms have eroded. Self-censorship has grown, and journalists face regular harassment. So we are worried, Mr. Speaker. We are worried about Chinese encroach-ment, about what is going to happen to the people of Hong Kong, and about the way China’s newly aggressive posture is going to affect our relationship with Hong Kong in the future. Twenty years after accepting the so- called ‘‘one country, two systems’’ model, China’s objective now seems to be making Hong Kong and the main-land ‘‘one country, one system.’’ This is not what the government in Beijing, the international community, the United States, Great Britain, or the people of Hong Kong signed up for. So this issue raises bigger questions, Mr. Speaker: To what degree will the Chinese Gov-ernment live up to its international commitments as China continues to ex-pand economically and grow in stature on the global stage? This measure says, ‘‘Enough.’’ It sends a message to China that we in the United States Congress expect Bei-jing to keep its word. That is not ask-ing too much. It reiterates that our special bond with Hong Kong is based on our shared values, the values of de-mocracy, and that we want to see that relationship endure for years to come. So I am grateful to my colleagues for working on this measure with me, es-pecially Mr. Y
OHO. I ask support from all Members. b1900 In closing, Mr. Speaker, let me again remind everyone that Hong Kong is special because of its judicial independ-ence and strong rule of law that is sup-posed to be protected under the ‘‘one country, two systems’’ approach. That is also the reason why the United States shares such a strong strategic relationship with Hong Kong. This resolution is a reminder of why our ties with Hong Kong are so impor-tant, and a call for all parties to re-spect the decades-old commitments that have underpinned Hong Kong’s au-tonomy. At a time when China is grow-ing more and more aggressive in its neighborhood, the United States can-not be seen as ceding ground. We need to stand up for our friends. We need to stand up for our values. We need to stand up for our interests. We need to hold all countries to their commit-ments, just as the United States lives up to our own. I ask for all Members to support this measure. I thank our chairman, ED R
OYCE , and Mr. Y OHO for their re-marks. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I, too, want to thank the ranking member, Mr. E
NGEL ; Mr. R OYCE , the chairman of the committee; Doug An-derson; and, of course, Hunter Strupp. I chair the Asia and the Pacific Sub-committee of the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. It has been a bipartisan com-mittee, and to see everybody come to-gether to work on these different situa-tions, and different bills and resolu-tions, it is so important that we project a unified body. I would think China, as they move forward, would look hard to honor their commitment that they made be-cause it is not just Hong Kong they are influencing. It is all of the other coun-tries in the world, and it will deter-mine future negotiations on how China, Beijing, honors their commit-ment that they made with Hong Kong that the other nations will look at. Hong Kong plays an important role in today’s regional and world economy. Its open market and strong rule of law have served as an example to the re-gion of how freedom and a rules-based society can foster a positive environ-ment for its people’s happiness and prosperity. The U.S. has benefited greatly from strong economic cultural ties to Hong Kong, and I would venture to say, the world has benefited from that. We want to continue this relationship, but to do so, Hong Kong must remain suffi-ciently autonomous. Our President is headed on a 5-country, 12-day tour of the Asia area at the end of the week, and it will be his first time visiting China as President. With this resolution, we send a strong message from Congress about our support for Hong Kong’s continued prosperity and special status. Thus, we urge faithfulness to the ‘‘one country, two systems’’ policy, as established by the joint declaration and the basic law with respect to Hong Kong’s autonomy and its enjoyment of the executive, legislative, and judicial powers. Hong 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.125 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8368 November 1, 2017 
Kong’s independent judiciary must be sacrosanct. In closing, I would like to thank Ranking Member E
NGEL again and the original cosponsors: Mr. S
MITH, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. S HERMAN , and C ONNOLLY . Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I commend Ranking Member, Mr. E
NGEL , along with Chairman Y
OHO, Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. S
HERMAN , for introducing H. Res. 422. I am an original cosponsor of this legisla-tion. As the Cochair of the bipartisan and bi-cameral Congressional-Executive Commission on China, I have been gravely concerned by the Chinese government’s efforts to curtail Hong Kong’s autonomy and crush pro-democ-racy voices in this city. Twenty years ago, China promised to guar-antee Hong Kong’s autonomy and freedoms for 50 years through the Sino-British Joint Declaration. These promises have been need-lessly strained in recent years, calling into question the viability of a ‘One Country, Two Systems’ model that has provided great bene-fits to both China and the world. The threats to Hong Kong’s autonomy and its freedoms are progressing. At the recent 19th Party Congress, Communist Party Gen-eral Secretary and President Xi Jinping reiter-ated the fact that Hong Kong’s autonomy is limited by Beijing’s ‘‘comprehensive jurisdic-tion’’—meaning that Beijing has the final say on what freedoms are exercised in Hong Kong and who gets to lead the city’s government. On October 11, 2017, a British human rights activist, Benedict Rogers, was denied access to Hong Kong by the Chinese government. Mr. Rogers was also warned not to continue meet-ing with pro-democracy supporters in Hong Kong by the Chinese Embassy in London. Beijing is now telling foreigners with whom they can meet in Hong Kong and barring entry to those who will not comply. This is a chilling development that should be a concern from all countries and corporations that have an interest in Hong Kong’s free-doms. Maintaining these freedoms and the rule of law are vital economic interests of the United States. The governments and legislatures of the UK and the United States should work together to ensure that the Sino-Declaration Joint Dec-laration remains in force to protect Hong Kong’s unique way of life. Xi Jinping also said recently about Hong Kong that he would ‘‘never allow anyone, any organization, or any political party, to separate any part of Chinese territory from China . . . and that attempts to endanger China’s sov-ereignty and security, to challenge the power of the central government . . . [crosses] the red line.’’ Given Beijing’s expansive view of its own security to include anyone peacefully seeking political reforms or rights protections, these are ominous words indeed. Beijing has ramped up efforts to destroy the pro-democracy movement in Hong Kong. This past year, six elected legislators were disquali-fied after the National People’s Congress in-tervened in Hong Kong’s judiciary. Then, in August, a Hong Kong court issued heavier sentences for Joshua Wong, Nathan Law, and Alex Chow, leaders of the peaceful Umbrella Movement of 2014. Mr. Wong, Mr. Law, and Mr. Chow should now be considered Hong Kong’s first political prisoners. Though Joshua Wong and Nathan Law are out on bail at the moment pending an appeal, they face other charges and may be put back in prison in the future. They likely will not be the last political prisoners in Hong Kong, as other Umbrella Movement leaders were convicted recently, including Professor Benny Tai. Senator MARCO RUBIO and I, with whom I cochair the CECC, have announced our inten-tion to nominate Hong Kong pro-democracy Umbrella Movement for the 2018 Nobel Peace Prize. I hope all Members will consider signing on to that initiative. I support this resolution, but it should not be our last word. In 1992, the U.S. Congress passed the Hong Kong Policy Act, saying that U.S. policy toward Hong Kong was contingent on the preservation of Hong Kong’s autonomy and freedoms. With these fundamental ele-ments being diminished by the Chinese gov-ernment, we should consider amending a bill passed 25 years ago to better protect U.S. in-terests. That is why I introduced, along with Con-gressman T
IMWALZ(a fellow CECC Commis-sioner), the Hong Kong Human Rights & De-mocracy Act (H.R. 3856)—a bill that I intro-duced in the last Congress and which has been introduced by Senator M
ARCO RUBIO and Senator B
ENCARDIN in the Senate. If Hong Kong is to be just another Chinese city, then we have the responsibility to reas-sess whether Hong Kong warrants special sta-tus under U.S. law. We all have a stake in ensuring Hong Kong remains an open city, with the rule of law and guaranteed rights currently unavailable in Mainland China. I support passage of this bill and thank the gentleman from New York for his leadership on this issue. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 422, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolu-tion, as amended, was agreed to. The title of the resolution was amended so as to read: ‘‘A resolution urging adherence to the ‘one country, two systems’ policy as prescribed in the Joint Declaration between the Gov-ernment of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and the Government of the People’s Republic of China on the Question of Hong Kong.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HONORING THE PASSING OF STAN-LEY COOLIDGE AND ROSEANN HANNAH (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, it is with great sadness I rise tonight to honor the passing of Stanley Coolidge and his fiancee, Roseann Hannah. Their lives were tragically lost on October 9, 2017, while trapped in their northern California home as it was de-stroyed by wildfire. What began as the faint smell of a distant fire quickly turned to tragedy as the area sur-rounding Stanley’s longtime home was ignited rapidly by a fast-approaching fire. As Stan and Roseann attempted a hurried evacuation, the house was en-gulfed by flames before they could es-cape. Stan was a retired attorney, born in San Francisco, but lived his last 50 years in the mountains of Loma Rica, California. Roseann was a resident of Grass Valley, California. Both she and Stan were very valued members of their communities. Our thoughts and prayers are with the Coolidge and Hannah families as we ask the Lord’s blessings for comfort and healing at this very tragic, very sad time, as well as the families of all who we have lost as a result of the fires in the West. Stan and Roseann, you will be missed. f 
TAX REFORM NEEDS TO BE NEGOTIATED OPENLY (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, let me begin by saying to my brother, Steve, back in Ohio: I am so very proud of you, your courage, your goodness, and your honor. Mr. Speaker, meanwhile, President Trump and the Republicans are doing everything to railroad tax breaks through this Congress to the top 1 per-cent with no open hearings, with deals being cut in the Speaker’s office. So I say: Whoa. It is worth taking a step back to talk about what a good tax plan contains. A good tax plan puts money back in the pockets of middle class working fami-lies and small business owners. A good tax plan spurs job creation right here in the U.S.A. Yet everything we have seen and heard from the Republicans does exactly the opposite. The goal should be to create more stability in our economy, not raise the deficit. We have got to stop businesses from shipping jobs overseas as compa-nies hold their money offshore. They should bring it back home. Tax reform shouldn’t be negotiated in secret. Why should lobbyists know more about the bill than Members of Congress? A tax bill shouldn’t explode our deficit or threaten your 401(k) plan or hurt Medicare and Medicaid. It is time for Republicans to do their jobs, put forward a budget-balancing tax plan that helps American families, not just billionaires and multimillion-aires; and bring the plan forward in sunlight, not backroom dealings. 
f 
STOP HABITUAL ILLEGAL BORDER CROSSERS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.127 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8369 November 1, 2017 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Ser-gio Jose Martinez was trolling a park-ing garage in sanctuary city Portland, Oregon, armed with a knife. He set his sights on his prey, a defenseless 65- year-old woman, and he attacked her. But the woman fought back and pressed the panic button in her car. Martinez, the coward, fled the scene, but he was caught. Get this, Mr. Speaker: Martinez, after serving sev-eral stints in U.S. penitentiaries, has been deported over 20 times. But the criminal does his time, gets deported, and just comes back into the United States. Our border protectors do the best they can, but they are outmanned, outgunned, and outfinanced by the drug cartels, criminal gangs, and out-laws trying to enter the United States. The Border Security for America Act authorizes a border wall, both physical and virtual, puts more boots on the ground, more boats in the water, and gives more equipment to our law en-forcement. We must keep criminals like Mar-tinez out of the United States. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
DIVERSITY IMMIGRANT VISA PROGRAM NEEDS TO END (Mr. DONOVAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to mourn those lost and injured in yester-day’s terror attack in New York City. The New York City Police Department is truly the greatest police force in the world, and they showed us why yester-day. It is this body’s obligation to pursue policies that help prevent and recover from terrorist attacks. It is a responsi-bility I am privileged to share as chair-man of the Homeland Security Com-mittee’s Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Commu-nications. The alleged perpetrator came to our country legally using the Diversity Im-migrant Visa program. As a matter of security and commonsense, an immi-gration system that selects winners like a game of bingo should end. I also ask that Congress consider the bipartisan STOP Act, legislation I pro-posed with Mr. E
SPAILLAT from New York to help local jurisdictions install protective bollards in areas with high pedestrian traffic. Vehicle attacks are tough to prevent, but the STOP Act will protect Americans and make them safer. Mr. Speaker, I send prayers for the injured and the families of the lost. 
f 
COLLEGES NEED TO BE MORE TRANSPARENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the major-ity leader. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the topic of my Spe-cial Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, today is the early action deadline for many colleges in the United States. Thou-sands of students who are submitting their applications are anxiously hoping for entry into a college, community college, or postsecondary school. As students try to determine what schools are right for them, it is clear they are missing some key informa-tion—information we all wish we had for our children: How likely are they to graduate? How long will it take to earn a degree or their certificate? How like-ly are they to find a job? How much money will they earn if they do find a job? As a parent, I know this information will be helpful. That is why I intro-duced the College Transparency Act. My legislation would utilize and make meaning out of the data we currently gather at the Federal level to enable students and parents to make informed decisions. I have over 35 years in workforce de-velopment and postsecondary edu-cation. I understand the difficulties that people have in making informed decisions about what is best for their future career. I also understand the re-porting expectations for career colleges and universities. I understand which institutions have the information available and how they provide it. I also understand the burdens that occur in providing that information. Despite the incredible investment in-volved and the risk in pursuing a post-secondary education, we and students are left with too little information to answer the most basic questions: What can students expect to pay out of pock-et? Can you imagine that really they cannot determine how much it will cost them to complete a postsecondary program? How do students fare in the labor market after leaving college? How likely are they to fare in order to enter into the labor market? How do students fare on other metrics of suc-cess we all consider important, like earnings, and loan repayment? A prospective student doesn’t have the information about which programs at which institutions provide an ade-quate return on their investment, and on their parents’ investment. As a consumer and a father, it is dif-ficult for me to wrap my head around the idea that Americans have so little information about potentially what may be the largest investment they make in their lives, and certainly, the second largest. I am the father of six children. The reality is that we are in-vesting and putting six children through a college or a postsecondary program. Think about how much money goes into that. Yet we operate in a vacuum on information. When you shop online, you are able to compare products, you are able to compare costs, you are able to compare features, the value to the consumer. At this point in time, try to do that about programs at a college, university, or career school. Try to compare one uni-versity’s nursing program to another; or the architecture program, or history program, or the nursing program in a college. Try to find that information. You won’t find it online. Try to call the university. Good luck on that. It is not that they don’t try to pro-vide it. In fact, they provide reams of data. The reality is that the current system simply doesn’t gather that data in a manner that is useful to con-sumers, the people that ultimately pay the bill. The College Transparency Act would enable students to answer crucial ques-tions, such as how likely they are to enter the workforce successfully, or what their chances are of transferring from a community college to a 4-year college and being able to graduate. Students past and present are owners of the $1.4 trillion outstanding Federal debt, and the clock is ticking. It is time for students, families, and guid-ance counselors involved in the college decisionmaking process to be able to assist students and have access to in-formation that will make this huge in-vestment make sense. Otherwise, we leave young people to make decisions based on: Well, those colors on the band uniform are really cool; or they have a good football team; or it seems like they have a really nice social life. But, ultimately, what we are making is an investment into the future of our children and the future of this country. They have massive money invested, and let’s be honest, we all do as tax-payers as well. We have a huge invest-ment in the preparation of young peo-ple for the workforce. It is time to streamline and update our higher education information sys-tem so that families and students can make better decisions on their path to long-term success. It is time to utilize and make meaning out of the data we currently collect to assist them in making the choice. b1915 The question I am asked is: Why did I submit the College Transparency Act? I spent 35 years operating a pri-vate career school group and working in workforce development. I worked at Chrysler Corporation, moved to an-other company, and also retired out of that field. The point is, I have worked in the field for 35 years. I understand the data that is reported. I understand the chal-lenges that people have in trying to sort out what is the best career path for them, how likely are they to suc-ceed in that career path, and what is it going to cost to go to school? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.129 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8370 November 1, 2017 
This information all exists—and we will talk about that tonight—but it isn’t made available in some coherent manner to students, and we need to fix that. We also can’t tell students how long, on average, it takes them to complete their program. It used to be the day where they used to call them 4-year colleges. The reality, as you well know, Mr. Speaker, is 4-year colleges are now a dream, 5 years is the norm, and 6 years is not uncommon, yet we don’t talk about the cost it takes to do that. Again, we don’t talk about the likeli-hood of completing even if you attend 6 years. The reality is we have to fix that. In my 35 years of dealing with the system, what became clear to me is it is outdated, it is burdensome, it is unhelpful, and it conflicts. It led me to start working on the College Trans-parency Act as soon as I came to Con-gress. It was the first bill that I dropped and submitted in Congress. It is the one I spent the most time on. Why? Because we have a huge invest-ment in postsecondary education, and, even more importantly, we have a huge investment preparing a labor force. I have not gone to an employer since I was sworn into office that has not said to me: We can’t find people with the skills to go to work. Yet we have people who have grad-uated from college who can’t find jobs that relate to their degree. We have people who will go to college for an ex-tended period of time or to a postsec-ondary program who don’t complete, but they meander their way through. They get lost. They don’t have the in-formation to make an informed deci-sion, and then somehow, sometimes, frankly, we blame the consumer. It is our fault. It is our fault here. It is our fault at the Federal Government. We are making a huge investment, and we expect everybody else to cure the problem. Better information on out-comes in student success will certainly assist in closing the skills gap that we talk about nearly every day here in Congress and certainly every day in the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee when we meet. Senators H
ATCH , W ARREN , CASSIDY , and W
HITEHOUSE share my concern. On the Senate side, they have introduced a similar bill—almost identical—to ad-dress this critical issue. I believe on this issue we can get bipartisan sup-port to move forward with an approach to inform the public and the consumers about the decision they will make with their money and, to be honest with you, our investment in their future. The current system is massively bro-ken. This chart will show the current reporting system for higher education in the United States today. If you can possibly read it from there—and we will get it submitted for the R
ECORD — these are all the groups that gather data, all the places it goes, and all the information that is exchanged about students going to postsecondary edu-cation in the United States. I ask you, Mr. Speaker, can you make any sense of that? I have worked 35 years in that field. I will tell you that a student enrollment for one sys-tem doesn’t match the definition of en-rollment in another system, it doesn’t match the definition in the State sys-tem, yet we all report that informa-tion. Graduate information is all dif-ferent depending on the system. None of the definitions match. Now, if we can’t get definitions to match internally in a system between State accrediting agencies and the Federal Government, how is it we ex-pect students and how are parents to understand whether they are likely to complete the program? And, by the way, none of this information ade-quately reports student outcomes in terms of employment and doesn’t pro-vide them any information on what they are likely to earn. And guess what? Earnings matter in terms of their ability to pay their student loans back. News flash to everybody: it helps if they know what they are going to make. A 2015 study completed by Boston Consulting Group indicated $11.1 bil-lion is spent by institutions to comply with regulations specific to colleges and universities. We don’t need more regulations. Good God, help us. We have plenty—we have plenty of report-ing. One of the most significant findings of the study was that small and me-dium colleges are disproportionately impacted by those Federal regulations with compliance eating up a much larger share of expenditures than the wealthier institutions. While we say we need more options for continuing and postsecondary edu-cation, for career and technical edu-cation at the postsecondary level, we are killing those institutions with rules and regulations of reporting that give us that, that isn’t useful to the public that has to make a decision. Imagine that. We have an opportunity to fix that with the Higher Education Act. We have an opportunity to fix that with the College Transparency Act. We have an opportunity now. There are three main goals of the bill. This chart will show you what the bill will collect. First and most impor-tantly, the goal is to provide accurate and complete information that is searchable for students and can be cus-tomized. Think about it. How many people have shopped for an automobile? They have on the website a comparison of whatever vehicle to other similar ve-hicles sold by other manufacturers. You can compare them dealer to deal-er. You can get an idea what features are there. Shop for whatever you want, and then tell me if you can find that about any educational program offered by postsecondary institutions. This addresses that issue while re-ducing reporting burdens on institu-tions. I believe, and I think most of our party believes, that market competi-tion works best when consumers can actually find out information and make rational decisions. They can compare complete information. They can compare the offerings, the costs, and the outcomes. With that competition, we can, in fact, address one of the other concerns we have, which is: What is the cost of higher education? We can compare it not just on what you pay for tuition, room and board, but the return on in-vestment. What do they get for their time and money in a postsecondary education program? More importantly, choices will be made by consumers and not the Fed-eral Government. We have seen how that works in so many ways, and the Federal Government should not be making choices about the future of Americans. If we arm consumers with that infor-mation to make informed decisions, then we can remove the Federal Gov-ernment from the business of deter-mining quality in education and let consumers and accrediting agencies ad-dress that. The bill also replaces a number of re-porting requirements that the Federal Government has, most notably what is called the IPED survey. I did them for years. Routinely, we get questions that don’t match their definitions because their definitions made no sense for many institutions. Thirdly, the bill aims to provide transparency to its students by requir-ing they be posted in a searchable data-base, and the costs would be identified there. Let me go through real quickly in that chart the information that will be available that is not currently avail-able on a searchable basis. You can get enrollment patterns, you can get progress to completion, and you can get completion rates. Do you graduate from a program? Imagine that. You can find that out, and it is the same defini-tion whether it is the University of Michigan or Michigan State where I at-tended. Wouldn’t that be a great idea? You can find out about their postcollege earnings. It is really help-ful. Most people go to college or a post-secondary school to find a job, earn some money, and support their family. Can they do that? What is likely to be the outcome? The cost of the program? I mentioned that a couple of times. It is not just tuition and room and board. The re-ality is that, depending on the pro-gram, your costs are significantly dif-ferent. My 18- almost 19-year-old step-daughter attends an art school. Well, beyond tuition and room and board, there are huge costs for art supplies. Now, we knew that. I have experience in education. There are a lot of people who start these programs who don’t understand there are other costs and what those may be. This process re-quires reporting of that from the col-leges. Also, information about financial aid that is available for those institutions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.131 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8371 November 1, 2017 
so they can compare program to pro-gram, institution to institution, and make a decision that is best for them and their family. That is what we are trying to achieve here. It is achievable. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
ARRETT ) who will speak for a few moments on the bill and its advantages. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, Congressman M
ITCHELL , for his leadership in this amazingly important area, and also to point out the bipartisan nature of this bill not only, Mr. Speaker, to you, but to those people who might be watching at home at a time when it seems that we can’t agree on anything, here we have an agreement in a College Trans-parency Act in how to ensure a better investment for the futures of our chil-dren. Now, there are those who have op-posed this bill, and I can’t really wrap my brain around it, Mr. Speaker. Someone suggested that this might grow government. But that is abso-lutely not true. As a matter of fact, the data that would be made available in this act is already collected. But the problem is that that data is collected, and then it is siloed and accessible only to institutions or government entities and not to the end user. That strikes me as illogical, at best, and stupid, at worst. Someone says it burdens colleges with data collection requirements, yet, again, the data is already being col-lected. What about personal privacy? Does it disclose individuals’ private in-formation? Well, if it did, I wouldn’t be standing here today extolling the vir-tues of this bill which I cosponsored and Mr. M
ITCHELL sponsors that sup-port it again across the aisle to include the likes of the distinguished gen-tleman, Mr. P
OLIS, from Colorado. Instead of disclosing personal data of individuals, it discloses metadata of groups so what we would learn, for ex-ample, is that individuals who majored in X at college Y had an employment rate of Z, and that their earning poten-tial was A as opposed to another uni-versity where it might be B. What more pertinent information, Mr. Speaker, could there be to young people as they seek to choose an area of study and a place to engage in that area of study than their likelihood of success based on those who have done the same thing at the same college or university before them? So we have addressed some of the things that this bill doesn’t do, but let’s speak briefly about what it does do. Without any ability to articulately argue, this bill increases transparency. When you step aside from the realm of national security, I can think of no reason that the Federal or State or local government should be in the busi-ness of collecting data that they don’t share with the citizens who put them in office or the people who fund their endeavors. Indeed, this isn’t national security, unless you contemplate the fact that right now our children attend universities deprived of information that might help them make better choices. So this increases transparency. It creates informed consumers. It allows individuals to decide for themselves which college or university might offer a program that they are interested in, is the best investment of their time, and perhaps their or their parents’ or the government’s money. It informs payers to that very end, whether that payer is the student, a family member, or the State of which they are a resi-dent. It gives us a return on the invest-ment. The fact that this data has been col-lected low these many years, and it took the leadership of Mr. MITCHELL  and good folks like J
ARED POLIS work-ing across the aisle to get us to this point, is lamentable, but we have the opportunity in the College Trans-parency Act to correct these wrongs, not to reburden our universities with more data collection requirements, but to take the data that is already being collected and give it to the end users, the students. So it is with that that I again offer a hearty congratulations to Congress-man M
ITCHELL , a begrudging ‘‘I wish I had thought of that,’’ and I implore my colleagues on both sides of the aisle that while we already collect this data, we do not disseminate it where it would be most useful, and that is to the end users. I hope that all can find a way to join us from both parties in supporting this commonsense measure, the College Transparency Act. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a letter from the president of the Uni-versity of Virginia in my district. 
UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA , O
FFICE OF THE PRESIDENT , Charlottesville, VA, June 1, 2017. Hon. T
OMGARRETT , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE GARRETT : On behalf of the University of Virginia (UVA), I thank you for your co-sponsorship of the College Transparency Act. I appreciate your support of transparency, good data, and enhanced consumer information in higher education, as well as the bipartisan efforts that led to the creation of this bill. The College Transparency Act is a step in the right direction for improving federal data, which is currently limited, and at times, inaccurate. Improving data helps stu-dents and families with the important deci-sions associated with choosing a college, and also helps institutions of higher education improve student success. The Association of Public and Land Grant Universities, for which I serve as the Chair of the Council of Presidents, compiled case studies showing the importance of this type of data for im-proving student outcomes. I look forward to working with you, in your influential posi-tion as a member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, on this issue and many others as Congress moves forward with reauthorizing the Higher Education Act. Once again, thank you for your dedicated support of UVA. Very truly yours, T
ERESA SULLIVAN , President. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I would note that institutions from the Univer-sity of Virginia to the entire Virginia community college system have en-dorsed this commonsense piece of legis-lation. It is a shame we haven’t done it sooner. Let us not miss the oppor-tunity to pass this now. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I ap-preciate my colleague noting both the bipartisan nature of this legislation both in the House and the United States Senate, which, as you well know, Mr. Speaker, some days around here is hard to achieve. Let me note real quickly we have a listing, which I will put up now, of the institutions and organizations that support the College Transparency Act. We are now at over 90 groups that have indicated their support for this legisla-tion and the need for this legislation. I know it is difficult to read from there, but in a moment I will talk more about some of these institutions. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. S
TIVERS ), who is my colleague and good friend. Yes, he is from Ohio and roots for Ohio State. I went to Michigan State, but I will cer-tainly yield to Mr. S
TIVERS to talk fur-ther about the College Transparency Act. Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of H.R. 2434, the College Transparency Act. I want to thank my good friend from Michi-gan, Congressman M
ITCHELL , for his leadership and bipartisan work on this very important bill. This time of year, parents and stu-dents are beginning to make important decisions about higher education for the next school year. b1930 Unfortunately, there is little infor-mation available about what can be ex-pected from the large investment in a college or a university. This legislation will enable students and families to make informed choices about their education after high school. The College Transparency Act will provide actionable, customizable infor-mation for students and families as they consider college and universities by accurately reporting on student outcomes, such as enrollment, comple-tion, and postcollege success across colleges and majors. Most importantly, this information will tell students how other prospec-tive students have succeeded at an in-stitution and help point them toward schools best suited for their unique needs and desired outcomes. The current college reporting system is overly burdensome on institutions, yet it provides little practical informa-tion for students and families due to significant gaps in college data report-ing. Additionally, the data collected only reports graduation rates for students who begin as full-time students and finish at the same institution, leaving out successes of part-time students and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:46 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.132 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8372 November 1, 2017 
any student who transfers and com-pletes a degree at an institution other than where they started. With more than half of bachelor’s degree recipi-ents attending more than one school and nearly two-thirds of community college students starting part-time, we have to ensure that these students count. One example of this impact from my alma mater, The Ohio State Univer-sity, is a veteran named Tami. Tami returned to school to complete her so-cial work degree after her military service. She completed an associate of arts degree at Columbus State, a com-munity college, and transferred and eventually graduated with a social work degree from The Ohio State Uni-versity. She had a 3.9 grade point aver-age in the classroom and excelled in her two-semester field placement at the university’s Office of Military and Veterans Services. Under this system, Tami’s success story would not count toward Ohio State success. Under the new system, it will. Today, the system would not count Tami because she started at one school and transferred to another school. Under the legislation that Mr. M
ITCHELL is working on and that I am talking about today, Tami would count again. We need to make people count again. Tami served our country. Tami got out of the military, came back, went to school part-time, then transferred schools, went to school full-time, and completed her practical experience. Under the current reporting system, Tami doesn’t count. Let’s fix that. That is what this bill would do. Under the updated system, institutions would securely report pri-vacy-protected student level data to the National Center for Education Sta-tistics, or NCES. NCES would be re-sponsible for presenting summary in-formation on a user-friendly website for students and families, while se-curely storing student information. This legislation will help countless students and families make better de-cisions about where to go for higher education, where they should attend. I want to thank Congressman M
ITCH-
ELLand Congressman P OLIS for intro-ducing this important, bipartisan legis-lation that will help so many students and families, students like Tami. I hope we can roll up our sleeves, work together, and get this bill passed. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. MITCHELL. I appreciate the gen-tleman’s notation of the groups that support this bill. I was surprised, frankly, with the number of groups that stepped forward—as I said, over 90—to support the College Trans-parency Act. Some of the groups I would like to stress today include vet-erans groups. The Student Veterans of America and Veterans Education Success, among others, have endorsed the bill because it helps veterans determine which institutions and programs best serve their unique needs and improve their ability to make progress in the workforce to be successful, something that, frankly, we owe them as part of their service to our country. As Chris Cate, vice president of re-search at Student Veterans of America, said: ‘‘Based on recent research, the value of the Post-9/11 GI Bill is clear, as student veterans across the country succeed at rates higher than tradi-tional students. Yet, determining these outcomes is currently a significant ef-fort and not easily accomplished with-out abundant resources. Basing policy on research and data is imperative, and it shouldn’t take as much effort as it does today, as we have the answer to this challenge staring us in the face.’’ It is the College Transparency Act. We currently collect the data that people are begging to get to make in-formed decisions for themselves and, frankly, in this case, to assist veterans in making wise decisions on their GI bill. Let me talk a little more about some of the groups that support the bill, and then I will yield to another colleague of mine. Colleges, universities, and postsec-ondary institutions support this bill, which sometimes surprises me, given what we are trying to do, which is re-make a reporting system and make transparent their performance. Think about it. They support the bill without exception. These institutions want more comprehensive information on student progress, completion, and out-comes so they can better understand and evaluate how well they are serving their students and identify areas for improvement. Institutions also know best student- level data collection will decrease the reporting burden and the financial and human resources necessary to report and complete the requirements of the Federal Government, State govern-ment, and accrediting agencies. Associations representing institu-tions serving the majority of college students support lifting the ban on connecting student-level data to help build evidence and improve the quality of the program. As my colleague Mr. S
TIVERS indi-cated, as well as others, this informa-tion is disseminated and developed only at the metadata level. It is not like we are going to send your Social Security number out and post it on a Facebook page with your employment status; although, in your case, Mr. Speaker, everyone knows well your em-ployment status. According to the Michigan Associa-tion of State Universities, which serves as the coordinating board for Michi-gan’s 15 public universities in my home State: ‘‘The College Transparency Act of 2017 represents a much-needed mod-ernization of the Federal Government’s college reporting system for postsec-ondary data. The current ban on stu-dent-level data in the Higher Edu-cation Act represents a gross injustice to students and families who require and deserve more accurate data on postsecondary institutional outcomes in order to be adequately equipped to make one of the most important deci-sion in one’s life—whether and where to attend college. By providing more accurate information about institu-tional graduation rates, salary levels, and other employment outcomes, and additional information on how stu-dents fare at individual institutions and in academic programs, the College Transparency Act will enable the cre-ation of an essential resource for stu-dent and consumer information.’’ Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter from the Michigan Association of State Universities. 
MICHIGAN ASSOCIATION OF  S
TATE UNIVERSITIES , Lansing, MI, July 10, 2017. Re Endorsement of College Transparency Act, H.R. 2434/S. 1121. Hon. P
AULMITCHELL , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCONGRESSMAN MITCHELL : On behalf of the presidents and chancellors of the 15 pub-lic universities of Michigan and the nearly 300,000 students they collectively enroll, I write to express strong support for the Col-lege Transparency Act of 2017, H.R. 2434, which you have sponsored, and its com-panion bill in the Senate, S. 1121. The College Transparency Act of 2017 rep-resents a much needed modernization of the federal government’s college reporting sys-tem for postsecondary data. The current ban on student-level data in the Higher Edu-cation Act represents a gross injustice to students and families who require and de-serve more accurate data on postsecondary institutional outcomes in order to be ade-quately equipped to make one of the most important decision in one’s life—whether and where to attend college. By providing more accurate information about institu-tional graduation rates, salary levels and other employment outcomes, and additional information on how students fare at indi-vidual institutions and in academic pro-grams, the College Transparency Act will en-able the creation of an essential resource for student and consumer information. Introduced in both Congressional cham-bers, this bipartisan legislation will also serve as an indispensable tool in helping in-stitutions assess and enhance their academic programs. Michigan public universities rely heavily on data to inform institutional pol-icy and to better serve our students. We commend your leadership and those co- sponsoring the College Transparency Act and offer our support in advocating passage of the legislation. America’s students, families, taxpayers and postsecondary institutions will all benefit greatly from its enactment. Sincerely, D
ANIEL J. H URLEY , Chief Executive Officer. 
Mr. MITCHELL. For similar reasons, the Association of Public and Land- grant Universities, the American Asso-ciation of Community Colleges, the As-sociation of Community College Trust-ees, the Dallas County Community Col-lege District, State University of New York system, University of Virginia, Virginia Community College System, Ohio State University, Louisiana State 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.135 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8373 November 1, 2017 
University, St. Clair County Commu-nity College, and many others support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
MUCKER ) to talk further about his views on the Col-lege Transparency Act. Mr. SMUCKER. I thank my friend from Michigan (Mr. M
ITCHELL ) for hosting this Special Order on the Col-lege Transparency Act. Mr. Speaker, I have spoken on the floor a number of times about the House’s work to improve education in the country. I have been proud to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in the Education and the Work-force Committee to improve career and technical education, and I have also spoken about my own experience with higher education as a nontraditional student taking classes at night while I ran a construction company during the day. Tonight, I am happy to be here to talk about ensuring that students, par-ents, guidance counselors, and legisla-tors like us have access to information that can help students make informed decisions about what college to attend so that policymakers have access to re-search and data that will better inform our work on higher education policy. Today, colleges and universities re-port data to the U.S. Department of Education that has been collected by a voluntary survey available only to a limited group of graduates. The survey is not offered to any student who is at-tending college part-time, who is not seeking a degree, who has transferred from another college, or who doesn’t have Federal loans. In today’s economy, we are trying to make higher education more available and accessible to nontraditional stu-dents, yet we omit a large group of nontraditional students from this data. That is just one of the reasons why we need to pass the College Transparency Act. This bipartisan legislation seeks to modernize higher education reporting so that students and families can make responsible choices about what college or university to attend. It will help em-power students and families to deter-mine how much they need to take out in student loans and which programs at different schools provide the best paths toward their dream job or a career. Too many students today are grad-uating with massive amounts of debt. Too many students graduate with ma-jors offering too few opportunities. At the very least, students need to have this data available to them to make in-formed decisions. This bill, as has been pointed out by Mr. M
ITCHELL , is endorsed by more than 80 education and business organi-zations, including Advance CTE and the Association for Career and Tech-nical Education, organizations that represent great schools like Thaddeus Stevens College of Technology in my district. This bill has bipartisan support in our committee, in the Senate, and the House, and it is essential for trans-forming our higher education system to meet the needs of a 21st century economy. So, again, I am happy to rise to speak in support of this act. I would like to thank my friend from Michigan for hosting this Special Order this evening, and I urge my colleagues to consider supporting this important piece of legislation. Mr. MITCHELL. I thank my col-league, Mr. SMUCKER , for taking time out of his busy schedule to come here tonight to talk about the act and its importance nationally and in his dis-trict. He made reference to something I wish to stress, Mr. Speaker, which is that, annually, at the Federal level, we spend $160 billion a year on student aid. We currently spend it into a vacuum, into a giant black hole, in which we hope we get outcomes and which stu-dents hope they get outcomes. Cer-tainly, parents hope they get outcomes so they don’t continue to live at home. We all hope that we can get success for our young people, and we don’t have the information to determine that. Let me also stress that, beyond edu-cational groups, veterans, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and Business Roundtable have both endorsed this bill as being critical to the success of our Nation going forward. I want to stress for you and everyone in this Chamber, when you get the level of support from such a broad range of people, we have to start ask-ing ourselves: Why have we not already moved on this? Why has it not already taken place? We need to move on this issue sooner rather than later. We can’t afford not to. Let me talk about one other group that supports this bill passionately. Students want to know which schools are best fit for their needs. Deciding where to spend their time, their pre-cious dollars, and incur debt is criti-cally important to them. Surprisingly enough, these folks want to do more than go to college, meet new friends, and have a little party every now and then. The vast majority—85 percent—of college fresh-men rate getting a better job as very important in their decision to go to college; yet the day-to-day need, as we have talked about repeatedly tonight, to discern which program’s institutions will best address that objective is lack-ing. The ability to provide that informa-tion is at our hands. We have the tech-nology. We have the data. We just don’t provide it in a usable format. Groups that support this bill include the Big Ten Student Association, Cam-paign for College Opportunity, Young Invincibles, Institute for College Ac-cess and Success, the United Negro Col-lege Fund, Achieving the Dream, Stu-dent Affairs Administrators in Higher Education, Institute for Higher Edu-cation Policy, and the National Asso-ciation for College Admission Coun-seling. They support the College Trans-parency Act. I would ask: How many more groups do we need to gather before we decide to act here in Congress? b1945 In the time I have left, I want to ad-dress some myths. And if my colleague, Mr. SMUCKER , who is still here, wants to weigh in on this, I invite him to join at any point in time he wants to weigh in, because we heard a number of myths put forward about the terrible things that the College Transparency Act may arise. One that amazes me is that while the bill requires institutions collect and report tons of new information on stu-dents—well, can we bring that chart back up of what we already collect? Let’s look at that gem of what we col-lect currently. We are doing this now. Institutions are doing this now. So tell me, how are we going to col-lect tons more? In fact, every student who attends a postsecondary education institution in the United States has in-formation reported on them now, whether they take student financial aid or not, because a 1098–T is filed by that institution with the IRS so, in fact, if they claim credit for going to school, tuition tax credit, they can claim that. There is no information that is not currently with one agency or another. The astonishing thing is the discussion that somehow there is some secret about whether someone is attending a postsecondary institution. It is aston-ishing. College universities, also, because of this reporting, hold the student-level data. They report much of it to the De-partment of Education, to NCES, and to the State Department of Education to accredit the agencies in a variety of formats. The number of formats, the array of those, will totally amaze you. If you would like, I can get those re-ports for you. You can spend the after-noon looking through the joys of re-porting on educational activities in a postsecondary institution, and none of it makes any sense to anybody that isn’t actually in the system, and I will admit, that data doesn’t make any sense to me either. Colleges and universities also don’t know if their graduates actually get a job, unless half the students come back happily and say they went to work and how much they are making. They don’t get that information. They couldn’t as-sist the student with that information if they tried in any accurate basis other than anecdotally. So they don’t try. Why would you? You wouldn’t do that. You wouldn’t make that mistake. That information exists. Why? Be-cause the IRS has a 1098–T on everyone who went to college or a postsecondary institution. That data can be matched by the Treasury Department to wheth-er that student is employed, what they are making, and they can report that, as was noted earlier, through metadata to the Department of Education for de-velopment of reports without reporting one individual student’s information. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.137 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8374 November 1, 2017 
So I am lost in understanding how it is we lose our minds around here about student information being dissemi-nated. It exists. It can be protected. Let me talk real briefly about an-other myth that exists, that somehow tracking the student data will lead to a Federal rating system, the Federal rat-ing system of educational programs of institutions. Well, first, the Department of Edu-cation has tried a number of rating systems over there, all with mixed suc-cess, at best, and I am trying to be po-lite. It is late in the evening. Let’s not be too blunt. But they failed miserably in doing so. They tried to rate institu-tions based on cohort default rates, and those are being repealed by many as being inaccurate. They tried to rate institutions on something called gainful employment, but they only do gainful employment for career schools, because, hey, you know, no one goes to a university for gainful employment. I assure you, my guess is the Speaker did as well, you went to the university hoping for gain-ful employment. I doubt there is any-one in the room who didn’t go to a col-lege or university in hopes of gainful employment. The reality is the Department of Education, as they have implemented this, has tried to create these Federal rating systems and failed miserably. So I tell you what, we did something unique. The College Transparency Act explicitly prohibits the creation of a single database by the Department of Education and expressly prohibits using that database for a Federal rat-ing system. I give up. I don’t want the Depart-ment of Education telling us what a good education system is because look how well they have done so far. We will let consumers decide. We will give them information so they can decide. They can make a wise decision rather than thinking that Big Brother can make that decision for them. If the government were doing so well with it, why is it that every Member in this room has heard from their employ-ers the terrible shortage we have of people in current technical education, of workers? If they were doing such a great job of ratings and informing peo-ple what their opportunities were, why are we currently struggling with the workforce we have? It is a disaster. Let’s stop thinking we can fix it, and let’s let consumers have the information they need to fix it. The bill enables the NCES to aggre-gate student information from relevant agencies with the responsibility that they had to protect that data, which they have done for years. So now they are doing—not create some massive Federal database in which everybody’s name, Social Secu-rity number, is accessible so we can de-termine whether or not you are a suc-cessful student. It doesn’t do that, not even close to that, never has. It pro-vides information on an accurate basis by a program institution of what your likelihood of success is. Last but not least, I talked a little bit about it, is keeping personal infor-mation private, the fears about pri-vacy, and that somehow we can’t achieve that under the College Trans-parency Act. The College Transparency Act re-quires that data collection should be led by the National Center for Edu-cation Statistics. I apologize. I have been using the abbreviation NCES be-cause it has been burned into my mem-ory over the years. It is a statistical agency with strong protocols for secur-ing data and protecting student pri-vacy. It has an excellent track record for doing so. They have consulted with the private sector, pretty good folks, about how to continue to work on student privacy in that data. NCES is already required by law to develop and enforce standards to protect individual level data. As added protection, the act requires, the Col-lege Transparency Act requires, an in-stitute utilize the latest Federal data security standards developed by the National Institute of Standards and Technology. We require that they im-plement those on an ongoing basis and they maintain those. I have to tell you, Mr. Speaker, that is not commonplace in the Federal Government at this point. We are going a step beyond what happens every day in many agencies. Further, your personal information, Mr. S
MUCKER ’s or anybody else’s, will never be available to the Department of Education or to the public. Your em-ployment status will never be avail-able. What will be available is whether all of us who took a program in Michi-gan State University—come on up, you would love the school, some time— whether or not you graduated, you got a job, and whether you are gainfully employed and making money. Now, wouldn’t that be a great idea for the money you put into a college edu-cation? All the aggregate information is available on the programs and insti-tutions we are talking about here. The data developed by the Treasury Department on income and employ-ment, once it is transmitted to NCES, is literally blown up. The file no longer exists. You can’t hack what isn’t there. So I would ask, at this point in time, rather than continue to extol the vir-tues of the College Transparency Act, I would ask all the Members to look at the act. We have a number of cospon-sors at this point in time that I am very proud of. It is a bipartisan bill. I would ask them to look at the act, look at what it is achieving, and if they have questions, let’s hear those questions, and let’s make an effort to move this forward. We are already well into the deci-sionmaking process for young people to go to a postsecondary education pro-gram next year. It is too late for them to get this information, but, you know what, we can get it the following year. And the question I would ask is: How long are we going to wait while we are spending $160 billion in direct student aid alone hoping to get an outcome when we can do better and the ability to do that is at our fingertips? Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
CLIMATE SOLUTIONS CAUCUS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Illi-nois (Mr. L
IPINSKI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks and include extra-neous material on the topic of this Spe-cial Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a member of the Climate So-lutions Caucus to speak on the issue of climate change. The caucus is a bipar-tisan group of members committed to implementing economically viable op-tions to reduce climate risk. The caucus has a ‘‘Noah’s Ark’’ mem-bership rule. Members can only join in pairs, one from each party. Under the leadership of co-chairs Mr. C
URBELO  and Mr. D
EUTCH , the caucus is helping to break the partisan gridlock on this issue and show that promoting climate solutions can be truly bipartisan. The formation and rapid growth of the Climate Solutions Caucus rep-resents a recognition of both the chal-lenges and opportunities and has dem-onstrated that there is bipartisan will to take action. In recognition of the fact that 60 Members of Congress have come to-gether to fight climate change in a bi-partisan fashion, I organized this time for my colleagues to join me on the floor to let the American people know what we, as their elected leaders, are doing to address climate change. We know, from scientific evidence, that our climate is changing. The glob-al average temperature has increased by about 1.4 degrees Fahrenheit over the last 100 years. Sea levels are rising, the ocean is becoming more acidic, pre-cipitation patterns are changing, and heat waves are becoming more frequent and longer in duration. Each of these changes produces a cas-cade of effects that impact our lives and livelihoods, including flooding, changes in crop yields, power short-ages, declines in fisheries, and in-creases in cardiovascular disease. Recent events in our own country, such as devastating hurricanes in the Southeast and wildfires in the West have brought this issue to the forefront of everyone’s minds. Now climate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.138 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8375 November 1, 2017 
change can’t be directly blamed for all these problems, but the evidence strongly suggests that it contributes to each of them, and there are things that we can do to limit its effects. Climate change also has a significant impact on public health. A groundbreaking study published just this week in a medical journal, The Lancet, unequivocally showed that cli-mate change is a serious public health threat. The study involved 24 institu-tions from around the world and in-cluded staggering statistics, such as the fact that air pollution caused 1.9 million premature deaths in Asia in 2015, and that the range of common dis-ease-transmitting mosquitoes in-creased 9.5 percent since 1950. We know that high temperatures ex-asperate health problems and that burning fossil fuels creates pollution that causes cardiovascular disease. The National Academies estimate that air pollution causes around $120 billion per year in health-related damages, includ-ing healthcare costs, missed days of work and school, and premature death. We also know that changing climate has altered the range, in some cases ac-celerated the spread of vector-borne diseases likes Zika and the West Nile virus. Responsibly transitioning to a clean energy economy will not only re-duce the greenhouse gas emissions that contribute to climate change, but it will also reduce air pollution and help all Americans breathe easier. What I want to talk about for a few minutes, before I turn to some of my colleagues, is a very common misperception about the relationship between implementing climate solu-tions and growing jobs. Some people think that this is a zero- sum game. That is, they think if you have more of one, you get less of the other. But that is simply not true. Implementing climate solutions can grow jobs, especially new high-paying jobs. The U.S. needs to take advantage of these economic opportunities. Re-gardless of what we do here in the U.S., the rest of the world has committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions and reaching the targets laid out in the Paris Agreement, as have many cities, States, and companies here at home. To achieve that goal, significant technological development and innova-tion will be needed, as well as infra-structure, markets, and distribution channels to get that technology to the people and places that need it. The national economies that produce this clean energy technology will ben-efit greatly. The U.S. still leads the world in technology and innovation. Countries around the world try to recreate the innovation ethos that ex-ists in Silicon Valley and in other places across our Nation. The United States also has the work-ers who are needed to build these inno-vations. So we have what it takes, and if we seize the opportunity to invest in clean and climate-resilient tech-nologies, then our economy and the American people will benefit as the world adapts to climate change and America grows good-paying jobs all across our Nation. But if we let this opportunity pass us by, then profits and jobs will instead flow to foreign countries that develop the technologies the world needs, and American cities and States will be forced to buy foreign products as they upgrade to climate-resilient infrastruc-ture. b2000 That is why I will soon be intro-ducing a bill called Challenges and Prizes for Climate Act. This bill will establish five or more prize challenges overseen by the Department of Energy to harness the ingenuity of the re-search community in the private sector to solve big, complex climate problems. Challenges have been used in the past by a wide range of organizations, in-cluding the XPRIZE, who used the challenge to jump-start the commer-cial space transportation industry. This industry is now flourishing. I was just recently at SpaceX in Cali-fornia and saw their impressive manu-facturing facility they have there. The U.S. is now relying on SpaceX in order to bring supplies up to the Inter-national Space Station and their plans to soon be flying astronauts. This com-mercial space transportation industry began with those who reached to try to meet this challenge and get the XPRIZE. The Federal Trade Commission also used the prize challenge to help bring a robocall blocking service to the mar-ket, something that we can all very much appreciate. That is why I am going this direction. My bill will create challenges that fall under five themes: carbon capture and reuse, energy efficiency, energy storage, climate adaptation and resil-iency, and data analytics for better cli-mate predictions. Using authority from the America COMPETES Act, the Department of Energy will convene working groups from across agencies, universities, non-profits and the private sector to help plan the challenges, and even to con-tribute to the prizes. The goal of the challenge is not just to reward the winner of the best solu-tion, but also to bring visibility to the range of innovations competing for the prize and to help society envision the future. This bill will help us see what our clean energy future will look like, and I urge all of my colleagues to sup-port it. Mr. Speaker, I want to begin hearing from the bipartisan group of climate leaders who have joined me here on the floor this evening. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ), my Republican colleague. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. L
IPINSKI , for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, serving as good stew-ards of our environment is something that each and every one of us are called to do no matter who we are or where we come from. It is critical in order to preserve pub-lic health. The reality is climate change is real and humans are a con-tributing factor. Congress must take serious and reasonable steps to combat it. As an Eagle Scout and a conserva-tionist who grew up in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, I have always been cap-tivated by the natural beauty of our open spaces and wild places. We have it all in Bucks County: preserved farm-land, amazing parks, expansive forests, and historic rivers. I believe that with these natural treasures comes a special responsibility to care for and protect our natural resources at the local, State, and Federal level. Climate change and the irresponsible management of our resources put a strain on the health of our commu-nities and our children. Clean air and clean water are essential to the health, safety, and well-being of the next gen-eration of Americans. Mr. Speaker, protecting our Nation’s open spaces unites us as Americans. That is why I joined 16 other House Re-publicans on House Resolution 195 to encourage American innovation to im-prove environmental policy and to pro-tect, conserve, and be good stewards of our environment. I introduced the Udall-Eisenhower Arctic Wilderness Act, H.R. 1889, with Congressman JARED HUFFMAN from California. This bill designates the 1.5 million-acre land of the Arctic Na-tional Wildlife Refuge as a component of the National Wilderness Preserva-tion System to protect it from dam-aging activities like oil and gas drill-ing. I have voted to protect the methane rule for stream protections. The Climate Solutions Caucus will continue to be the group that shows Washington how to forego the political gamesmanship and get to work on ways we can improve our environment, address the realities of climate change, and increase innovation with an eye to-wards sustainability. Protecting our environment cannot be partisan, Mr. Speaker. We have to come together to get this done as Americans. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. F
ITZPATRICK for his leadership and jumping in, in his firm term here in the House leadership, on coming to solu-tions on climate change. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CNERNEY ), my colleague who I have been working with for a number of years here in the House, a very dedicated Member, espe-cially when it comes to issues of science and climate change. Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. L
IPINSKI for his leadership on this. Mr. Speaker, I want to talk a little bit about climate. We know that cli-mate is changing, and we have seen it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.140 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8376 November 1, 2017 
In California, we had horrific wildfires that claimed 40 lives and destroyed thousands of structures. We have seen hurricanes more frequently, more dev-astating, and more powerful than ever before. So the effects are there. We see it happening. Now, the thing that we are faced with is that there is a significant section of people that deny climate change. You can sort of see why they are denying it. I mean, if something is in your inter-est, you are going to be able to talk yourself into just about anything. The big benefit of denying climate change is that we can continue to use fossil fuels. If you are a company that uses fossil fuels or produces fossil fuels, yeah, this is what you want. But there are costs of denial, and the costs of de-nial are clear. We are seeing weather. We just talked about that. We are seeing health effects. We have seen that both in terms of elevated temperatures, caus-ing people to have heat problems. We are seeing disease vectors moving to the temperate zones from the Equator. We are also going to see significant in-frastructure costs, like we see in Puer-to Rico now. These are real costs that we are going to pay for the denial of climate change. Now, what are the benefits of climate change? Well, there are significant benefits, from my point of view. First of all, we have been spending American taxpayer dollars to develop technology to fight climate change, or to reduce carbon emissions. I will tell you a little story about my own career. I was working at a com-pany called U.S. Wind Power. With some amount of taxpayer dollars, we developed the leading technology for wind energy. Of course, what happened was that the funding stopped, tax cred-its ended, and that technology that we developed with taxpayer dollars went to Europe. They built thousands of windmills in Germany, and they made a lot of money based on that tech-nology that we developed and paid for right in the United States of America. We also know that renewable energy production creates more jobs than fos-sil fuel production for the same amount of energy. We are talking about a potential to create millions of jobs in this country. Not only that, but renewable energy has a stable price market feature. Unlike fossil fuels, which have highs and lows over a 10- year cycle, fossil fuels are going to be nice and stable, will be predictable. And businesses love predictability. So I think this is also another very good ar-gument. Lastly, if we reduce fossil fuels and go to clean energy, we are going to have cleaner air and cleaner water, a healthier environment, and we can reach sustainability. I think the bene-fits are pretty clear. So where are we now? Well, there are still significant re-sources out there determined to muddy the waters and confuse people about climate change. I have three publica-tions here I want to illustrate. One is called ‘‘Clexit for a Brighter Future.’’ Now, the point of this is that we need to exit the Paris and United States cli-mate treaties because fossil fuels are what we need to power the future. Another one is called ‘‘The Mad, Mad, Mad World of Climatism.’’ This one, if you look it up, is biased, and it seems to be paid for by oil interests. The last one I want to show is a re-spected magazine that is called Na-tional Geographic. And the cover page shows ‘‘The War on Science.’’ So I think we have a pretty good case to make for moving forward with ac-tion on climate change. There will be significant costs if we don’t. Renewable energy is more than cost competitive these days. As I men-tioned, I worked in the wind energy business. We see wind and solar being more cost competitive—more than cost competitive, really—with coal and oil for energy production. So we have the technology, we have the means, and we have the desire to do this, yet we are still hung up here in Washington in terms of following through with government support that is needed with the right sort of policies that will encourage us to reduce fossil fuel reduction. Now, one of the great bright spots we see—as Mr. L
IPINSKI , my friend from Il-linois, pointed out—is that there is a bipartisan Climate Solutions Caucus that has been formed over the last two terms. In order to join, you have to have a Member of the other party. If I am a Democrat, I have a Member of the Republican Party join. What we are doing in that caucus is creating legislation that will help re-duce carbon emissions in an economic and prosperous way. I think good things have a potential to happen. I en-courage the caucus to continue, and I hope it continues to grow. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. M
CNERNEY for all the work that he does on this issue and many other issues here in the House. Mr. Speaker, I am going to go back to the other side of the aisle. I yield to the gentleman from New York (Mr. F
ASO). Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, I thank Con-gressman L
IPINSKI , my friend from Illi-nois, for holding this Special Order this evening, to highlight the important work being done by the Climate Solu-tions Caucus, to develop economically viable solutions to address climate change. Mr. Speaker, changing weather pat-terns and extreme weather events threaten nearly every aspect of New York State’s economy, including our agricultural and outdoor recreational sectors. The recreational economy alone generates $42 billion in consumer spending each year, while supporting over 300,000 Empire State jobs. As we work to address climate change in a bi-partisan manner, we must employ a va-riety of techniques that both mitigate impacts and support economic growth. I am currently working with my Ag-riculture Committee colleagues on con-servation legislation for the next farm bill that will provide important data points on conservation programs and outcomes, allowing legislators and reg-ulators to most efficiently use tax-payer dollars to achieve real conserva-tion results for our farms. These incen-tive programs support farming prac-tices that, among other benefits, like increasing yield, lowering the amount of fertilizers that are employed, pull carbon from the air and sequester it in the soil. In addition to sequestering carbon in the soil. We can also work to reduce emissions through greater efficiency in the transportation sector. Indeed, the transportation sector is one area where CO2emissions have risen in the last 20 years, unlike, for instance, the electric generation sector. One easy fix would be to modernize the air traffic control system to fly planes on more direct satellite guided routes because direct routes save fuel. When Canada switched to a modern air traffic control system, the national fleet was able to reduce emissions in that nation by millions of tons per year. These commonsense changes are great steps forward in combating cli-mate change, but our work is far from over. We must address the real impacts of man-made climate change and em-phasize the need to develop and create jobs with a goal of protecting our envi-ronment. It is critical that we work to-gether to develop smart solutions that will conserve our natural resources and protect our communities and infra-structure for future generations. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to be a member of the Climate Solutions Caucus, and I look forward to working with my colleagues. I, particularly, want to applaud our distinguished friend from Illinois, Mr. L
IPINSKI , for organizing this Special Order tonight on a bipartisan basis so that we can ad-dress this issue and allow the folks at home and all around the United States to better understand the work that is being done here in Congress on a bipar-tisan basis to address climate change. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. F
ASOfor his work, understanding that we are only going to make progress on this through bipartisan ac-tion. I am very happy to join working with him on the Climate Solutions Caucus to bring that action forward. Mr. Speaker, my next speaker is a woman who I work with on the Science, Space, and Technology Com-mittee, who has done some fantastic work on that committee, especially when it comes to the issue of climate change and dealing with climate change. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). b2015 Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. L
IPINSKI for yielding and also for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.141 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8377 November 1, 2017 
organizing this Special Order for the Climate Solutions Caucus. I also want to thank the founders of the Climate Solutions Caucus, Congressman T
ED D
EUTCH from Florida and Congressman C
ARLOS CURBELO also from Florida, where they can see at their doorstep what issues like sea level rise mean to their communities. Mr. Speaker, I am really pleased to join with my colleagues from the bipar-tisan Climate Solutions Caucus this evening to highlight the importance of taking action on climate change, some-thing that matters so much to my con-stituents at home in Oregon, but also to the country and to the planet. This is an important issue that really is a moral imperative. This is about preserving our natural resources for our children, our grandchildren, and for generations to come. Addressing climate change is also vital to our Na-tion’s economy, as we have had some discussion about that this evening, and also to national security, but, really, the health of the planet. Now, the district I am honored to represent out in Oregon is breath-takingly beautiful, and it is really full of potential. The majestic Columbia River is the northern boundary of the district, and the rugged Pacific Ocean is on the western boundary. It has a thriving outdoor recreation economy. As my colleague from New York men-tioned, that is an important sector that cares a lot about the changing cli-mate. I also have in my district the heart of Oregon wine country. People in my dis-trict fish. They fish in our rivers, our lakes, and our ocean. They hike in our forests. They ski in our back country and on our mountains. We rely on those natural resources in our back-yard to support a significant part of our economy, but we are very vulner-able to the effects of climate change. My constituents are already experi-encing challenges: Our wine and agri-cultural industries are concerned about drought as global temperatures con-tinue to rise. Coastal communities are worried about the vitality of the com-mercial fishing and shellfish industries as high levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere change ocean chemistry. I was really thrilled that we had an Oregonian from Oregon State Univer-sity come to the Climate Solutions Caucus and talk about adapting to ocean acidification. Our region has faced higher spring and summer temperatures and earlier snowmelt, and, as a result, a snowboard shop in my district is now selling more skateboards and fewer snowboards. Climate change is not a partisan issue. Nationwide, fishers, farmers, small-business owners, and our service-men and -women are changing the way they do their jobs because of climate change, regardless of political affili-ation. The economic, health, and environ-mental consequences of climate change are well known, and our understanding about how to address climate change continues to improve. People in the United States and around the world are facing threats from rising sea levels, from ocean acidification, from more frequent and severe weather events from record droughts and flooding and rising global temperatures. We can no longer sit back and debate whether we should take action. The time is now. It is crit-ical that we support scientific research about the climate and that we build on, rather than break down, decades’ worth of progress on this issue. Now, one important area of research is the connection between extreme weather events and climate change. Al-though it is not possible to say that climate change causes one particular extreme weather event, it is critical that we know more about climate change and how it increases the fre-quency and the severity of these events. Learning more about this cor-relation can help families, commu-nities, and businesses make informed choices and adopt climate strategies. Now, this year has seen poignant ex-ample after example with so many dev-astating extreme weather events. We need to do everything we can to make sure our communities are prepared to keep families safe. We have had wildfires in the Western United States for a long time, but since the mid-1980s, they have been increas-ing in frequency and in duration, threatening lives, threatening public health and property. It has been unusu-ally hot and very dry in the Northwest. Fires and severe smoke create dan-gerous conditions for all populations. In Portland, Oregon, on Labor Day, the sky was gray, full of smoke from wild-fire. This is especially problematic for pregnant women, for seniors, for chil-dren, for anyone with chronic health conditions like asthma. Residents and communities miles away from the wildfires saw ash falling on their homes, their cars, and throughout their neighborhoods. This year’s hurricanes have dev-astated communities, of course, across Texas, across the Southeast, and in the U.S. islands. About 70 percent of our fellow citizens in Puerto Rico are still without power. These storms are increasing in fre-quency and severity, and lives are being lost every year. Mr. Speaker, it is so important that we take action, and that is why I am so pleased to be here today to help high-light the importance of this issue. As Representative L
IPINSKI noted and others have, Mr. M
CNERNEY and others, we can take action to address climate change and grow the economy. It is not an excuse to say this will be bad for the economy, because we can grow those renewable energy industries. There is so much potential in wind power, wave energy, solar energy. Those are good, high-paying, family-wage jobs. We can grow those economies and address cli-mate change at the same time. Mr. Speaker, addressing climate change is going to save lives; it is going to save property. I am so pleased to be part of this bipartisan group that is working together in equal number of Democrats and Republicans to call at-tention to this important issue, and I will continue to work with the caucus to emphasize the importance of con-gressional action. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on the bipartisan Climate Solutions Caucus for their dedication to this ef-fort. I know it is quite a relief to my constituents back home in Oregon to know that there are bipartisan Mem-bers who are committed to addressing this critical issue. Again, Mr. Speaker, I thank my col-leagues for their dedication to this ef-fort. I look forward to the progress that we will make together on behalf of our constituents, our communities, our country, and our planet. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. BONAMICI for speaking tonight. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman who really deserves a tremendous amount of credit for all of us being here tonight. He is the co-chair of the Climate Solutions Caucus, the gen-tleman from Florida (Mr. D
EUTCH ). Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Mr. L
IPINSKI , for yielding and for his thoughtful and passionate leadership in combating climate change, and thanks to the strong bipar-tisan cross section of Members who have come to the floor tonight to talk about the importance of tackling cli-mate change. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on my colleagues, all of them, to join the bipartisan Climate Solutions Caucus. I started this caucus with my fellow Flo-ridian, Congressman C
ARLOS CURBELO , to start a new dialogue around climate and Congress because we are already facing difficult challenges. We can’t ig-nore it. We can’t bury it in political fights. We need to have an open discus-sion not only for our future, but for the impact of climate change that we are facing today. It is no coincidence that this project started with two Members from south Florida. A 2015 study projected that some south Florida cities could be un-derwater within this century. The study’s author said some cities appear already to be lost. Climate change is already here for Floridians. The effects have hit Florida first. Scientists have warned of warming average global temperatures and the changing climate for decades. Dr. An-drew Clarke of the British Antarctic Survey has spent 40 years at the bot-tom of the planet watching it dis-appear. Dr. Clarke said: ‘‘You can see the entire environment changing in front of your eyes.’’ We now have climate change right before our eyes in south Florida. We see the rate of sea level rise outpace the global rate tenfold. We see the high-water mark jump 1 inch every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.144 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8378 November 1, 2017 
year. Just this week, we see the tides flooding our neighborhoods. The limestone that serves as the foundation of our State is porous. Salt-water pushes up through the limestone from below the surface. Lower bridge heights will block boats from reaching open waters. With 165 miles of canals, Fort Lauderdale faces significant threats of rising seas. Who in south Florida hasn’t driven around their neighborhood and noticed more puddles, more water accumulating on the sidewalks and streets? While many Americans might be able to ignore climate change, ignore the science, based on their own personal experience and your own personal expe-rience at home, we can’t. Looking out our windows, we see what is already there. By the year 2100, almost 300 U.S. cit-ies would lose at least half of their homes, and 36 American cities could be completely destroyed. One in eight Florida homes could be underwater. Those Florida homes represent half of the total expected loss in housing value caused by climate change over the next 84 years. These aren’t risks of a distant future. These are the burdens we are placing on our children and on our grandchildren. In response, and through the work of the South Florida Climate Compact, Miami Beach has initiated a sea level rise plan to lift roads, build up sea-walls, and install pumps to clear water in the streets. Fort Lauderdale is fix-ing roads and drains and sending vacu-um trucks into the streets to prevent saltwater damage, upgrading building codes and flood elevation require-ments, and requiring higher seawalls. In Florida, you can’t put climate change out of sight or out of mind, but it is not just hitting Florida and it is not just the sea level rise or increasing temperatures. The National Climate Assessment has documented regional climate im-pacts hitting every area of the United States: In the Northeast and Midwest, dra-matic increases in heavy precipitation events overwhelm drains and levies, causing flooding and accelerating ero-sion; In the Great Plains and Southwest, drought and wildfires strain demands for scarce water resources; In Alaska, receding sea ice and melt-ing glaciers are damaging infrastruc-ture; On the coasts, increases in carbon di-oxide and warming seas lead to coral bleaching and ocean acidification that is taking its toll on fisheries and the ecosystems. The diverse and interconnected im-pacts that we already see throughout our country explain why we already have 60 Members who belong to this new dialogue, the Climate Solutions Caucus, 30 Democrats and 30 Repub-licans committed to changing the con-versation and pushing solutions that will create more resilient commu-nities. We are committed to understanding the impacts of climate change, the im-pact on our national security; to in-vesting in clean, innovative energy protection; to protecting our public health; and to overcoming the political obstacles that hold up public policy so-lutions. It is time for Congress to come to-gether and admit the challenges that our constituents are already facing at home. It is time to build consensus. Through the bipartisan Climate Solu-tions Caucus, we have brought together Members from regions in every part of the country who are experiencing their own climate change challenges. I invite every Member of the House of Rep-resentatives to join us. Lift up the voices of your constituents, your farm-ers, your city officials, your devel-opers, doctors, scientists, and, most importantly, the families whom you represent. If you are watching at home, call your Member of Congress and urge them to join the Climate Solutions Caucus and help us start the difficult work of building truly bipartisan con-sensus that will help us tackle climate change together and help us create re-silient American communities of the future. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend, Mr. L
IPINSKI , again for orga-nizing tonight’s discussion. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. D
EUTCH for his leadership of the Climate Solutions Caucus. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
UDD). The gentleman from Illinois has 25 minutes remaining. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, with that, I yield to my colleague, the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. S
UOZZI ). Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I applaud my colleague, Mr. L
IPINSKI , for pulling this effort together this evening. Mr. Speaker, climate change is real, and I applaud my colleagues on the Cli-mate Solutions Caucus for working to-gether in a bipartisan effort to try and find common ground and to seek to work together to pass legislation to ad-dress this very real threat. I believe the greatest opportunity we have here is to include efforts to move our Nation toward a greener economy as part of a comprehensive infrastruc-ture bill. We must address climate change for three reasons: first, the Earth is part of the divine creation, and we have an ob-ligation to preserve and protect our precious gift; second, moving toward a green economy that retrofits homes and buildings and installs solar and wind farms will create good jobs at good wages that simply cannot be ex-ported; and, third, the main topic I wish to address this evening, is moving toward a green economy, reducing our dependency on foreign oil, and address-ing climate change is essential to our national security. b2030 Americans rarely talk about it and sometimes forget, but we supported Osama bin Laden against the Russians in Afghanistan. We supported Saddam Hussein in Iraq after we lost the Shah after the Iranian Revolution. We sup-ported the Assads in Syria. And we still maintain a close relationship with the Saudis, despite their support for Wahhabism. Why? Because our na-tional economic strategy and security has relied for decades on access to for-eign oil. Our meddling in local affairs to en-sure the oil spigot flowed freely has sowed distrust across generations throughout the Middle East. By moving towards a green economy and eliminating our dependence on for-eign oil, we can clearly say to the Mid-dle East: We never wanted your land, we never wanted your money, and now we don’t need your oil. All we want is for people of the region to stop trying to kill each other. It will take some time, but moving towards an economy independent of foreign oil is the best way to get there. In addition to eliminating our de-pendence on foreign oil, we must try to stall the rapid rise in extreme weather events, droughts, and desertification that is destabilizing huge swaths of the Middle East and Africa. The number of refugees in the world has grown from 35 million only 10 years ago to 65 million today. War and violence are exacer-bated by the instability caused by cli-mate change. One of the most violent regions in the world today is Syria. The insta-bility in Syria began with droughts that destroyed the livelihoods of the Syrian people that rely upon an econ-omy which is 85 percent agrarian. When people lost their farms, they fled to the cities looking for work, but, of course, they could not find it. Then they looked to the Assad government, but, of course, were ignored. Fomented by the Arab Spring, they began to re-volt. The result? The Syrian Govern-ment has killed almost a half million of its own people and millions more refugees. This story is being repeated throughout the region. Although the people suffering are thousands of miles away from the United States, our national security is threatened by these failing states. The rise of ISIS in Syria and Iraq is a prime example of the impact of failed states on Western security. Mass migrations by those seeking to alleviate suffering, millions seeking political and eco-nomic reforms place pressure on cor-rupt and incompetent governments that are unable to respond to the needs of a population seeking opportunity and hope. Our enemies who wish to foment in-stability—Russia, Iran, North Korea, and violent terrorist factions—are aided by the effects of climate change and the instability it causes. We must do everything we can to stall the growth of this nefarious trend. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.145 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8379 November 1, 2017 
The good news is that there is a growing bipartisan consensus in the Climate Solutions Caucus and the armed services community that we must act. The Armed Services Com-mittee in the 2008 National Defense Au-thorization Act acknowledged that ‘‘climate change is a direct threat to the national security of the United States,’’ and that ‘‘the Department of Defense must ensure that it is prepared to conduct operations both today and in the future, and that it is prepared to address the effects of changing climate on threat assessments, resources, and readiness.’’ Secretary of Defense Mattis has said, ‘‘Climate change can be a driver of in-stability, and the Department of De-fense must pay attention to the poten-tial adverse impacts generated by this phenomenon.’’ Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Joseph Dunford has said that climate change and rising sea levels pose serious long-term threats to the country. The number of natural disas-ters will increase in the coming years, along with ‘‘the requirement for hu-manitarian assistance’’ and the re-sponse required for the military for ci-vilian disasters. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank again my colleagues for the work that they have done to try and bring the issue of climate change to the American peo-ple, and to try and find solutions to this very real problem that is not only affecting us here at home, but our na-tional security throughout the world. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for all of his work on this and other issues. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gen-tleman from California (Mr. C
ARBAJAL ), my colleague. Mr. CARBAJAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. L
IPINSKI for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, we are out of time to debate the reality of climate change. Its effects are already here. Recently, each year has brought with it record- breaking droughts, hurricanes, and natural disasters. My home State of California just ex-perienced our deadliest wildfire season yet. This year alone, natural disasters will cost more than $22 billion in recov-ery efforts. That is why I am proud to work with my colleague and cofounder of the Climate Solutions Caucus, Mr. C
URBELO , to introduce the bipartisan Coastal State Climate Preparedness Act, H.R. 3533, which will help coastal States better plan for extreme weather events and implement climate change adaptation strategies. We can save lives, homes, and bil-lions of tax dollars by encouraging these vulnerable communities to pre-pare their infrastructure for the im-pacts of climate change. After severe weather events like Hur-ricanes Maria and Harvey, it is impera-tive that we invest in readying our in-frastructure for the next extreme weather event. Moreover, we also need to invest in developing renewable en-ergy sources. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the House to join me and Mr. CURBELO  in this effort. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. C
ARBAJAL for his work. That was a great lead-in to our next speaker. We just had, a couple of speakers ago, the Democratic co-chair of the Climate So-lutions Caucus. Our next speaker is the Republican co-chair. I give him a lot of credit and I thank him for the work that he has done in putting this caucus together. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ). Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I am grateful to my colleague from Illinois for leading this special discus-sion tonight. I am grateful to have the opportunity to come here for a few minutes. And more than anything, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, Republicans and Democrats, who have stepped up and said: Enough of the demagoguery, enough of the fact-less conversation. Let’s focus on what is happening in the world, on how human beings are contributing to it, and let’s try to make the situation bet-ter. I oftentimes say that, on this climate issue, neither the deniers nor the alarmists have much to offer. It is the men and women who are willing to sit at the table and have a sober conversa-tion that can really help solve this problem. There are a lot of people who are counting on us to solve this prob-lem. Sea level rise is a reality. It is hap-pening all over the world. Mr. Speaker, you might understand why this might be important to me. I represent a com-munity where most people live near sea level and near the sea. This is a real concern, especially in the Florida Keys, one of the most attractive and dynamic parts of the country, an area that is re-covering. We hope our fellow Ameri-cans will help us continue recovering after Hurricane Irma. The Florida Keys and most of south Florida are significantly exposed to this sea level rise challenge, and we know that human activity is at least, in part, responsible for this dynamic. The Climate Solutions Caucus is not about blaming people. It is not about pointing the finger. It is about coming up with solutions. I think there are really three phases to our caucus and our work. The first phase was to bring Republicans and Democrats together, sit at the table, have a discussion about our different perspectives on this issue, invite in some key witnesses to help inform us. We have done that. We have done a good job. Caucus members have a very good relationship, a good rapport. The next phase has been to block anti-climate legislation. We have done that successfully here with some ap-propriations amendment where the caucus has come together and said: No. We are not going to prohibit the De-fense Department from assessing the risks associated with climate change. Again, this is critical in my district. I happen to represent Naval Air Sta-tion Key West, where the men and women of the Navy work hard to train and prepare to defend our country overseas. That is a facility that is ex-posed to this threat. We came together and we defeated an amendment that would have prohibited the Defense Department from assessing these risks. I am really excited for the next phase of the caucus, which I hope we can reach during this Congress, which is to find legislation that we can all get be-hind and say that these are reasonable solutions that not only help the envi-ronment and help guarantee that we are going to hand off to our children and grandchildren the same beautiful Earth that we inherited, but also that we are going to provide opportunities for American innovation and growth, and new good jobs, high-paying jobs, for young men and women from all over this country. That is going to be very exciting, and we are all working together to get to that day where we can promote an agenda in this Con-gress that will bring Republicans and Democrats together behind a pro-envi-ronment, pro-growth policy that will save this planet and keep our country on the cutting edge of innovation, lead-ing the world. This is a not an issue that we should shy away from. We should rise to this occasion. This is the country that has led the entire world through a host of different challenges over the last cou-ple centuries. We can also do it on this climate issue, but I think we can only do it if we do it together. Mr. Speaker, I thank all of my col-leagues, but especially my Democratic colleagues tonight who have led this Special Order, organized this Special Order. I think we all would like to in-vite our colleagues from both sides of the aisle to join the caucus, especially on my side. We are up to 30 Repub-licans, 30 Democrats. That is very ex-citing. When I arrived here a couple years ago, I probably had only two or three Republican colleagues who were even willing to discuss this issue, and now there are 30 on the record. Let’s keep the caucus growing, let’s keep it strong, let’s work together, and let’s change the world for the better. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. C
URBELO for his leadership and for pointing out some of the victories that we already have had here on this House floor, the Climate Solutions Caucus. That is just the beginning. There will be plenty more to come as we grow this caucus and do the work that we are here to do. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. P
ANETTA ), a fresh-man Member who is already making a big splash here getting a lot done in Washington, working especially on a bipartisan basis on a lot of these issues, getting some good things done. Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate Mr. L
IPINSKI ’s kind words, but I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.147 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8380 November 1, 2017 
think he and I know best that we had good teachers to help us understand what it takes to get things done here in the United States Congress, and, most importantly, that is the ability to work together. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand here today with all of my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, who are on the Climate Solutions Caucus. As you have heard tonight, and as we know, the Climate Solutions Caucus is a bipartisan caucus that gives Demo-crats and Republicans the opportunity to sit down and to discuss ways not only to protect our environment, but to protect our homes, our Nation’s economy, and our Nation’s security. Yes, this caucus consists of people from separate political parties, but all of us are united in our belief that we must have this dialogue to defend our future. Being from the central coast of Cali-fornia, where we have over 120 miles of stunning coastline in my district, we understand the vulnerability that comes with rising sea levels, something that can impact our economy, our se-curity, and, of course, our daily lives. The co-chairs of the Climate Solu-tions Caucus, Florida Representatives C
ARLOS CURBELO and T EDDEUTCH , they understand and they appreciate that threat, for earlier this year Florida was pummeled by Hurricane Irma and the subsequent severe flooding, a storm that affected the lives of millions of Americans and cost billions in recovery and cleanup efforts. We have seen that at times of crisis like that, despite the damage and de-spite our differences, our government and even this Congress can come to-gether and put back together those communities. That is our government during an emergency, and at times where there are storms, where there is damage, we are motivated to come to-gether and govern. This year, my district saw this type of governing due to damage it suffered during the major winter storms earlier in 2017. b2045 Every county in my district saw dev-astation. One county in particular, Monterey County, suffered an extreme amount of damage—the town of Big Sur, along the coast of California, in particular. The northern route of High-way 1, going into Big Sur, suffered a knockout of a major bridge. The south-ern route had a major landslide, leav-ing that community isolated. But I can tell you, 2 weeks ago, I stood on the brand-new bridge that was built. And as I was standing there, to me, it was a story of the people of Big Sur, very resilient, always coming back from these types of situations. But it was also the story of govern-ment working, people and government coming together, getting things done to help people. Now, just prior to that, I had read a New York Times editorial, where the title of that editorial was, ‘‘We Used to Build Things.’’ And it was by David Brooks, and he talked about this big fire called the Big Burn, back in the early 1900s, that started in Washington and Oregon and spread throughout the upper West, all the way into Montana. And from that devastating fire arose something, and that was the U.S. For-est Service. When I read that article, it reminded me that, throughout the history of this Nation, we have always built things to help people. We have engineered infra-structure to energize our economy, and we have expanded agencies to em-bolden and to empower our commu-nities and the people who live there. So now, after the storms on the West Coast, after the flooding in the Mid-west, and after the hurricanes on the East Coast, it is our turn. It is time for this generation, our generation, to build things in a smart and resilient fashion, so that future generations are secure and safe in their homes and in their communities. And we need to start by focusing on and building infra-structure that is strong and stable to sustain the inevitable intense storms of the future. Now, we know, and what has been confirmed by the nonpartisan Federal Government Accountability Office, that extreme weather events are al-ready costing U.S. taxpayers billions and billions of dollars each year. Ac-cording to that GAO report, the Fed-eral Government spent more than $350 billion over the last decade on losses to private property and disaster assist-ance programs from natural disasters. Now, that amount doesn’t even in-clude the massive price tag on the re-covery effort from this year’s hurri-canes and fires that are expected to be amongst the costliest in our Nation’s history. And we know that it is going to get worse as storms are more in-tense, and recovery efforts are going to cost more. So we need to recognize and we need to realize the need for smart rebuilding. Now, after the 2012 hurricane up in New York, Hurricane Sandy, there was a Rebuilding Task Force that was put together, and it recommended that Federal flood protection measures should entail that projects receiving Federal dollars, they should comply with elevation and flood-proofing measures to avoid rebuilding them after future storms. The report wanted to ensure that we do not need to pay multiple times to repair for flooding damages in flood-impacted areas. In 2015, the administration put for-ward the Federal Flood Risk Manage-ment Standard. That was a standard that set out that federally financed in-frastructure projects must be built to withstand future storms and flooding. That standard was meant to ensure that taxpayer dollars are spent wisely and communities are protected. However, in August, this administra-tion decided to roll back the Federal Flood Risk Management Standard, a decision that was compounded by its poor timing, as it was announced 2 weeks before the hurricanes that ripped apart Houston, Florida, and Puerto Rico. So last month, Congressman CURBELO and I introduced the Federal Infrastructure Flood Resiliency Act, a bipartisan bill that ensures that Fed-eral agencies complete implementation of a Federal Flood Risk Management Standard; such a standard that will not just benefit our coastal communities, it will help our government, and it will help our country, because we know that every dollar that is invested in flood mitigation efforts results in $4 in saved flood recovery costs. This is something that Republicans and Demo-crats understand. After Hurricane Harvey, the Gov-ernor of Texas, Mr. Abbott, stated: ‘‘As we go through the build-out phase, and rebuilding Texas, part of our focus must be on rebuilding in a way that will prevent a disaster like this from happening again.’’ Mr. Speaker, by investing in more re-silient project designs, our commu-nities will be able to recover quickly, and they will be protected against any future flooding. Taking these prudent steps will save taxpayer dollars and prevent future loss of life and property. It is a commonsense step that we can take toward responsible, bipartisanship governing; and it is this type of gov-erning that needs to happen all the time. Now, when I stood on that bridge, and I was there celebrating the reopen-ing of that bridge, the reopening to Big Sur, I also thought that this was gov-ernment at its best, where the govern-ment came together, it responded, it reacted in record fashion, and it recon-structed a major bridge. So yes, it made me proud, but it also made me realize that we need to stop just governing by crisis. We need to start governing with leadership. We need to come together to get things done, not just in emergency situations, not just for natural disasters of today, but we need to start governing for to-morrow. The Climate Solutions Caucus under-stands and believes that we, in Con-gress, need to lead. We need to do that by coming together. We do that by talking about the effects of climate change. We do that with Flood Risk Management Standard legislation, and we don’t necessarily do it for us. We do it for our children. That is leadership, and that is why I am proud to be on the Climate Solu-tions Caucus. Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, at this time, I just want to thank all my col-leagues for their leadership on this issue. The time to take action on cli-mate is now. We can’t leave this prob-lem to future generations to solve for us. As we heard this evening, there is no shortage of good ideas for how to do so. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.149 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8381 November 1, 2017 
I want to close by reading the mis-sion statement of the Climate Solu-tions Caucus, which reminds us of the many reasons why our bipartisan group has come together to take action: ‘‘The members of the Climate Solu-tions Caucus acknowledge the fact that, if left unaddressed, the con-sequences of a changing climate have the potential to adversely affect the health of all Americans and the strength of our economy, consequently imposing substantial costs on both State and Federal budgets. ‘‘By seeking to reduce climate risk, we will, in turn, ensure the protection of our economy, infrastructure, and public safety, all while attaining en-ergy independence from the world’s most volatile regions. Therefore, it is our goal to take a market-based ap-proach to substantially reduce green-house gas emissions in the United States in order to leave a better planet and stronger economy for future gen-erations.’’ Mr. Speaker, this is something that all Americans can endorse and support. It is a better world and a better coun-try. So I thank, again, all my colleagues for joining me here tonight, and for their work, all of the 60 members—30 Democrats, 30 Republicans—for their work on the Climate Solutions Caucus. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ADVOCATING FOR PATIENTS’ RIGHT TO TRY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. B
IGGS) for 30 minutes. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include ex-traneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Arizona? There was no objection. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I am here this evening, along with my friend and colleague, Representative B
RIAN F
ITZPATRICK , as we advocate for the passage of the Right to Try Act. This bill, which we introduced together, has dozens of bipartisan cosponsors, includ-ing Members here tonight. We are both supportive of Senator R
ONJOHNSON ’s efforts to champion Right to Try in the Senate. He has been a tireless advocate of Right to Try for years, and his bill has already passed the Senate with unanimous con-sent. If you are watching the Senate very closely, you will know that noth-ing comes out of there, and certainly nothing with unanimous consent; so that tells how strong the sentiment is in favor of this bill. Our legislation allows terminally ill patients who have no further options left—I repeat that, no further options left—the opportunity to try experi-mental drugs that could save their own lives. Yes, there are also provisions in our bill to protect both the patients, as well as the pharmaceutical companies who want to participate, but those pro-visions are secondary to the primary purpose of this legislation. The pri-mary purpose of the Right to Try Act is to give brave patients across this country some choice over their own destinies, when all other avenues are gone. We want to give hope to these Ameri-cans, and we should all share that same goal of doing everything we can for pa-tients fighting to save their lives. This policy has significant bipartisan sup-port. The Trump administration strongly supports Right to Try, and President Trump has indicated he would likely sign this bill into law. Time is of the essence, for time is one thing a terminally ill patient does not have. And the status quo is not the an-swer. The FDA and other agency offi-cials claim that their own expanded ac-cess program is working and continues to improve. There may be some truth to that, but the program is simply not enough; and I know that because I have talked to dozens and dozens of pa-tients, family members, and advocates who tell me it is not enough. They come to my office, they call me on the phone, they write me impassioned let-ters. These same advocates have ensured that Right to Try has become law in 38 States. Think about that for a mo-ment. With one more State, you could actually ratify a Constitutional amendment. And in half of those 38 States, Right to Try laws passed with unanimous support. In my home State of Arizona, voters approved that initia-tive by 80 percent of the popular vote. At a time when pundits are claiming that our politics are broken, and Re-publicans and Democrats can’t come together on anything, here is a cause that Americans of all political stripes can unite in. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ). Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend and colleague, A
NDYBIGGS, for him joining all of us in this fight to stand up for terminally ill patients across this country. Mr. Speaker, each year, more Ameri-cans receive the devastating news of a terminal diagnosis. Even with the amazing work done in American med-ical research and development, for too many families, access to these poten-tially lifesaving treatments will come too late or not at all. Thousands of terminally ill patients, like my constituent, Matt Bellina, suf-fer needlessly while awaiting final ap-proval for drug therapies and other medical technologies. In April 2014, at age 30, Matt was di-agnosed with ALS, otherwise known as Lou Gehrig’s disease. ALS attacks nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord, causing those with ALS to lose control of their muscles. Although this disease stopped Matt’s career as a U.S. Navy aviator in its tracks, he persisted and actively in-volved himself in the ALS community as a strong advocate for Right to Try legislation. While the Food and Drug Administra-tion carries out its three-phase ap-proval process, which can take years and cost billions of dollars, many pa-tients simply want the chance to try treatments that have already been demonstrated to be safe. A bill that was unanimously passed by the Senate will offer them a chance to extend their lives. The Right to Try Act, S. 204, would ensure that termi-nally ill patients, together with their physicians and pharmaceutical manu-facturers, can administer investiga-tional treatments where no alternative exists. In fact, this bipartisan idea is already the law in 37 States. A Federal Right to Try law would prevent the government from blocking access to potentially lifesaving medica-tions. It would require patients to first try all other available treatments and be unable to participate in clinical trials. I want to note that these provisions only apply to terminally ill patients. It does not undo the FDA approval proc-ess but provides a potential lifeline for those who cannot wait. Moreover, it re-quires a physician to certify that other options are either exhausted or un-available. This bill requires that a product meet a demonstrated level of safety by attaining FDA phase I approval. We have worked with the drug companies to ensure adverse outcomes are not used against the ongoing application for approval. Additionally, patients, doctors, and manufacturers do not as-sume any additional liability under this act. For those patients caught in between the traditional drug approval delays, a clinical trial process for which they do not qualify, and limited time, the Right to Try simply establishes the freedom for patients and their doctors to try therapies where the benefits far outweigh the risks. It gives them the option of trying to save their life. Mr. Speaker, whether it is a father like Matt courageously battling ALS, or a brave child living with Duchenne muscular dystrophy, they deserve the right to try. b2100 Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ; I appreciate all that he has done and continues to do in this cause, this important cause. He is a great leader in this, and I am grateful for all of his effort here. At this point, Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. G
AETZ ). Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank him for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.151 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8382 November 1, 2017 
his leadership on this issue on behalf of the terminally ill. I would also like to thank Senator J
OHNSON for marshaling together the resources of the Senate to bring this legislation to a head. I ran for public office because I was tired of the government playing too large a role in the decisions people make in their private lives, in their homes, and in their businesses. We live in a world today where the government wants to tell you where you have got to send your kids to school, what kind of healthcare plan you have got to buy, what regulations you have to comply with, and how much money they are going to take out of your paycheck each and every month. I certainly don’t think the govern-ment ought to play a role in deciding how someone deals with treatment at the end of life. That is why I am a proud cosponsor of the Right to Try Act with Representative B
IGGS, Rep-resentative F
ITZPATRICK , and so many others. My frustration lies with any re-gime, regulatory or otherwise, that would impair a patient’s decision to use any medication to be able to allevi-ate their symptoms or improve their quality of life in their final days. It is absolutely ludicrous to me that, in today’s world, we don’t allow termi-nally ill people in every corner of this great country to be able to use medical cannabis to alleviate their pain and suffering, particularly at the end of life. It is so frustrating to me that the Federal Government has lied to this country for a generation about medical cannabis, saying that it has no medical value. Well, I can tell you, Mr. Speak-er, that is absolutely not true. I have met with patients in my district who have received terminal diagnoses, who have been told by their doctors not to buy green bananas, and yet those folks courageously move forward trying to be a part of their own treatment and to be a part of their own clinical plan moving forward. Too often, doctors, whether it is at the VA or in private practice, aren’t able to counsel their patients and give them advice and comfort that there is a substance in medical cannabis which has proven in some circumstances to have medical value. Stage IV of terminal cancer includes symptoms like loss of appetite, which can be helped by cannabis, chronic pain, shortness of breath, difficulty breathing, chemotherapy-induced nau-sea. All of these things can be helped by medical cannabis. Those who are in stage III of AIDS have sleeplessness and weight loss that can be helped by medical cannabis. Cannabis has shown great promise in the treatment of Alzheimer’s, Crohn’s Disease, multiple sclerosis, and epi-lepsy, where there are refractory sei-zures, at times, 30 or 40 seizures a day. Mr. Speaker, in this great country, we will have people who will receive terminal diagnoses each and every day. I say let’s get the government out of their way. Let’s let the decisions that impact the healthcare of patients be made by those patients and their fam-ily members and their doctors, not a bunch of politicians and bureaucrats in Washington. As people fall ill, it is my position that this Right to Try Act can help them, and certainly the inclusion of medical cannabis into this legislation would make it a great deal more useful and a great deal better for those in pain. I thank the gentleman from Arizona for yielding. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for his impas-sioned speech, his position, his com-ments regarding the bill, and his desire to see it altered, but I do appreciate his support of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I am certainly grateful to have this opportunity to yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SMUCKER ). Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague from Ari-zona (Mr. B
IGGS) for hosting tonight’s Special Order. I also thank Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , as well, for his leadership in this bill. I am really glad to be part of this effort. We could stand here tonight and talk about the FDA’s process for approving drugs. We could talk about the count-less patients across the country who struggle to get accepted into a clinical trial for a drug that could save their life. We could even stand up here to-night and share with you one of the up-lifting stories of a patient who received a lifesaving drug because of a State’s right-to-try law. But we have heard this, and we know all of this. We know the FDA’s approval process takes years. We know there are too few spots in clinical trials for patients in dire need of help. We know that right- to-try laws give families hope and can save lives. What I would like to talk about tonight is the moral imperative we face on this right-to-try legislation. America is home to the world’s greatest doctors and medical experts. It is home to the world’s greatest med-ical schools and hospitals. We have cured diseases that were once a death sentence. We have directed our na-tional resources to fight epidemics that have saved lives here at home and over-seas. We don’t give up. What we do here in this Chamber, Mr. Speaker, speaks volumes. What we do here shows the Nation and the world where our priorities are. Is our priority the bureaucracy of this city that too often misses opportu-nities simply because of its inability to act, or is our priority the patients and families whom we represent to consult with a doctor and decide for themselves how they choose to fight against ill-nesses for which we continue to search for a cure? For me, the choice is clear, Mr. Speaker. I choose my constituents. I choose life, and I urge every single Member of this body to do the same. We cannot afford the cost of inaction. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. SMUCKER ; I appreciate his comments and his willingness to participate this evening. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
OSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from Arizona for yielding. What a great issue. As a conserv-ative, I am an outspoken defender of one’s right to life. But being pro-life doesn’t mean that I am just anti-abortion. It also means that I support the right to try, because life at all stages is worth fighting for. Every year, over 1 million Americans die from terminal illnesses, many of whom pass away while waiting for the FDA to approve a drug that could dra-matically change their prognosis, while others die in the hopeless cycle of trying and trying again to gain ac-ceptance into a medical trial. Think about that: we are losing mil-lions of Americans at the hands of gov-ernment red tape. Now, as a healthcare provider for 25 years, I know firsthand how important innovation is to the medical commu-nity. The Right to Try Act, if made into law, will give hope to the child with leukemia whose doctors have ex-hausted all other treatment options. It opens previously locked doors by allow-ing healthcare providers to try experi-mental drugs as a last-ditch effort for survival. The experiments that the Right to Try Act will allow for have the poten-tial to lead to many more birthdays, more piano recitals, and more camping trips, and offer hope for our future, hope for years to come. But don’t take my word for it. Emily Whitehead was merely 5 years old when she was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia, and her doc-tors quickly realized that she was among a small percentage of patients whose disease was seemingly untouch-able by chemotherapy. The Whiteheads were at the end of their rope. The little girl’s body was resisting chemo-therapy, and the window for many more birthdays, more piano recitals, and more camping trips was wearing thin. Their only option was to join a clinical trial that experimented with T-cell therapy, where Emily could be the first pediatric patient to undergo this treatment. And do you know what? It worked. Three years later, a groundbreaking study was conducted where 63 patients received T-cell therapy for 1 year, and 52 of them became cancer free, an abso-lutely unheard-of statistic with this deadly strain of leukemia. Think about that: 52 lives were saved; 52 families were given another birthday, another piano recital, and another camping trip. What a waste it would have been had they not had the right to try. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank all of my colleagues who have joined us to-night to champion the cause and in-quire how much time I have remaining. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.153 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8383 November 1, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Arizona has 15 minutes re-maining. Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I want to mention how I came to really be converted to the cause of right to try. I served in the Arizona State Legisla-ture with Laura Knaperek, who was also serving in the legislature when I first met her. By 2014, she was no longer serving in the State legislature. She was an advocate. That year, Laura was in the fight of her life against ovarian cancer, and her mission was to see right-to-try legislation passed into law. In the end, her efforts for this cause succeeded beyond everyone’s wildest expectations when 80 percent of the electorate in Arizona voted to enact right to try. But, unfortunately, Laura is not with us because she lost her brave battle with cancer last year. Her legacy as a tireless patient advocate lives on. I will continue to carry on the fight not just for Laura Knaperek, but for all those patients across this country who are battling against the odds every day. I am joined by those who are here to-night, those who have cosponsored this bill, and many other advocacy groups, such as the Goldwater Institute in Ari-zona that continues to fight for this. I fight for Bertrand Might. Bertrand is a very special little boy. He was the first person ever to be diagnosed with a rare, fatal genetic disorder called NGLY1 that has left this 7-year-old paralyzed. Because the disease was only identified by scientists in 2012 and only a few people worldwide have been diagnosed with it, there is no cure and no treatment available. Because the disorder is so rare, a drug may never be developed to treat it. But scientists have found that Bertrand responds to certain investiga-tional therapies. So Bertrand’s family will have to rely on trying those new investigational medications as long as they have access to them. That is why we need this right-to-try legislation. I fight for Jordan McLinn. Seven- year-old Jordan says he wants to grow up to be a firefighter so he can save lives. He has Duchenne muscular dys-trophy, which could leave him para-lyzed within 5 years and shortens his life expectancy to only 20 years. There is a drug now being used in clinical trials that is helping young people like Jordan, but it could take another 7 years for that drug to be available on the market. His parents cannot afford to wait for the FDA to give that drug its final approval. He could be in a wheelchair by then. This investiga-tional drug could add years to Jordan’s life, which would give him the chance to save others. We have already heard, when Rep-resentative F
ITZPATRICK discussed Matt Bellina, his needs and his advo-cacy. We fight for him, and we fight for Mikaela Knapp. At 24, Mikaela was diagnosed with a deadly form of kidney cancer that had already migrated into her bones before she even knew she was sick. She went through every known treatment in a matter of months and nothing worked. Her high school sweetheart, Keith, heard about a drug under development that was successfully treating people with this same cancer, but Mikaela was not allowed to enroll in the clinical trial. Mikaela and Keith launched a so-cial media campaign to try to get ac-cess to the drug, but it wasn’t enough. The FDA didn’t help. Mikaela died on April 24, 2014. Five months later, on September 4, the FDA gave final approval to the drug that might have saved her. I fight for Diego Morris. When he was 10 years old, Diego woke up with a sore leg that his mom thought was just an-other sports injury, but the pain didn’t go away. They knew something was wrong, but they never expected osteosarcoma, a rare form of bone can-cer. After exhausting all treatments available, Diego’s doctors rec-ommended he try mifamurtide, which wasn’t available in the United States but was being safely used and had been given the Prix Galien Award, the gold medal for pharmaceutical development in England. The Morris family wasted no time and made the move abroad to try to save Diego’s life. The treatments worked. Now Diego is back home in Phoenix and back to playing his favor-ite sports. We fight unitedly for the countless other patients who deserve a right to try. We must act without further delay. Again, I thank those who have been here to testify tonight. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1329. An act to increase, effective as of December 1, 2017, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indem-nity compensation for the survivors of cer-tain disabled veterans, and for other pur-poses. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 9 o’clock and 14 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, November 2, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 3031. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s withdrawal of direct final rule—Na-tional Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants for Wool Fiberglass Manufac-turing; Flame Attenuation Lines [EPA-HQ- OAR-2010-1042; FRL-9770-08-OAR] (RIN: 2060- AT58) received October 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3032. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule—Voluntary Consensus Standards Update; Formaldehyde Emission Standards for Composite Wood Products [EPA-HQ-OPPT-2017-0245; FRL-9962-84] (RIN: 2070-AK36) received October 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3033. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule—Approval and Promul-gation of State Air Quality Plans for Des-ignated Facilities and Pollutants; City of Philadelphia; Control of Emissions from Ex-isting Sewage Sludge Incineration Units [EPA-R03-OAR-2017-0509; FRL-9969-92-Region 3] received October 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3034. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule—Approval and Promul-gation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Pennsylvania; Pennsylvania’s Adoption of Control Techniques Guidelines for Auto-mobile and Light-Duty Truck Assembly Coatings [EPA-R03-OAR-2017-0342; FRL-9969- 83-Region 3] received October 20, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3035. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule—Air Plan Approval; Wisconsin; 2017 revisions to NR 400 and 406 [EPA-R05-OAR-2017-0280; FRL-9969-89-Region 5] received October 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3036. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule—Air Plan Approval; Il-linois; Volatile Organic Compounds Defini-tion [EPA-R05-OAR-2017-0323; FRL-9970-17- Region 5] received October 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3037. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule—National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants: Publicly Owned Treatment Works Residual Risk and Technology Review [EPA-HQ-OAR-2016-0490; FRL-9969-95-OAR] (RIN: 2060-AS85) received October 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3038. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule—Determination of Attain-ment by the Attainment Date for the 2008 Ozone Standard; Philadelphia-Wilmington- Atlantic City, PA-NJ-MD-DE Nonattainment 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO7.154 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8384 November 1, 2017 
Area [EPA-R03-OAR-2016-0638; FRL-9969-93- Region 3] received October 20, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3039. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule—Hexythiazox; Pesticide Tol-erances [EPA-HQ-OPP-2017-0155; FRL-9968-12] received October 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 3040. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule—Bacillus amyloliquefaciens strain F727; Exemption from the Require-ment of a Tolerance [EPA-HQ-OPP-2016-0348; FRL-9968-40] received October 25, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3041. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule—Air Plan Approval; Min-nesota; State Board Requirements [EPA-R05- OAR-2016-0327; FRL-9970-14-Region 5] re-ceived October 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3042. A letter from the Assistant Legal Ad-viser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting reports concerning international agreements other than treaties entered into by the United States to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixty-day period specified in the Case-Za-blocki Act, pursuant to 1 U.S.C. 112b(a); Pub-lic Law 92-403, Sec. 1(a) (as amended by Pub-lic Law 108-458, Sec. 7121(b)); (118 Stat. 3807); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3043. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting Transmittal No. DDTC 17-051, pursuant to Section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 3044. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notifica-tion of a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3045. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for General Law, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a notifica-tion of an action on nomination and a notifi-cation of a discontinuation of service in act-ing role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3046. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s Federal Equal Opportunity Re-cruitment Program Report for Fiscal Year 2015, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 7201; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 3047. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule—Federal Employees’ Retirement System; Government Costs (RIN: 3206-AN22) received October 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3048. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s final rule—Prevailing Rate Sys-tems; Definition of Brown County, Wis-consin, and Forsyth and Mecklenburg Coun-ties, North Carolina, to Nonappropriated Fund Federal Wage System Wage Areas (RIN: 3206-AN50) received October 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 3049. A letter from the Deputy Chief Coun-sel, Economic Development Administration, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule—Elimination of Reg-ulations Implementing Community Trade Adjustment Assistance Program [Docket No.: 170828819-7819-01] (RIN: 0610-AA70) re-ceived October 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 3050. A letter from the Chief, Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule—Removing the Prohi-bition on the Importation of Jadeite or Ru-bies Mined or Extracted from Burma, and Articles of Jewelry Containing Jadeite or Rubies Mined or Extracted from Burma [CBP Dec. 17-15] (RIN: 1515-AE27) received October 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 3051. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Insular Areas, Department of the Inte-rior, transmitting the report ‘‘Second Five- Year Review of the Compact of Free Associa-tion, as Amended, Between the Governments of the United States and the Federated States of Micronesia’’ and the report ‘‘Sec-ond Five-Year Review of the Compact of Free Association, as Amended, Between the Governments of the United States and the Republic of the Marshall Islands’’, pursuant to 48 U.S.C. 1921c(h)(2); Public Law 108-188, Sec. 104(h)(2); (117 Stat. 2737); jointly to the Committees on Natural Resources and For-eign Affairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Ms. FOXX: Committee on Education and the Workforce. H.R. 3441. A bill to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint employers under the National Labor Rela-tions Act and the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938; with an amendment (Rept. 115–379). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 3387. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to improve public water systems and enhance compliance with such Act, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–380). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 600. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 849) to repeal the provisions of the Patient Protection and Af-fordable Care Act providing for the Inde-pendent Payment Advisory Board (Rept. 115– 381). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 601. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 3922) to extend funding for certain public health programs, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–382). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Finan-cial Services. H.R. 2201. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to exempt certain micro-offerings from the registration re-quirements of such Act, and for other pur-poses (Rept. 115–383). Referred to the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H.R. 4200. A bill to provide for temporary funding for health insurance cost-sharing re-duction payments and provide targeted tax relief, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself and Mr. C
OS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania): H.R. 4201. A bill to improve the ability of beginning farmers in the United States to acquire farms and participate in agricultural production, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. ROSKAM (for himself, Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. B
UCHANAN ): H.R. 4202. A bill to amend the Animal Wel-fare Act to prohibit animal fighting in United States territories; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself and Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida): H.R. 4203. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, with regard to stalking; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MARCHANT: H.R. 4204. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for International Regulated Investment Companies; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ROTHFUS (for himself, Mr. L
UETKEMEYER , and Mr. P ERLMUTTER ): H.R. 4205. A bill to amend the Federal Fi-nancial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to establish a three-judge inde-pendent examination review panel; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BUCSHON (for himself, Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. M ARCHANT , and Mr. K IND): H.R. 4206. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to modernize the physi-cian self-referral prohibitions to promote care coordination in the merit-based incen-tive payment system and to facilitate physi-cian practice participation in alternative payment models under the Medicare pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BERGMAN (for himself and Mr. K
EATING ): H.R. 4207. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to reinstate the return-ing worker exemption for H-2B visas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself and Mr. A
MODEI ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L01NO7.000 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8385 November 1, 2017 
H.R. 4208. A bill to reduce the risk posed by wildfires to communities and the most at- risk federally owned forests; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut (for himself, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , and Ms. W
ILSON of Florida): H.R. 4209. A bill to rebuild the Nation’s in-frastructure, provide a consumer rebate to the American people, assist coal country, re-duce harmful pollution, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, Energy and Commerce, Agriculture, Education and the Workforce, Natural Resources, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MARSHALL: H.R. 4210. A bill to increase the maximum amount of assistance authorized under sup-plemental agricultural disaster assistance programs for livestock indemnity payments, livestock forage disaster assistance, and emergency assistance for livestock, honey bee, and farm-raised fish losses; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. By Mr. MARSHALL: H.R. 4211. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to provide to producers partial payments under the livestock indemnity pro-gram for livestock sold for salvage; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. MARSHALL: H.R. 4212. A bill to amend the Agricultural Credit Act of 1978 to increase support for conservation practices under the emergency conservation program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. MARSHALL: H.R. 4213. A bill to amend the Agricultural Credit Act of 1978 to establish a program to provide advance payments under the Emer-gency Conservation Program for the repair or replacement of fencing; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK: H.R. 4214. A bill to repeal the Western Area Power Administration borrowing authority, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. K
IND, Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. B ILI-
RAKIS ): H.R. 4215. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to ensure that providers of services receive adequate payments for the acquisition of hematopoietic stem cells under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 4216. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to make available additional funds for the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands pilot project; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. By Mr. SCHWEIKERT (for himself and Mr. W
ALKER ): H.R. 4217. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to eliminate the deduction for living expenses incurred by members of Congress; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. TENNEY: H.R. 4218. A bill to amend section 201 of title 18, United States Code, to redefine the term official act in bribery cases involving public officials to strengthen accountability and oversight; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. Y OHO, and Mr. S HER-
MAN): H. Con. Res. 89. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing the sense of Congress with respect to United States policy toward Tibet and that the treatment of the Tibetan people should be an important factor in the conduct of United States relations with the People’s Republic of China; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs, and in addition to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KHANNA (for himself and Mr. M
CGOVERN ): H. Res. 599. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives with respect to United States policy towards Yemen, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for him-self, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. A DERHOLT , Ms. B
ASS, Mr. B IGGS, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. B
LACK , Ms. B ORDALLO , Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C OMER , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois, Mr. E
VANS , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G AL-
LAGHER , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. G
ROTHMAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. H
UIZENGA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana, Mr. J ONES , Mr. K
IND, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L IPIN-
SKI, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L ONG, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. P AUL-
SEN, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. R
USH, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. W ENSTRUP , and Mr. W
ITTMAN ): H. Res. 602. A resolution expressing support for the goals of National Adoption Day and National Adoption Month by promoting na-tional awareness of adoption and the chil-dren awaiting families, celebrating children and families involved in adoption, and en-couraging the people of the United States to secure safety, permanency, and well-being for all children; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H.R. 4200. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution Article I Sec-tion 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 4201. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. ROSKAM: H.R. 4202. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1, to exercise the legisla-tive powers vested in Congress as granted in the Constitution; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which gives Congress the author-ity ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’; and (c) Arti-cle I, Section 9, Clause 7, which states that ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treas-ury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’; and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; and Article 4, Sec-tion 3, Clause 2, The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Terri-tory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitu-tion shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 4203. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. MARCHANT: H.R. 4204. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 1, under the ‘‘Power To lay and collect Taxes’’; Amd. 16, under the ‘‘power to lay and col-lect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration’’; and Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 18, under the power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 4205. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Commerce Clause, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution states that Con-gress shall have the power to regulate Com-merce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 4206. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BERGMAN: H.R. 4207. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 4208. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. CONST. art. I, §1 By Mr. LARSON of Connecticut: H.R. 4209. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L01NO7.100 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH8386 November 1, 2017 
By Mr. MARSHALL: H.R. 4210. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The ability to regulate interstate com-merce pursuant to Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. By Mr. MARSHALL: H.R. 4211. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The ability to regulate interstate com-merce pursuant to Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. By Mr. MARSHALL: H.R. 4212. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The ability to regulate interstate com-merce pursuant to Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. By Mr. MARSHALL: H.R. 4213. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The ability to regulate interstate com-merce pursuant to Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. By Mr. M
CCLINTOCK: H.R. 4214. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution, ‘‘The Borrowing Clause,’’ which confers on Congress the power to borrow money on the credit of the United States. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 4215. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vest-ed by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. SABLAN: H.R. 4216. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Ar-ticle IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitu-tion of the United States. By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: H .R. 4217. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution, and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. By Ms. TENNEY: H.R. 4218. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8 of the Constitu-tion, Congress has the power ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or any Department of Officer there-of’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 116: Mr. P ITTENGER . H.R. 173: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. L
OUDERMILK , and Mr. W ALKER . H.R. 215: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 285: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 392: Ms. R
OSEN and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 394: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 398: Mr. S
ARBANES . H.R. 535: Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. O LSON , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 548: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 719: Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 721: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 741: Mr. P
ITTENGER . H.R. 750: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 754: Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. P
OSEY . H.R. 785: Mr. B
UDDand Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 810: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 811: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 846: Mr. P
ANETTA and Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 959: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 968: Mr. C
A´RDENAS . H.R. 1090: Mr. H
URD. H.R. 1133: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico and Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1155: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 1156: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1187: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 1192: Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. B IGGS, Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY  of Florida, Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, and Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 1243: Mr. L
OEBSACK and Mr. E VANS . H.R. 1267: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 1295: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1406: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT and Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 1421: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 1444: Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. L ATTA , and Mr. C
OSTA . H.R. 1494: Mr. G
OMEZ and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 1563: Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 1592: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 1646: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 1676: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. R OGERS of Ken- tucky, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, and Mr. K ELLY  of Mississippi. H.R. 1691: Mr. L
AMALFA and Mrs. T ORRES . H.R. 1730: Mr. C
ICILLINE and Mr. S CHNEI -
DER. H.R. 1776: Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 1811: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1815: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 1825: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Mr. L ABRADOR . H.R. 1847: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 1849: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 1876: Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 2073: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 2095: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 2101: Mr. O
LSON and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 2123: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 2225: Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 2267: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 2310: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, and Mr. K INZINGER . H.R. 2318: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 2319: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 2321: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 2421: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2472: Mr. S
ARBANES and Mr. H IGGINS of New York. H.R. 2495: Mr. R
USHand Mr. S CHNEIDER . H.R. 2501: Mrs. H
ANDEL . H.R. 2506: Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 2584: Mr. V
ALADAO and Ms. D ELBENE. H.R. 2601: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 2651: Mr. M
CHENRY , Mr. C RIST, and Mr. B
UDD. H.R. 2670: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2712: Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 2723: Ms. M
CSALLY . H.R. 2740: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2817: Mr. C
HABOT . H.R. 2832: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 2851: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Ms. T ENNEY , Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. K NIGHT . H.R. 2856: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 2862: Mr. D
ENHAM and Mr. S ABLAN . H.R. 2865: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2926: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 2967: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 2999: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 3034: Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia and Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 3077: Mr. D
UNN and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 3117: Mr. L
UCAS and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 3132: Mr. C
UMMINGS . H.R. 3222: Mr. R
ASKIN and Ms. K ELLY of Il- linois. H.R. 3274: Mrs. R
OBY, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 3282: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 3324: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 3330: Mr. W
EBER of Texas and Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 3350: Mr. S
CHRADER , Mr. D UNN, and Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 3423: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 3441: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 3443: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 3513: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 3528: Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3533: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3548: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 3590: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 3632: Mr. V
ALADAO and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 3634: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 3635: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 3642: Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. L
IPINSKI , and Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky. H.R. 3666: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 3705: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3712: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 3755: Ms. L
EE. H.R. 3759: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. M
ARCHANT , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, and Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 3784: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 3798: Mr. H
OLDING . H.R. 3814: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 3822: Mr. G
AETZ and Mr. P ALMER . H.R. 3848: Ms. E
SHOO and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 3875: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 3878: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 3887: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 3889: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 3892: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 3897: Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. D IAZ-BALART , Mr. J OYCE  of Ohio, Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. C OL-
LINS of Georgia, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 3906: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 3913: Mr. L
OBIONDO . H.R. 3928: Mr. H
ARRIS . H.R. 3937: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 3970: Mrs. L
OWEY . H.R. 3985: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 4007: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 4025: Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 4036: Mr. J
ONES and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 4049: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4059: Ms. P
INGREE and Mr. J ODY B. H
ICEof Georgia. H.R. 4072: Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. M
CNERNEY , and Mrs. N APOLITANO . H.R. 4082: Ms. E
STY of Connecticut, Mr. C
ORREA , and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 4090: Mrs. R
OBY. H.R. 4093: Mr. G
OMEZ . H.R. 4101: Mr. G
ALLAGHER , Mr. C OMER , Mr. G
IBBS, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , and Mr. G UTHRIE . H.R. 4127: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 4131: Mr. A
LLEN , Ms. F OXX, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.039 H01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H8387 November 1, 2017 
LONG, Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. M EAD-
OWS, and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 4143: Mr. M
ULLIN , Mr. P AULSEN , Ms. S
INEMA , and Mr. C LAY. H.R. 4145: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 4155: Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. E
STYof Connecticut, Miss G ONZA´LEZ-COLO´N of Puerto Rico, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C
OOPER , Mr. C RIST, Mrs. B USTOS , and Mr. C
ORREA . H.R. 4168: Ms. R
OSEN and Mr. K IHUEN . H.R. 4173: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 4180: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD and Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 4182: Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 4184: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 4195: Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 4198: Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P
ALLONE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. R ICHMOND . H.J. Res. 32: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.J. Res. 118: Mr. B
YRNE . H.J. Res. 120: Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of Cali- fornia. H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. N
OLAN . H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. W
ILSON of South Caro-lina. H. Con. Res. 59: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H. Con. Res. 81: Mr. B
EYER . H. Res. 220: Mr. H
UIZENGA . H. Res. 279: Mr. V
ALADAO and Mr. W ILSON  of South Carolina. H. Res. 282: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H. Res. 307: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. W IL-
LIAMS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. B ABIN. H. Res. 313: Mr. CULBERSON . H. Res. 443: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H. Res. 466: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H. Res. 495: Mr. C
ONYERS . H. Res. 529: Mr. P
OCAN and Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER . H. Res. 570: Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia and Mr. L
AMBORN . H. Res. 576: Mr. H
URDand Mr. O LSON . H. Res. 588: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puer- to Rico. H. Res. 593: Mr. T
AKANO and Mr. D ENT. H. Res. 597: Mr. S
MUCKER , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. P
ETERS . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO7.030 H01NOPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6937 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 2017 No. 177 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal and ever-blessed God, thank You for waking us to see the light of this new day. Lord, on this All Saints’ Day, we remember the unseen cloud of witnesses that surrounds us. We are grateful for all the saints who from their labors rest but whose works fol-low them. We thank You for the many law-makers in our history whose integrity, creativity, and diligence have helped to keep us free. Lord, we praise You for all of Your gifts, the glimpses of beauty, the echoes of truth, and the kindness of friends. Thank You for all those who lived and died for freedom. Grant us in our day and generation to live to honor our noble heritage. And Lord, please remember all of those affected by the violence in New York. Bring a speedy recovery to the injured. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The majority leader is recog-nized. NEW YORK CITY TERROR ATTACK Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-terday’s attack in Manhattan was sick-ening, twisted, and heartbreaking. The suspect appears to have been inspired by ISIL. We know that in the days ahead, our intelligence community will make every effort to learn more about him and whether he had any connec-tion to this terror group and its hateful ideology. But today we are thinking of everyone affected by this tragedy. We are praying for the victims and their families. We are thinking of our fellow Americans in New York. We are ex-pressing our gratitude for the critical work of our first responders. To them we say: Thank you for your courage. Thank you for all you do, especially in the face of such a terrible tragedy like we witnessed yesterday. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW ACT RESOLUTION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, after 8 years of sluggish growth and missed opportunities for the middle class under 8 years of the Obama ad-ministration, the American people elected a new President and Congress dedicated to getting our country mov-ing again after so many years of failed leftwing policies. We are working hard on joint legislative initiatives on tax reform. We have also undertaken what has been described as ‘‘the most ambitious regulatory rollback since Reagan.’’ The administration has the ability to take serious action on its own, and it has. The Congress has taken important ac-tion many times as well. We have used the tools contained in the Congres-sional Review Act, which allows us to overturn certain regulations with a majority vote in Congress and the President’s signature. The President signed all of the many CRA resolutions we passed already, which overturned regulations that threatened everything from job creation to economic growth. The President will sign another CRA resolution today, one that will over-turn a regulation that threatened to drive up costs for millions of Ameri-cans who carry a credit card. It is a regulation dreamed up by a govern-ment agency, the CFPB, that claims to protect consumers but seems to have found a way to actually harm them. The Treasury Department released a study showing how this regulation has little to do with consumer protection and everything to do with lining the pockets of trial lawyers. This unac-countable agency ignored that study and issued its regulation anyway. We passed this Congressional Review Act resolution to protect consumers from wrongdoing while avoiding frivo-lous lawsuits that will only drive up costs for the millions of Americans who have a credit card. The CFPB con-tinues to be one of the most unac-countable bureaucracies in Wash-ington, and this Congress will continue to stand up for consumers even when the CFPB will not. 
f 
NOMINATION OF JOAN LARSEN Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-terday, when the Senate confirmed the nomination of Professor Amy Barrett to the Seventh Circuit Court of Ap-peals, we took another important step to ensure that the Federal judiciary fulfills its role in our constitutional system. Now we have an opportunity to confirm another well-qualified woman to the bench, Michigan Supreme Court Justice Joan Larsen. President Trump nominated her to serve on the Sixth Circuit, and she will be a strong addi-tion to that court and a benefit to our Nation. After graduating first in her class from Northwestern’s law school, Jus-tice Larsen served as a law clerk for Judge David Sentelle of the DC Circuit Court and then for Justice Antonin Scalia. These clerkships honed Justice Larsen’s legal abilities and respect for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO6.000 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6938 November 1, 2017 
the rule of law, preparing her for a dis-tinguished career. Joan Larsen also served as the Dep-uty Assistant Attorney General in the Justice Department’s Office of Legal Counsel. Former government officials from both Republican and Democratic administrations wrote in strong sup-port of her nomination, each of them holding her in the highest regard. Joan Larsen later joined the law fac-ulty at the University of Michigan, teaching there for many years. She ex-celled in academia, earning the praise of her students and the esteem of her colleagues. In fact, more than 30 of Michigan’s deans and law professors wrote to support her nomination. They wrote that Justice Larsen’s ‘‘commit-ment to the rule of law and her capac-ity for top-flight legal analysis are both of the first order, and her personal integrity and decency are exceptional.’’ Even when they disagreed, her col-leagues praised Justice Larsen’s gen-erous manner, her personal integrity, as well as her legal acumen. In 2015, Larsen was appointed to the Michigan Supreme Court. The next year, she won election to a full term, winning every single county in the State. Her fellow justices—even those with different ideologies—praised her intellect and her commitment to apply the law as it is written to every case before them. Joan Larsen’s time on the Michigan high court has shown a record of inde-pendence and of fairness. Here is how one practitioner put it in a letter to the Judiciary Committee: ‘‘I am not a Republican,’’ he wrote. ‘‘Justice Larsen approaches cases with an open mind and an independence from party affili-ation. . . . I believe that . . . Justice Larsen has had a very positive influ-ence on the Michigan Supreme Court. In my view, she would be a deserving addition to the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals.’’ Another lawyer wrote the com-mittee, advising that he ‘‘has practiced law in Michigan for 39 years’’ and is ‘‘a past president of the Michigan Associa-tion for Justice (formerly the Michigan Trial Lawyers Association).’’ He goes on to say that Justice Larsen ‘‘has demonstrated on the bench that she is precisely who she is in person, a gen-uine, thoughtful individual who re-spects precedent, the common law and the role that lawyers and judges play in society. . . . I have no hesitation in telling you that Justice Larsen will make an excellent judge on the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals.’’ In conclusion, President Trump con-tinues to nominate smart, well-quali-fied, and impartial individuals to our Nation’s Federal courts. Justice Lar-sen, like each of the other nominees be-fore her, was nominated on the basis of her belief in the rule of law and her commitment to apply the law fairly to everyone who enters her courtroom. Once again, I would also like to thank Chairman C
HUCK GRASSLEY for his leadership on the Judiciary Com-mittee, tirelessly working to bring the President’s nominees to the floor. I look forward to voting to confirm Joan Larsen today, and I urge all of my colleagues to join me. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session and resume consideration of the Larsen nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Joan Louise Larsen, of Michigan, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Cir-cuit. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
NEW YORK CITY TERROR ATTACK  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I rise this morning with a heavy heart. My city, my dear city of New York, no stranger to terrorism, was once again its victim yesterday. Yesterday afternoon, a man delib-erately drove a rented truck into groups of pedestrians and cyclists, kill-ing eight and injuring about a dozen more. Some of the injured were school-children. These people were biking or walking home, enjoying a brisk and beautiful New York autumn day. It is tragic. It leaves a hole in your stom-ach. Our hearts go out to the victims and their families, and we wish all of the injured a full and speedy recovery. We are also grateful—deeply grateful—to the New York Police Department and the first responders, especially Officer Ryan Nash, 28 years old, who was the first on the scene. He reacted quickly and decisively to bring down the attacker and bring him into custody. Who knows how much worse the trag-edy would have been without his ac-tions. As one of thousands of New Yorkers who regularly ride on the path where this attack took place—in the last month, I have ridden on it twice—it hits close to home. My daughter went to the school near the scene, Stuyvesant High School, and she used the bike path I don’t know how many times. This is our territory, our home. The attacks are meant to confuse and terrorize, but, as the world learned after 9/11 and will learn again, New York doesn’t scare easily. New Yorkers are resilient. We always bounce back. We won’t let these terrorists get their way or affect our way of life. We will never let terror prevail. True to form—something that made my heart swell with pride—the New York City Halloween parade marched on last night. Thousands of school kids went right into Stuyvesant today. The terrorists cannot stop us. They cannot change our way of life. We love New York. We love America. That bond holds us together. ANTITERRORISM FUNDING  
Now, I have seen the tweets from President Trump. After September 11, the first thing President Bush did was to invite Senator Clinton and me to the White House, where he pledged to do whatever was in his power to help our city. President Bush, in a moment of national tragedy, understood the meaning of his high office and sought to bring our country together. President Trump, where is your lead-ership? The contrast between President Bush’s actions after 9/11 and President Trump’s actions this morning could not be starker. Again, President Trump, where is your leadership? I would say in closing that I have al-ways believed that immigration is good for America. I believe it today. President Trump, instead of politi-cizing and dividing America, which he always seems to do at times of national tragedy, should be bringing us together and focusing on the real solution—anti-terrorism funding, which he proposed to cut in his most recent budget. So I am calling on President Trump to re-scind his proposed cuts to this vital antiterrorism funding immediately. Our city relies on this funding to track potential terrorists and to snuff out at-tacks. The NYPD, which bravely and quickly responded to the scene yester-day and brought the mayhem to an end, depends on this antiterrorism funding to keep our city safe day in and day out. So, again, I am calling on the President to rescind his proposed cuts to this vital antiterrorism funding immediately. Instead of dividing, instead of politi-cizing, do something real, Mr. Presi-dent. Restore these funds now. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, this week the Senate is moving through a series of votes to fill vacancies in the Federal appeals court. President Trump has nominated highly qualified, mainstream judges and legal scholars to do these jobs. Now, Democrats have responded once again with delay and with obstruction. It is clear to me that we need to change the rules in the Sen-ate that govern how we debate nomina-tions in this body. All year Democrats have been putting up roadblocks to nominations. They have forced the ma-jority leader to file cloture so that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.002 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6939 November 1, 2017 
then we can confirm nominees like these four judges. As of last Friday, Democrats have forced the Senate to file cloture 47 dif-ferent times when we have had to have cloture votes on President Trump’s nominees. There were only six cloture votes at this point for the previous four Presidents—five for Obama, none for George W. Bush, one for Bill Clinton, and none under the Presidency of George Herbert Walker Bush. These are the kind of hoops that the Democrats have been making the Senate jump through in an effort to confirm Presi-dent Trump’s nominees. The procedure has been set in place to allow for debate. Well, debate is a good thing in the Senate, as long as de-bate is actually occurring. It is a chance for Senators to stand up, to say what they like or what they don’t like about a nominee. Now, if no one wants to debate, we should just move things along and have the vote. There is one Senate rule that allows for as much as 30 hours of debate time on Presidential nominations after we have actually had the cloture vote. Now, in reality, very little of that time that is spent on the Senate floor is actually being used for the debate. In the past, both sides would agree to waive the time require-ments and to move on to other Senate business, which is what we need to do to get the country continuing to move forward. But what is happening now is that Democrats are insisting on clo-ture votes, and then they are insisting that we use hour after hour after hour, even when there is no one here to de-bate what is the issue or the person in front of us. It is time to end this pointless spec-tacle. The Senate used to be called the world’s greatest deliberative body. Democrats have turned it into the world’s most paralyzed deliberative body. We have more than 125 nominees for various jobs who have had hearings in committee, who have testified in com-mittee, who have been voted on in com-mittee, who have cleared through the entire committee-vetting process and are now waiting for a vote on the Sen-ate floor—125 of them. Most of these people have bipartisan support. They will be confirmed easily and eventu-ally. They should be confirmed imme-diately. There should be no reason for Democrats’ stalling tactics except, once again, to slow down the pace of other progress in the Senate on legisla-tive issues. Mr. President, look at what happened with one judge last week. It is a case you are very familiar with. Scott Palk was nominated by President Trump to serve on the U.S. district court. He had bipartisan support in the Judiciary Committee. He went to the committee, had a hearing in the committee, and with bipartisan support was voted out of the committee. That was in June— more than 4 months ago. Now, apparently that is not good enough for the Democrats—not at all. They are only interested in slowing down the work of the Senate. So we had a cloture vote on the nominee. It was 1 of the 47 cloture votes that we talked about. We had to have a cloture vote. Every Republican and 27 Demo-crats voted for him. So he had bipar-tisan support. We still had to allow all of this wasted time for the debate. We couldn’t conduct any of the other busi-ness of the Senate during the time be-cause the Democrats insisted that we use all of the debate time. Now, they could have very easily agreed to waive the rules, as we do, and go straight to a vote. We wanted to do that. The Democrats refused. So how much of that time—those 30 hours—did the Democrats actually spend on the floor debating this per-son’s qualifications to be a Federal judge? How many of those 30 hours did the Democrats use? None. How many minutes did they use? None. Not one Democrat came to the floor of the Sen-ate to talk about that judge. Not a sin-gle Democrat even bothered to say a word against his nomination. There were fewer than 20 minutes of total talk on the floor of the Senate. Through hour after hour after hour of ongoing time, there were fewer than 20 minutes spent actually talking about the judge, and it was all spent in praise by the Republicans. We still had to run out the clock because that is the delay game the Democrats are playing in the Senate. The Senate had to waste hours and hours when we could have finished debating in less than 20 minutes. The Democrats have done this same thing time after time after time, day after day, wasting day after day. Things take time in the Senate. We understand that. That is what the Founding Fathers had in mind when they formed the two bodies of Con-gress, the House and the Senate. There is no excuse, though, for Democrats abusing the process to make things take even longer. Democrats aren’t using the rules for debate. They are not using the rules for deliberation. It is only for delay. It hasn’t always been this way, and there is no reason it should continue to be this way. The Senate had a different standard for nominations a few years ago, and that was in the 113th Congress. In years 2013 and 2014, the Senate allowed just 2 hours of debate after cloture was in-voked on nominations for district court judges. That is 2 hours more than the Democrats actually spent debating this judge’s nomination last week. The rules said that we would have up to 8 hours to debate executive branch nomi-nations below the Cabinet level. Then, for Cabinet Secretaries, for Justices on the Supreme Court, and for circuit courts, it was the full 30 hours of de-bate. Thirty hours now is what we allow every nomination today, and Democrats have shown that in most cases it is far too much time because even though we have to spend all the time, they use very little of it talking about the nominees. We need a fair debate on every nomi-nation. The procedure from 2013 and 2014, with fair debate on nominations, is one that was fair. The way the Democrats are wasting time today to keep us from doing our work is not fair. I believe it is time to return to the rules for debating nominees that the Senate used 3 years ago. There will still be plenty of time for Senators to debate the nominees, to raise objec-tions if there are any. Every Senator could be on the record. There are just a lot of hours that we could avoid that are being wasted today that could be used to do the people’s business of this country. A President’s nominations of qualified people to important jobs was never meant to be a tool for delay in the Senate or to be an obstruction the way the Democrats have been using it. Now, these rules that we used in 2013 and 2014 were the result of a com-promise. Democrats controlled the Senate at the time. A Democrat, Barack Obama, was in the White House making the nominations, and Repub-licans agreed to make these changes to the rules. It was part of a bipartisan group, and I was part of that group. There were eight Senators. They worked on this compromise—four Re-publicans and four Democrats. Senator M
CCAINand Senator A LEXANDER were part of this group. Senator S
CHUMER , who is now the Democrat leader, was part of this group. There was over-whelming support for these changes on both sides of the aisle. It is time to do it again. Let’s change the Senate rules and go back to the process that Senator S
CHUMER sup-ported in 2013 and 2014. Today, the schedule allows us to do one or two nominations in a typical week. If we go back to the 2014 standard, we could clear multiple nominations in a day. The Republican Senate has been busy this year, and we have made progress on behalf of the American people. We have passed 15 resolutions rolling back destructive, Obama-era regulations using the Congressional Review Act and signed into law by the President. We passed a budget that will help give Americans at home a raise by cutting their taxes and giving us an oppor-tunity to do the kind of tax relief, tax reform, tax reductions, tax cuts that the American people are looking for. We need to do more. It is time for Democrats to stop abusing the rules just to delay the process. It is time to go back to the previous standard of de-bating nominations. It is time to pick up the pace and do the job the Amer-ican people expect us to do. Now, if Democrats have a different approach and don’t want to accept the standard of debate that was set in the previous Congress, then I believe it is time for us to force that change. If Democrats maintain their lockstep op-position to real progress on judicial va-cancies and other nominees, we should give them a chance to vote on their continued obstruction. We can vote on these nominees in a straightforward 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.003 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6940 November 1, 2017 
and efficient way or we can vote to re-turn to the precedent of the 113th Con-gress. That is the choice. Either way, it is time to vote. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, the magnitude of this moment should be apparent to all. A sitting U.S. Presi-dent’s campaign chief and his protege have been indicted for conspiring against the United States. Another campaign adviser has pleaded guilty for lying to the FBI about meetings with Russians. At those meetings, he illegally discussed obtaining dirt on the President’s political opponent and emails that had been stolen. Two points need to be underscored for the American people. First, these indictments and conviction are a sober, shattering moment in American his-tory. Second, all of us on both sides of the aisle should come together to sup-port the work of the special counsel and assure that he is able to follow the facts and the law and all of the evi-dence, wherever they may lead. This moment will stand as a land-mark in American history, just as many of the moments in Watergate did. This investigation has proceeded more quickly than Watergate did. John Mitchell was indicted in 1974 for con-spiracy, perjury, and obstruction of justice. He was convicted a year later. That indictment took a year and a half of investigation. These indictments have occurred just 11 months after the election and barely 6 months after the beginning of the investigation. We know that the President’s cam-paign hired two alleged criminals and one admitted criminal. Two of them were foreign agents, and the campaign was run by a Russian agent, unregis-tered, now charged with conspiring against the United States. He was sup-ported by another Russian foreign agent who was also charged with the same 12 criminal counts. These two in-dividuals, Paul Manafort and Rick Gates, were significant people in the Trump campaign. In the case of Gates, his influence continued through the early months of the new administration. Manafort ran Trump’s campaign at its most critical point, and he organized and directed the 2016 Republican National Com-mittee convention, including the crit-ical delegate-corralling effort against a potential ‘‘Never Trump’’ insurrection, securing the Republican nomination for Donald Trump. Under Manafort’s leadership of the Trump campaign, the Republican Party stripped language from their platform that would have called for arming Ukraine against Russian ag-gression. Ahead of the convention, Manafort also offered to brief a Rus-sian billionaire on the state of the 2016 race. The convention he helped orga-nize became a venue for a meeting be-tween Attorney General Sessions and the Russian ambassador, after which the Attorney General misled Congress, implying—indeed stating—that it never took place. The Trump campaign also worked ex-tensively with George Papadopoulos, a foreign adviser whose actions con-stitute the most significant indication of possible collusion—so far the most significant—between the Trump cam-paign and Russian officials. Papadopoulos was named a foreign policy adviser in March 2016 and began communicating with Russian nationals the next month. He met with a pro-fessor for breakfast in London. They discussed stolen emails from Hillary Clinton and subsequently shuttled mes-sages to the Kremlin and back for the Trump campaign. He worked with officials at the high-est level of the Trump campaign. His direct boss, in fact, was Jeff Sessions, who was then the head of Trump’s na-tional security advisory committee, and he is now, of course, the Attorney General. He communicated extensively with the campaign manager and mem-bers of the national security team. President Trump tweeted today that he was a ‘‘young, low level volunteer,’’ but the President sang his praises at a meeting with the Washington Post edi-torial board in March 2016, calling him an ‘‘energy and oil consultant, excel-lent guy.’’ These revelations are stun-ning. Now the President is at a critical juncture. He can choose the course of cooperation or confrontation. He is lit-erally teetering on the brink of a deci-sion that could prove disastrous for himself and for America if he chooses a constitutional confrontation. We are at a moment very much like the one that occurred in Watergate. It is still memorable to many of us in this Chamber, although we were not here at the time. Our Nation could be careen-ing toward a constitutional crisis. Some of the actions the President has already taken, such as firing Jim Comey as FBI Director, may be evi-dence of obstruction of justice in the investigation by the special counsel. As part of our oversight responsibility, the Judiciary Committee must con-tinue its work in investigating that fir-ing and other actions that may con-stitute obstruction of justice. Firing the special counsel himself is something only the President could try to do. It would be the ultimate act of contempt for the rule of law that is rightly seen as the actions of someone who has something to hide. At stake is more than just this Presi-dent or this special counsel. It is lit-erally the rule of law. To this Presi-dent, the rule of law may be meaning-less, a facade or a fiction, but that is exactly why Congress must give the ju-dicial branch specific, enforceable power to stop the President from firing the special counsel. That is the purpose of legislation I have introduced, along with colleagues. I am here to call upon this body to sup-port and pass the Special Counsel Inde-pendence Protection Act. I called for the special counsel to be established in February of this year and was joined by 10 of my colleagues in that call. It was based on credible al-legations that the Trump team had colluded with the Russian Government. The Special Counsel Independence Pro-tection Act, which I have cosponsored along with colleagues, seeks to fore-stall the kind of potential constitu-tional crisis raised by the President’s threats not so long ago and his labeling the investigation a hoax and a witch hunt. The Washington Post reported today that advisers close to the President are urging that, in fact, he take more ag-gressive action against the special counsel. The specter of Presidential ac-tion against Robert Mueller, designed to stop or stymie a virtually unavoid-able and necessary criminal investiga-tion of the President himself, makes safeguarding the special counsel more urgent and necessary now than ever be-fore. Rather than encouraging Presi-dential abuse of power by inaction, the Congress must move forward right away to check potential malfeasance and abuse before it occurs. Even the threat of such political interference constituting potential obstruction of justice undermines the special coun-sel’s investigation. It makes witnesses less likely to cooperate. It discourages the agents and investigators working for the special counsel. It creates un-necessary confusion in the American public. Only judicial review can pro-vide the check against such abuse and ensure confidence that the special counsel will proceed methodically and systematically to uphold the rule of law and follow the facts in evidence, wherever they may lead. That is what the American people want him to do. That is what we should guarantee that he will do. Make no mistake, this in-vestigation will continue and conclude fairly and fully. The only question is how much turmoil and how much dam-age is done in the course of that inves-tigation. Clearly, like any investigation and prosecution, this one is a mosaic, con-sisting of many different diverse pieces and already it is coming together on the Trump campaign’s contacts with Russian officials. They include, for ex-ample, campaign adviser Papadopoulos’s contacts with a Rus-sian agent who claimed he had ‘‘dirt’’ on Hillary Clinton; Donald Trump, Jr., and the campaign aides’ Trump Tower meeting with Russian agents to obtain information on Clinton; Jared 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.005 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6941 November 1, 2017 
Kushner’s meetings with sanctioned VEB Russian bank CEO Sergey Gorkov; Sessions’ meetings with the Russian Ambassador; the Cambridge Analytica CEO’s outreach to WikiLeaks to obtain Hillary Clinton’s missing emails; and former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn’s din-ing with President Putin in Moscow. Those pieces of the mosaic are only the beginning. We are at a critical stage— the end of the beginning, not the begin-ning of the end. As a former prosecutor, I know inves-tigations take time. The best inves-tigations are done without deadlines. In an important case like this one, and in a complex and challenging one, we must allow all the time necessary to assemble that full mosaic and put to-gether the pieces of this puzzle. The Watergate scandal took 2 years to unravel, from Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein’s first piece in the Washington Post in June of 1972 to Nix-on’s resignation in August of 1974. We are less than a year into the Trump Presidency and fewer than 10 months into this investigation. The first individuals to be indicted in the Watergate scandal were considered to be generally outside the President’s inner circle. They were E. Howard Hunt, G. Gordon Liddy, and the Water-gate burglars in September of 1972. No one knew—and many denied—the con-spiracy that involved the President and his top lieutenants at the time of those first indictments. In these cases, too— in these first indictments and convic-tion—a lot more is to come. We cannot wait until the President potentially shuts down his special counsel to come to his defense. Al-ready, the rule of law is under threat. On Sunday—the day before the indict-ments were handed down—the Presi-dent tweeted: ‘‘DO SOMETHING!’’ with regard to the Russia investigation. Al-though his reference was unclear ex-actly what he meant and whom the message was targeting, it certainly was an indication that some kind of action might be taken to thwart the inves-tigation. Any interference in this investiga-tion will be a red line for me and for others in this Chamber. Let the Presi-dent hear that message loud and clear. There is a red line that cannot be crossed. It is political interference or intrusion in the special counsel’s inves-tigation, and it will be met with a firestorm, I hope, on both sides of the aisle. My conversations with our col-leagues on the other side of the aisle indicate they would share our outrage and outcry if there is an effort to stop and stymie this investigation or if there is any other kind of political in-terference in it. Senators G
RAHAM , BOOKER , W HITE-
HOUSE , COONS , and I have cosponsored measures that will help protect the special counsel. There are two meas-ures now, but they are so closely simi-lar that they should be brought to-gether, and conversations are under-way to do so. I expect we will have a single bill in the very near future. We should stand with one voice against obstruction of this investiga-tion. I ask that my colleagues go on the record now to state that they will absolutely resist and oppose any inter-ference by the executive branch into this investigation or investigations that are underway by our congres-sional committees—on the House side, the Intelligence Committee and, in the Senate, the Judiciary Committee along with our Intelligence Committee. The congressional committees have sepa-rate purposes. In the Judiciary Com-mittee, we have the unique responsi-bility of oversight over the Department of Justice and the FBI. We have the unique responsibility to prevent the obstruction of justice and to uncover it, as is indicated by the firing of Jim Comey. My hope is that investigation will proceed and that it will be bipar-tisan, so we will have hearings and sub-poena witnesses with public testimony under oath and eventually some report to the American people. That is my hope, and that will be our decision here. The decision we cannot and should not make is what the outcome will be of the special counsel investigation. We must guarantee—and we have this re-sponsibility in the Congress—that there is adequate funding and author-ity for the special counsel, that there is no effort to either cut resources or limit the purview of the special counsel or place constraints on the time it may take for this probe to conclude. There should be no firing and no pardons, and we should speak out and stand up to as-sure that message reaches the White House loud and clear. This moment is one of historic mag-nitude. I cannot emphasize how strong-ly I feel but also how deeply my col-leagues have expressed to me their own feelings about our responsibility in this moment. The grand jury that is bringing these indictments is an arm of the courts, which should be independent of both the executive and legislative branches. That independence gives the special counsel some new measure of perma-nence and protection, but the Presi-dent can still try to fire the special counsel. He cannot fire the grand jury or the U.S. District Court judge who impaneled the grand jury. Judicial re-view of any firing of the special coun-sel, which is the core principle of our measure—the Special Counsel Inde-pendence Protection Act—would add a highly significant protection to not just deter misguided and deeply mis-taken actions, throwing our Nation into turmoil, but also assuring that confidence and trust remains with the special counsel, and he can follow facts and the law with the full support of the American people. The American people can put their trust and faith in him and in our courts. We should assure that we uphold that faith and trust. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. SUL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, since day one, the President of the United States has made it clear that his top priority, when it comes to healthcare in our country, is to score political points by attacking ObamaCare. He has even said repeatedly that healthcare in our country will ‘‘implode,’’ but this was not just a prediction that Presi-dent Trump made, it was his goal, and he has tried virtually everything he can do to make that implosion a re-ality. In January, he abruptly pulled fund-ing for outreach days before the end of the 2017 open enrollment period with-out any analysis of how that might af-fect patients and families, and he signed executive orders specifically de-signed to inject uncertainty and in-creased costs into the healthcare sys-tem. President Trump then dedicated the spring and summer to attempting to jam partisan, extraordinarily destruc-tive legislation through the House and Senate to repeal the Affordable Care Act, despite one independent analysis after another showing that each version of TrumpCare would cause pre-miums to spike, take coverage away from millions of people, rip protections away from patients with preexisting conditions, and gut Medicaid. This fall—after TrumpCare failed an-other time in the Senate—he slashed by 90 percent the investments that help inform families about their coverage options and followed through on his year-long threat to discontinue pay-ments designed to lower out-of-pocket costs for low-income enrollees. This is a scenario that healthcare ex-perts said would cause mass consumer confusion and anxiety, one that insur-ance companies planned for by shifting that burden of uncertainty to patients and taxpayers in the form of higher premiums and fewer options in State marketplaces. Now, this is by no means the full list of ways President Trump has at-tempted his healthcare sabotage, but it does explain why we are here now. Today is the first day of the open en-rollment period for 2018, and as a direct result of this President’s actions, fami-lies are going to see higher premiums, more out-of-pocket costs, and fewer coverage options. Many families will have to change their coverage if they want to avoid paying hundreds of dol-lars more in premiums. At a time when we need to continue to do more to bend the healthcare cost curve in the right direction, taxpayers are being burdened with higher 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.007 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6942 November 1, 2017 
healthcare costs to the Federal Gov-ernment—not because of any improve-ment in quality or comprehensiveness, just because of the chaos this adminis-tration has caused. In fact, just last week, the Trump ad-ministration proposed a rule to double down on the sabotage in 2019 that would let insurers cover fewer services in addition to raising costs. I have to say, I just truly never imagined that a President of the United States would so openly and uncaringly root for the people of this country to be worse off. But that is exactly what President Trump is doing. It needs to be said, and it needs to be stopped. What makes this even more frus-trating is that a lot of it could have been stopped months ago if Republican leaders hadn’t insisted on trying to help this administration carry out its partisan, wrecking-ball healthcare strategy. Back in September, Chairman A
LEX-
ANDER and I were very near agreement on a bipartisan bill to stabilize healthcare markets and protect fami-lies from higher premiums and out-of- pocket costs through regular order, through a process that actually en-gaged over half the Senate. We were on the verge of reaching an agreement when Republican leaders froze our ne-gotiations. Why? In order to jam TrumpCare through the Senate one more time. Let me repeat that. Republican lead-ers hit the pause button on a bipartisan process that could have lowered pre-miums and stabilized markets, expos-ing our patients and families to the full impact of President Trump’s sabotage. That is the bad news, but the good news is that the legislation Chairman A
LEXANDER and I ultimately agreed on can and will still have an impact—not just a few years from now but in 2018— if Republican leaders don’t stand in the way again. Our bill would, among other priorities, continue out-of-pocket cost reduction payments and make sure that patients and families, not insur-ance companies, see the benefit of that certainty in the form of rebates next year. The legislation Chairman A
LEX-
ANDER and I have proposed, with 12 Democratic and 12 Republican cospon-sors, would do a lot to help us get things back on track. It would tie President Trump’s hands on sabotage, and it would send a very powerful mes-sage that elected officials in Congress can work together to get things done when we focus on common ground rath-er than scoring political points. I would once again urge the majority leader to allow our legislation to get a vote. It has the support of 60-plus Sen-ators, and it is growing. The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office has said that it provides billions in sav-ings and would stabilize the markets this year and lower premiums in 2019. And the President told Chairman A
LEXANDER that he supports this proc-ess moving forward. There is no reason to wait. There is absolutely no excuse for inaction, and I am going to continue doing everything I can to make that clear until Repub-lican leaders finally listen to the pa-tients and families they serve. Mr. President, while I am here today, I also want to take a few minutes to speak on another way that I believe President Trump and Republicans are taking our country in a direction that is deeply harmful; that is, by stacking our courts with extreme conservative judges. The Senate this week is going to vote on four judicial nominees who each have the far-rightwing seal of approval. Two are on President Trump’s short list for Supreme Court Justices, mean-ing they would automatically vote to overturn Roe v. Wade. Unfortunately, their views on many things—LGBTQ rights, sexual assault, criminal justice, and corporate interests—are just as deeply troubling. One of the nominees we are considering this week advocated for using electric shocks for criminal punishment, and two—Amy Barrett and Stephanos Bibas—were nominated only after Republicans blocked the nominations of Myra Selby and Re-becca Haywood—both who happen to be African-American women—to the re-spective benches. It is clear that as Republican leaders’ list of legislative failures grows longer, their effort to enact their agenda by administrative action and by stacking the courts is only going to accelerate. That might appeal to extreme conserv-atives—in fact, I am pretty sure it does—but the truth is that whether it is healthcare or infrastructure or taxes, most people across the country really want to see Congress working together. I am going to continue doing every-thing I can to speak out and fight back against extreme, harmful steps that are being taken by this administration and allowed by Republican leaders here in Congress and also to show there is a better way to get things done—by working under regular order, across the aisle, and putting people, not poli-tics, first. That is what families right-fully expect, and that is what we all should be focused on. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Hampshire. NEW YORK CITY TERROR ATTACK  
Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, I would like to start my remarks this morning by offering my thoughts to the victims of yesterday’s horrendous act of terror in New York City, my thanks to the first responders, and I would note the resiliency of the people of New York. Once again, they are going forward with their lives today, showing the world and anyone who would do us harm that Americans stand together and that we move forward regardless of what our foes may try to do. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. President, I also rise today to en-courage Granite Staters—as my col-league from Washington did—and peo-ple across the country to take advan-tage of the health insurance open en-rollment period, which begins today and runs through December 15. Every citizen deserves quality, af-fordable health insurance coverage to help them live healthy and productive lives. Access to healthcare is critical to the freedom, dignity, and well-being of our citizens, and it also contributes to a productive workforce and a thriv-ing economy. I still remember meeting with a con-stituent named Jo, about a year or two ago, who has a chronic health condi-tion. When she lost her job in 2009 and lost her health insurance with it, her condition deteriorated to the point where she couldn’t work, and a down-ward spiral ensued. She lost her home. She couldn’t get healthcare because she had no resources. Because of the Affordable Care Act’s Medicaid expan-sion, she was eventually able to get healthcare, to get the surgery and therapy she needed, and now she is working again. So healthcare is not only for the benefit of the individual who receives it; it helps that individual become a productive member of our workforce. Affordable, quality care is also criti-cally important to those who are work-ing but may not otherwise be able to afford health insurance even if em-ployed. It is something I have heard often this year from citizens of my State, as my Republican colleagues at-tempted to pass TrumpCare legislation that would have led to higher healthcare costs for less care. At an emergency field hearing in June that I held with Senator SHA-
HEEN , we heard from a woman named Enna from Exeter, NH. Enna, who is self-employed, said that prior to the Affordable Care Act, her family was unable to maintain insurance consist-ently. Even when she did have it, her previous policy didn’t cover critical preventive care that she needed. As a result of the ACA, Enna has been able to purchase affordable health insurance through the marketplace in New Hampshire for herself and her family of four, giving them the peace of mind that comes with having health insur-ance, while continuing to grow her own business. Enna’s story is the story of so many people in New Hampshire, and it rep-resents why it is essential for people across the country to take advantage of this open enrollment period. From today through December 15, Granite Staters and all Americans have an opportunity to sign up for a healthcare plan at www.coveringnewhampshire.org or www.healthcare.gov. It is also impor-tant for people to take this oppor-tunity to see what other plans are available, to shop around and see whether other plans offer more savings than their current one does, and it is critical to educate our friends and neighbors about these options, given the Trump administration’s attempts to sabotage our Nation’s healthcare 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.008 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6943 November 1, 2017 
system. These sabotage attempts in-clude the Department of Health and Human Services slashing the Afford-able Care Act’s outreach and adver-tising budgets ahead of open enroll-ment, which provide key information and resources for those who need to sign up for care. It is clear that the Trump administration doesn’t want people to know they can enroll, but that doesn’t change the fact that the Affordable Care Act is the law of the land, people can still get covered, and financial assistance is available for many on the healthcare exchange. We must end this sabotage and con-tinue to work together on efforts to lower costs and build on and improve the Affordable Care Act, and that is ex-actly what I am focused on. I was proud to join HELP Committee leaders, Senators Alexander and Mur-ray, to cosponsor bipartisan legislation that would stabilize health insurance markets and lower costs for hard-work-ing Americans. This bill includes a pro-vision that the New Hampshire Insur-ance Department could use to support its proposal to create a reinsurance pool to help reduce premiums in our State’s individual health insurance market. This legislation proves it is possible to work across party lines to make progress in our healthcare sys-tem. It is clear that it has the votes to pass. We need Republican leadership to bring it up for a vote. It is up to all of us to come together and make sure that healthcare is truly available and affordable to all of our people and to encourage our fellow citi-zens to sign up for the care they need to help their families thrive. The enrollment period is a critical time for the health and well-being of our citizens and for our productivity, as well, as a country. I encourage Granite Staters to take advantage of this opportunity and receive the bene-fits that come with affordable healthcare. Mr. President, I also want to take a moment to address the continued ef-forts this week from President Trump and my Republican colleagues to push through nominees who will truly re-shape our Federal judiciary. An independent and impartial judici-ary is critical to democracy and to our march toward progress. Our Founders established our court system to serve as an independent arbiter that would protect the rights of all Americans and ensure equal justice under our laws. Unfortunately, the nominees who have been selected by the President and who have been voted on throughout this year have been handpicked by far-right groups to serve a conservative agenda. We have seen judicial nominees who have not committed to upholding the precedent of Roe v. Wade and pro-tecting a woman’s right to make her own healthcare decisions and control her own destiny in doing so, nominees who have stood against basic rights and freedoms for LGBTQ Americans and who have opposed protections for workers’ rights. This is unacceptable. We are voting on lifetime appoint-ments that require a commitment to equal justice, objectivity, and sound judgment. I will continue to oppose ju-dicial nominees who do not live up to those standards, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, there is now 30 min-utes of postcloture time remaining, equally divided between the two lead-ers or their designees, prior to a vote on confirmation of the Larsen nomina-tion. The Senator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, it is my understanding that I have 25 min-utes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa is recognized. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I would like to address the issue we are voting on in a few minutes. The Senate will vote on the nomination of Michi-gan Supreme Court Justice Joan Lar-sen to serve on the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals. Though she currently lives in Michi-gan, Justice Larsen was born in and hails from my State of Iowa. In fact, she and I share the same alma mater, the University of Northern Iowa, for our bachelor’s degrees. I have also learned, since meeting Justice Larsen, that her father was the longtime CEO of the Lutheran Services in Iowa. He is now retired, but during the time he was the CEO, he was the very same per-son with whom I often met for break-fast when he would come to Wash-ington to tell us about the concerns of the Lutheran Services in Iowa. At that time, I never knew I might be speaking in favor of his daughter. I didn’t even know of his daughter at that time. So I am proud to see a fellow Iowan and such an eminently qualified nominee be nominated to the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals. For those who may not be familiar with her career and accomplishments, a few minutes will give me an oppor-tunity to share them with you. I think you will find, as I have, that Justice Larsen is particularly well suited to serve as a Federal appellate judge. Justice Larsen has an outstanding academic record, having received nu-merous awards during her under-graduate and law school careers. Jus-tice Larsen was a Presidential Scholar at the University of Northern Iowa and graduated with the highest honors. She graduated first in her class at the Northwestern University Pritzker School of Law, where she won the Jus-tice John Paul Stevens Award for Aca-demic Excellence and served as editor of the Northwestern University Law Review. She began her legal career as a clerk for Judge Sentelle on the DC Circuit Court of Appeals and then clerked for Justice Scalia on the U.S. Supreme Court. Following her clerkships, Jus-tice Larsen joined the DC firm of Sidley Austin, one of the largest law firms in the United States. Justice Larsen spent 2 years as Deputy Assist-ant Attorney General for the Office of Legal Counsel, where she provided legal advice to the President and exec-utive agencies on difficult issues of constitutional and statutory interpre-tation. Justice Larsen has taught constitu-tional law and criminal law at the Uni-versity of Michigan Law School since 1998, where she has earned the respect of faculty members and students alike. She won the L. Hart Wright Award for Excellence in Teaching early in her teaching career. In addition to her teaching responsibilities, Justice Lar-sen ran Michigan’s clerkship program, helping hundreds of students and alum-ni pursue clerkships at the Federal and State levels. As an adjunct professor, she continues to run the law school’s Moot Court Program. Her colleagues at the University of Michigan praised Justice Larsen and wrote: 
Even among the talented and ambitious lawyers at an elite law school, Joan stands out for her ability to make the penetrating insight that untangles some knotty problem of statutory interpretation or judiciary doc-trine. Especially distinctive, moreover, is the rigor and even-handedness she brings to her analysis. 
I will share one more example from that letter because I think it addresses some of my colleagues’ concerns, who are on the other side of the aisle, as to her approach to the law. Her colleagues wrote: 
For those of us who have found ourselves on the opposite side of a debate with Joan about a case, a statute, or some broader issue of constitutional history, she has dem-onstrated time and again that she is both a gracious and intellectually honest partner in the collaborative project of figuring things out. What matters for Joan is not winning but working out the right answer. 
Now I bring emphasis to this last sentence. 
Even when you disagree with her, it is im-possible not to respect her and to take pleas-ure in the process of refining the issues actu-ally in dispute. 
In other words, as I see it, Justice Larsen is and will be a jurist who seeks to find the right answer, never simply one she prefers as a matter of policy. We can already see from her time on the Michigan Supreme Court that Jus-tice Larsen is a principled jurist with an impressive legal acumen. She has served with distinction on that court since she was appointed in 2015. It hap-pens that she was elected to the posi-tion in 2016, in her own right, by a re-sounding majority, winning every county in Michigan. Colleagues on the court have praised her sharp legal anal-ysis, her clear and crisp writing, and, most importantly, her work ethic. Outside the courtroom, Justice Lar-sen is actively involved in volunteer ef-forts to serve disadvantaged children, and she works with Michigan’s vet-erans, drugs, sobriety, and mental health court programs. Some of my colleagues have said they will not support the nomination 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:49 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.010 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6944 November 1, 2017 
because Justice Larsen was included on President Trump’s short list for the Supreme Court. Is there anything wrong with the President suggesting whom he is going to put on the Su-preme Court if he is elected President? If you look at her background, it should be no surprise that she was in-cluded on that list. She is an accom-plished legal academic, a mainstream jurist, and is well respected on a bipar-tisan basis throughout the legal com-munity. Because my colleagues have been concerned about everyone on that list, at her hearing, I asked Justice Larsen when she learned that her name was on that list. She replied: ‘‘The date it was announced . . . it was a complete sur-prise to me.’’ I also asked her about judicial inde-pendence and whether she could rule against the President who nominated her. She replied: 
I would have no trouble ruling against the President who appointed me or any successor President as well. Judicial independence means one thing, one very simple thing— 
At this point I want to emphasize— 
and that is putting the law above everything else, the statutes passed by this body, and the Constitution of the United States. So I would have absolutely no trouble, and, in-deed, that would be my duty. 
Here is the most outrageous reason I have heard for voting against Justice Larsen. This should surprise a lot of people. Some in the minority have sug-gested that she is somehow responsible for outside groups running ads that support her nomination in Michigan. The claim that she is responsible for the action of an outside group is ridicu-lous, and the allegation that these ads are in some way a guarantee of how she will rule in the future is the most ab-surd thing I have heard based upon her answers to my questions. I find it interesting that my col-leagues who are complaining about conservative groups do not seem to have the same concern for groups on the left that are spending money in op-position to these nominees. One such group, Alliance for Justice, routinely issues reports and press releases on ju-dicial nominees. Oftentimes, these so- called reports put forward incendiary and false criticisms of these nominees. My colleagues even make the same in-cendiary attacks against the nominees as these outside groups do. In other words, they use the same talking points. I do not hear that my col-leagues on the other side are up in arms about their spending millions of dollars to oppose nominees. Of course, some may remember that last year groups on the left coordinated attacks on this Senator. I was followed all over Iowa by these groups and their members. They ran ads against me and put up billboards that opposed my elec-tion, and that had something to do with the Supreme Court, as one might recall. I don’t remember hearing any of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle complain about all of the money those groups were spending at that time. As I have said before, I expect that outside groups on the left and on the right want to have their voices heard in the nomination process. Isn’t that something to do with what we call de-mocracy, representative government, freedom of speech, freedom of associa-tion? There is nothing wrong with that, whether it is done by the right or the left, but I take issue with complaints from the other side that do not ac-knowledge that all sides have interest groups that are spending and engaging in the judicial nomination process. It was completely appropriate for Justice Larsen not to wade in on the political debate regarding those political ads. Her answers to those questions were exactly what I would expect an inde-pendent nominee to say, particularly if she wants to be independent of any President who appoints her when she is appointed to the bench. Justice Larsen’s nomination is sup-ported by a broad and diverse coalition of lawyers, judges, and academic col-leagues. It is easy to see why, for she is an accomplished and well-respected academic. She is a brilliant and inde-pendent jurist. Her careful and well- reasoned legal analysis puts her squarely within the mainstream of legal thought. I urge my colleagues, in a few minutes, to vote for her nomina-tion. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I yield back all time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Larsen nomina-tion? Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCAS-
KILL) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 60, nays 38, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 257 Ex.] YEAS—60 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young NAYS—38 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Merkley Murphy Murray Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Tester Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
McCaskill Menendez 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
CLOTURE MOTION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Allison H. Eid, of Colorado, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit. Mitch McConnell, Steve Daines, Tom Cotton, Pat Roberts, John Boozman, Mike Rounds, Patrick J. Toomey, John Barrasso, Cory Gardner, Richard Burr, Thom Tillis, Roger F. Wicker, James E. Risch, John Cornyn, Lamar Alex-ander, Dan Sullivan, Chuck Grassley. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the nomination of Allison H. Eid, of Colorado, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I annouce that the Sen-ator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) are necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.012 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6945 November 1, 2017 
The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 56, nays 42, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 258 Ex.] YEA S—56 
Alexander Barrasso Bennet Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAY S—42 
Baldwin Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—2 
McCaskill Menendez 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 56, the nays are 42. The motion is agreed to. 
f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Allison H. Eid, of Colorado, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I rise today to add my voice and my strong support for the confirmation of Colo-rado Supreme Court Justice Allison Eid as the next U.S. court of appeals judge for the Tenth Circuit Court, which, of course, is housed in Denver, CO. There is no doubt that Justice Eid is superbly qualified for this position. For the past decade, she has served Colo-rado as a justice on the supreme court. In 2008, Justice Eid was overwhelm-ingly retained by the people of Colo-rado. We have a system where every decade the voters of Colorado vote to retain or dismiss a judge, and every time that has come before the people of Colorado, she has been overwhelmingly retained by the people of Colorado. Prior to her appointment, Justice Eid represented the State of Colorado before the State federal courts as our State solicitor general. She served as a tenured member of the faculty at the University of Colorado Law School, where she taught courses in constitu-tional law, legislation, torts, and she has published scholarly articles on top-ics such as constitutional federalism and tort law, in addition to being a clerk on the Supreme Court. She also practiced commercial and appellate litigation at the Denver office of the national law firm Arnold and Porter. She began her legal career as a clerk to Judge Jerry E. Smith on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. Her law experience took her to the U.S. Supreme Court under Clarence Thom-as. Prior to attending law school, Jus-tice Eid was a special assistant and speechwriter for the U.S. Secretary of Education, Bill Bennett. She received her law degree from the University of Chicago Law School, where she was the articles editor of the Law Review. She graduated with high honors and as a member of the Order of the Coif. She received her degree in American stud-ies from Stanford University, grad-uating with distinction as a member of Phi Beta Kappa. What her resume clearly shows is that whatever Justice Eid does, she does it at the highest level, with the best results. She has specialized knowl-edge of federalism, water law, and In-dian law, among other important areas of the law. Indeed, the National Native American Bar Association has even noted that she has ‘‘significantly more experience with Indian law cases than any other recent Circuit Court nomi-nee.’’ We have had some pretty doggone good circuit court nominees in the past, including Justice Neil Gorsuch, whose seat she will be filling on the Tenth Circuit Court. These are con-cepts that are critical to my home State of Colorado, and her expertise will prove to be invaluable to the Tenth Circuit Court, as well as to the Nation and the people of this country. But as impressive as her credentials are, it is her demeanor and her ap-proach to the law that make her ideal-ly suited for the court. Justice Eid has been called a ‘‘mainstream, common-sense Westerner.’’ She is also, as her former law clerks have noted, ‘‘fiercely independent,’’ and she will decide cases ‘‘as she believes the law requires.’’ At the same time, she seeks out different viewpoints and wants to understand all sides of the issue she addresses. That is the law professor I know from my days at the University of Colorado School of Law. I can say from that ex-perience that while Justice Eid has her perspectives on the law, she cares very deeply about robust debate and hearing the views of others. And I know from my classmates who had Justice Eid as their professor—those classmates didn’t always agree with her perspec-tives, but Justice Eid was open to their debate and hearing their views. She en-gaged them, and she was never biased against differing perspectives but al-ways applying the law as the law re-quired, not as opinions suited. I also know that ‘‘fiercely inde-pendent’’ jurist whom her former clerks spoke so highly of. Justice Eid will follow the law regardless of the popular wind, regardless of personal opinion. Whether considering the plain meaning of a statute, discerning the proper role of the courts, the legisla-tive branch, or the executive and its agencies, or evaluating the relation-ships between the Federal Government and the States, Justice Eid will side with what the law says, and she will do it in that commonsense, western way that clearly and articulately tells the American people what the law is. I am privileged to know Justice Eid. I have known her for a number of years now from my days as a student at the University of Colorado School of Law and through her work in the State of Colorado at the time that I served in the State legislature. She is an incred-ible human being with a delightful de-meanor that will suit the court well. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the RECORD sev-eral letters in support of Justice Eid’s nomination: a letter to Chairman G
RASSLEY and Ranking Member F EIN-
STEIN from former law clerks of Justice Eid’s, as well as a letter from various supporters in Colorado and one letter from the Southern Ute Indian Tribe. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
JULY13, 2017. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GRASSLEY AND RANKING  M
EMBER FEINSTEIN : We are all of Justice Eid’s former law clerks (except those cur-rently clerking for a federal judge and not permitted to sign) since she began her tenure on the Colorado Supreme Court in 2006, and we write to give our fullest support to her nomination to be a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-cuit. We come from a diverse set of geo-graphic, economic, cultural, and political backgrounds, yet we are united in our belief that Justice Eid is a jurist and a person of the highest caliber and character. We have each learned so much from her. Justice Eid was raised by a single mother in Spokane, Washington under challenging circumstances, after her father abandoned her family. Justice Eid began college at the University of Idaho, but with the support and encouragement of her mother and a pro-fessor there, Justice Eid transferred to Stan-ford University where she graduated with distinction and was a member of the Phi Beta Kappa honor society. After Stanford, she served as a speechwriter to President Ronald Reagan’s Secretary of Education, William Bennett, and then went on to attend the University of Chicago Law School, where she served as Articles Editor on the Law Re-view, graduated with High Honors, and was elected Order of the Coif. Justice Eid began her legal career as a law clerk for Judge Jerry Smith on the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. She then served as a law clerk to Justice Clarence Thomas on the United States Supreme Court. In private practice at Arnold and Porter following her clerkships, Justice Eid prac-ticed both commercial and appellate litiga-tion for a variety of clients. She departed private practice and joined academia where she became a tenured professor at the Uni-versity of Colorado Law School, teaching Legislation, Constitutional Law, and Torts, and serving as the faculty clerkship advisor. During her time at the University of Colo-rado, Justice Eid continued her service in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO6.002 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6946 November 1, 2017 
the Colorado legal community as President of the Colorado Association of Corporate Counsel. In 2005 she was appointed by Colo-rado Attorney General John Suthers to serve as the Solicitor General of Colorado. One year later, Governor Bill Owens appointed Justice Eid to the Colorado Supreme Court where she has served for 11 years and was successfully retained by the voters of Colo-rado on a statewide ballot. As law clerks we had the distinct privilege and opportunity to learn by observing Jus-tice Eid throughout her decision making process. We learned that she never fails to provide her full attention and dedication to each individual case, mastering the relevant facts and carefully analyzing the law, wheth-er the text of a statute or the words of a con-tract. As Justice Eid is so fond of saying, she ‘‘goes where the law takes her.’’ In other words, she treats each case individually without any preconceived notion of desired outcome. As young lawyers, we took particular note of the respect that Justice Eid shows the parties and their attorneys both in her writ-ten work product and during oral argument. We also observed her belief in the impor-tance of respect and collegiality with her colleagues, particularly during times of dis-agreement. Her chambers are always open, and she wants to hear different viewpoints (even ours), but she remains fiercely inde-pendent, ultimately deciding cases as she be-lieves the law requires. And her opinions do just that—in clean and succinct prose, time and again, Justice Eid resolves the dispute between the parties and announces a clear rule of law that can be readily discerned by future litigants. Her majority opinions in particular are a testament to the care, dedi-cation, and consensus-building attitude she brings to her role as a Judge. While serving as a Justice on the Colorado Supreme Court, Justice Eid has continued to teach at the University of Colorado. She also serves as the Chair of the Supreme Court Water Court Committee, which works to identify rule and statutory changes to achieve efficiencies in water court cases, while maintaining quality outcomes for all. Justice Eid was appointed by Chief Justice John Roberts to serve on the Federal Advi-sory Committee on Appellate Rules—a pres-tigious appointment where she has served alongside federal judges, law professors, and lawyers to craft revisions to the Federal Rules of Appellate Procedure—and by Presi-dent George W. Bush to the Permanent Com-mittee for the Oliver Wendell Holmes Devise (an organization that writes the history of the United States Supreme Court and spon-sors the Oliver Wendell Holmes Lecture). Justice Eid is active in her community and church, and as the mother of two children, Justice Eid has also been involved in her children’s school over the years. In addition to her service on the Colorado Supreme Court, these other responsibilities connect her to the Colorado community, specifically the challenges and issues facing citizens of this State and will allow her to bring an im-portant perspective and diverse set of experi-ences to the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Her qualifications to serve are unparal-leled and speak for themselves. At each stage of her education and career Justice Eid has excelled at the highest levels and has re-ceived praise, awards, and the utmost re-spect of her colleagues and those who have worked for her. This is in no small part due to her incredible work ethic and her leader-ship by example. And we as law clerks have carefully observed and learned from her si-multaneous and unfaltering commitment to both her family and her position on the Colo-rado Supreme Court. We close by reflecting on our fond memo-ries of our experiences as law clerks under Justice Eid, whether it was a lunch to cele-brate a birthday, officiating numerous of our weddings, or the annual holiday and summer parties that she hosts. We all remember the genuine interest and support Justice Eid pro-vided to us as people and new lawyers. We will never forget her heartfelt appreciation for our hard work and the care and time she has taken to guide us through our clerkships and beyond. She has been an important and steady mentor in each of our lives. We urge the Senate to take swift action on her nomi-nation and are available to speak to any member or their staff about Justice Eid and her qualifications to serve on the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Cir-cuit. Sincerely, Marie Williams, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2006–07; Holly E. Sterrett, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2006–07; Jared Butcher, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2007–08; Clark Smith, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2008–09; Kate Field, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2009–10; Tim Zimmerman, Clerk for Jus-tice Eid, 2010–11; Lee Fanyo, Clerk for Jus-tice Eid, 2011–12; Jon Gillam, Clerk for Jus-tice Eid, 2011–12; Jake Durling, Clerk for Jus-tice Eid, 2012–13; Doug Marsh, Clerk for Jus-tice Eid, 2013–14; Jamen Tyler, Clerk for Jus-tice Eid, 2014–15; Ben Fischer, Clerk for Jus-tice Eid, 2014–15; Chris Chrisman, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2006–07; Catherine Bazile, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2007–08. Katie Yarger, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2008– 09; Sara Rundell, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2009– 10; Maranda Compton, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2010–11; Trina Ruhland, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2010–11; Victoria Cisneros, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2011–12/2012–13; Kate Cahoy, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2012–13; Lidiana Rios, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2013–14; Ayesha Lewis, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2013–14; Matt Mellema, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2014–15; Emma Kaplan, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2015–16; Julie Hamilton, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2016–17; Rob Rankin, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2016–17; Mairead Dolan, Clerk for Justice Eid, 2016–17. 
JULY27, 2017. Re Support for the Confirmation of Justice Allison Eid to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. D
EARSENATORS BENNET AND GARDNER : As members of the Colorado legal community, we are proud to support the nomination of Justice Allison Eid to serve as a Judge on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. We hold a diverse set of political views as Democrats, Republicans, and Independents. Our prac-tices range from litigation, including both plaintiffs’ and defense work, to transactional work to administrative law to child welfare advocacy and from employment law to water rights and from government affairs to min-erals development, immigration, healthcare, law enforcement, environmental justice, fed-eral Indian law and civil rights. This incred-ibly diverse group of attorneys agrees on one thing: we all agree that Justice Eid is excep-tionally well qualified and should be con-firmed. We know Justice Eid to be a person of in-tegrity, professional competence, and judi-cial temperament. She has received the high-est possible ‘Well Qualified’ rating from the American Bar Association. Her private prac-tice work, scholarship, law teaching, and service as Colorado’s Solicitor General have all demonstrated her superb abilities over many years. Her service on the Colorado Su-preme Court has earned her a reputation as an excellent jurist. Her strong work ethic is renowned. She is a preeminent member of the legal profession, not only in Colorado, but in the United States more broadly, with outstanding legal ability and exceptional breadth of experience. We also know her to be a compassionate and caring person, deeply involved in the broader community and called to service, not only in her day job, but through her extensive volunteerism toward the betterment of the profession. Through-out her tenure on the bench, she has hired numerous diverse law clerks and continu-ously sought to ensure that the diverse voices of Coloradoans are heard, evincing a very strong commitment to diversity and in-clusion. We are excited to see her bring her spirit and skill set to the Tenth Circuit. We ask that Colorado’s Senators join to-gether and support this very highly qualified nominee from Colorado. We believe it is an exceptional moment to confirm Justice Eid as the first Colorado woman to serve on the Tenth Circuit. Respectfully, Sarah J. Auchterlonie, Franklin Azar, Naomi Beer, Michael Bender, Heath Briggs, Geraldine Brimmer, Scott Campbell, Richard Cunningham, Stanton Dodge, Caleb Durling, Jacob Durling, John Echohawk, David Fine, Jeremy Graves, Melissa Hart, Ellen Herzog, Neal Katyal, Martin Katz, Robert Kaufman, Kenzo Kawanabe, Kevin Kuhn. Liz Krupa, Bradley A. Levin, Cedric D. Logan, Monica Loseman, Victoria E. Lovato, Rebecca Love Kourlis, Cynthia Mares, Mi-chael E. McLachlan, Mary Mullarkey, Marc Musyl, Habib Nasrullah, Chris Neumann, Neil Oberfeld, Angelica Ochoa, Michael O’Donnell, Michele On-ja Choe, Peter Ortego, David Palmer, Joseph A. Peters, Richard Petkun, John Posthumus. James Prochnow, Lee Reichert, Harriet McConnell Retford, Tom Sansonetti, Cliff Stricklin, Trent D. Tanner, Robert S. Thompson, III, Lorenzo Trujillo, John Voor-hees, John Wahl, Rebecca Watson, Dee Wisor, Jennifer Weddle, Kristin White, Heather Whiteman Runs Him, Evan Wil-liams, David B. Wilson, Maureen Witt, David Yun, John Zakhem. SOUTHERN UTEINDIAN TRIBE, Ignacio, CO, July 21, 2017. Re Support for Confirmation of Colorado Su-preme Court Justice Allison Eid to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. D
EAR CHAIRMAN GRASSLEY AND RANKING  M
EMBER FEINSTEIN : The Southern Ute Indian Tribe is writing in support of the confirma-tion of Colorado Supreme Court Justice Alli-son Eid to the United States Court of Ap-peals for the Tenth Circuit. Justice Eid’s considerable qualifications for this pres-tigious appointment are not in question. As a Colorado Supreme Court Justice, Justice Eid has demonstrated expertise in a broad spectrum of legal matters including the field of federal Indian law. Justice Eid’s judicial record evidences her understanding of tribal sovereignty and other matters that are acutely important to the Tribe. Because these matters are often resolved in the Su-preme Court following a decision in a federal appellate circuit in the West, it is critical that the judges on those circuit courts pos-sess a working understanding of Indian law issues. Because she is well-versed in the es-tablished principles of federal Indian law, as well as many other areas of the law, the Tribe supports the nomination of Justice Eid. Sincerely, C
LEMENT J. F ROST , Chairman. 
Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I wish to spend some time talking about a let-ter dated July 27, 2017. This letter was sent to me and my colleague, Senator B
ENNET from Colorado. This letter was titled ‘‘Support for the Confirmation of Justice Allison Eid to the Tenth Cir-cuit Court of Appeals,’’ which I have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO6.022 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6947 November 1, 2017 
submitted for the R ECORD , but I want to highlight some of the people who have signed this letter because when it comes to the courts and nominations, I think it is very important that we lis-ten to the voices of those people who are closest to the court over which the nominee may be presiding. It is also important that those who are closest to a practicing lawyer provide their opinions of a lawyer who has been nom-inated for the bench who is not already on the bench. In the case of Justice Eid’s sup-porters, there is an incredible list of people from across the political spec-trum—both sides of the aisle—sup-porting Justice Eid. Let me talk about a few of Justice Eid’s supporters, be-cause we will hear a lot of debate about groups who support or oppose Justice Eid, but the people who know her the best, the people who have practiced be-fore her court, the people who have worked with her over the many years of public service that she has provided don’t just fall on the Republican side of the aisle or the Democratic side of the aisle, the support she has gathered is from across the political spectrum. There is Michael Bender, former Col-orado Supreme Court justice; Justice Rebecca Love Kourlis, one of the most respected jurists in Colorado, who served on the State supreme court and is one of the most highly regarded jus-tices not only in Colorado but across the country, quite frankly; Justice Mary Mullarkey. Justice Mullarkey is no longer on the Colorado Supreme Court, but she served as the chief jus-tice of the Colorado Supreme Court. She was appointed by a Democratic Governor. She is someone who believes Justice Eid would be an incredible ad-dition to the court. There is Neal Katyal, a former Department of Jus-tice civil servant for the Obama admin-istration—a U.S. Solicitor General, in fact. If we look at the other supporters she has, we see that Melissa Hart, who has run for office as a Democratic can-didate, supports the nomination and confirmation of Justice Allison Eid. As you can see, the Tenth Circuit has an incredible nominee before it whom I hope this body will soon confirm. I urge my colleagues to move quickly during this cloture time so that we can actually approve somebody who I know will do an outstanding job. I urge their support. I hope we will do our duty under our Constitution to select those people who will be guarding the Con-stitution and do it in a way that we can all be proud of. That is why I sup-port Allison Eid. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Rhode Island. 
CLIMATE CHANGE  
Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I come to the floor today for the 184th time to ask us to at least wake up to our duty as a Congress to enact pru-dent policies to address the effects of climate change. The Presiding Officer is well aware of what Alaska faces from ocean acidification and ocean melting and sea level rise and all of that. For the generations who will look back at this, I have tried in these speeches to chronicle the political tricks and bullying that have put Con-gress—the Congress of the United States—in tow to a massively con-flicted special interest, such that we are incapacitated on this vital subject. The shamelessness of the fossil fuel in-dustry and the spinelessness of Con-gress under its sway will provide a long lesson in modern-day corruption and political failure. The Trump administration has been particularly loathsome, threatening the emissions standards for cars and trucks, pressing for the Keystone XL tar sands pipeline, disbanding science advisory committees, lifting the mora-torium on Federal coal leasing, trying to expand offshore drilling, and open national marine monuments and sanc-tuaries to energy companies. The Envi-ronmental Protection Agency is work-ing to eliminate rules on the leaking and flaring of methane and has re-scinded requirements for reporting methane emissions. The President has announced his intention to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate agree-ment. One particular target of this cor-rupted administration is the Clean Power Plan, the 2015 EPA rule to re-duce carbon dioxide emissions from American powerplants—a rule that many utilities and States supported. But it is the industry’s bottom-dwell-ers who have the President’s ear, and they want to undo even this flexible framework for meeting emissions-re-duction targets. When EPA balanced the costs and benefits of the Clean Power Plan origi-nally, it offset things, like between $14 billion and $34 billion in health bene-fits in the form of preventive illnesses and deaths, against the costs of indus-try compliance. The net benefits of the Clean Power Plan came out to between $26 billion and $45 billion every year. So with its official proposal to re-scind the Clean Power Plan, EPA ad-ministrator and fossil fuel operative Scott Pruitt had to cook the books to wipe out this public benefit. Here is how he did it. There were two tricks. One derives from the fact that harms, injuries, and losses caused by carbon pollution can take place many years after the pollution is emitted. In finan-cial matters, future costs and benefits are balanced against present costs and benefits, using what is called a dis-count rate. It is more valuable to re-ceive $1 million now than $1 million 20 years from now. That is the theory. But even the George W. Bush admin-istration recognized for healthcare rulemaking that ‘‘[s]pecial ethical con-siderations arise when comparing bene-fits and costs across generations,’’ and they urged care about using a discount rate when a rule is expected to harm future generations. In 2015, the United States settled on a 3-percent discount rate to estimate the out-year costs of carbon pollution to society. Scott Pruitt jacked that up to a 7-percent discount rate so out-year harms, injuries, and losses would count for less. Mind you, our children and grandchildren will still suffer the exact same costs at 3 percent or at 7 percent. It is just that present-day polluters— Scott Pruitt’s masters—get a way-big discount. Pruitt’s second trick is only to count the carbon pollution harm within our borders. You might say: That is OK; we are Americans, after all. But it is worth taking a look at what this rule does if all countries were to use it be-cause there is a trick hidden in the middle of it. The fact is that we are harmed by other countries’ carbon emissions, and they in turn are harmed by our carbon emissions. On the flip side, we harm other countries with our emissions, and they harm us with theirs. There is a total amount of global emissions, and there is a total amount of global harm. If you call the total global emissions X and the total global harm Y, what happens when every country follows the Pruitt method of only pricing local emissions and local harms? For purposes of illustration, let’s say there are three countries in the world, and each emits one-third of the total carbon pollution and suffers one-third of the global harm from the collective global emissions. If each country only counts its own emissions and the harms only to its own country, guess what happens. All that cross-border harm never gets counted. It never gets counted. It disappears off the balance sheet. It vanishes into this trick of cal-culation. If you are the tool of the fos-sil fuel industry, how rewarding it must be to implement a trick that just vanishes so much of the fossil fuel in-dustry’s harm to the world. In this hypothetical, how much harm simply vanishes? Two-thirds of it does. Two thirds of the harm simply van-ishes, never to be accounted for—not in the real world. Nothing has changed in the real world. In this three-country hypothetical, the total emissions is still X and the total harm is still Y. None of that has changed. This Pruitt trick of accounting just wiped two- thirds of the harm off the books. A happy day for polluters, and a happy, happy day for the polluters’ tool, for there will no doubt be rewards for im-plementing this trick. Those fossil fuel industry bottom- dwellers no doubt think that this is pretty cute and that this is pretty clev-er stuff, indeed. There are high-fives in the corporate boardrooms that they have a tool in office who will pull such a trick of magical, vanishing carbon pollution harms. But the problem with these crooked little schemes is that the whole world is actually watching. Any-body can do the analysis that I just did and show that this is nothing more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.018 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6948 November 1, 2017 
than a trick, and sooner or later, con-sequences do come home to roost. Out in the real world, the Pacific Is-land nation of Kiribati is buying up land in Fiji so it can evacuate its peo-ple there when rising seas engulf its is-lands and eliminate the nation. It is on its way to becoming a modern-day Atlantis, lost forever to the waves. You can replicate that risk along the shores of Bangladesh, Burma, Malaysia and the Maldives. You can add in the risk of lost fish-eries that left a country’s EEZ for cool-er waters. If you think that is just a hypothetical, ask Connecticut and Rhode Island lobstermen about their catch. Add in the expansion of the world’s desert areas in the Sahel and elsewhere that forces farmers’ crops and shepherds’ flocks away from their historic homes. Add unprecedented storms powered up over warming seas. As bad as things have been in Houston, Florida, and Puerto Rico, we are rich enough to re-build, to throw billions of dollars at the problem, and we are. Other places do not have those resources. Without the help, imagine that suffering. To those who will suffer in the fu-ture, what do we say? On that day of reckoning, on that judgment day, what do we tell all those people who suf-fered? Ha-ha-ha, do we say? We came up with this little trick that wiped most of your suffering off our books. We used a discount rate that dis-counted your suffering to virtually zero. Is that the kind of America we want to be? Remember the saying: The power of America’s example is more important than any example of our power. Some example we would be, some city on a hill, if that was the way we behaved. The natural world does not care about self-serving or ideological argu-ments. The natural world is governed by immutable laws of physics, chem-istry, biology, and mathematics. Scott Pruitt’s polluter-friendly mathematics just doesn’t add up. As Michael Greenstone, an economist at the Uni-versity of Chicago who helped develop the social cost of carbon, put it, Pru-itt’s plan was not evidence-based pol-icymaking. This was policy-based evi-dence making. There is enormous pressure in the Trump administration to get rid of the social cost of carbon. What is bizarre about the Trump administration is that they don’t try to get rid of the so-cial cost of carbon by getting rid of its social costs, by lowering carbon emis-sions, by addressing the harms that it causes. They try to get rid of the social cost of carbon by getting rid of the scoring mechanism that counts all of that. It is like saying: My team is win-ning because I tore down the score-board. Well, no, the world is getting clob-bered out there by carbon pollution and the climate change that causes it, and tearing down the scoreboard doesn’t help change the game on the field. You cannot just cook the books and reduce the social cost of carbon. For one thing, the social cost of car-bon analysis is too well established in the honest world. Courts have in-structed Federal agencies to factor the social cost of carbon into their regula-tions. States are using the social cost of carbon in their policymaking. Most major corporations, even ExxonMobil, factor a social cost of carbon into their own planning and accounting. The social cost of carbon pollution is at the heart of the International Mone-tary Fund calculation, for which the fossil fuel industry gets an annual sub-sidy in the United States of $700 billion a year. Even to protect a multihun-dred-billion-dollar annual subsidy, Scott Pruitt can’t just wish the social cost of carbon away and just can’t stop counting it. Courts will take notice. They may take notice that these stunts are arbitrary and capricious under the Administrative Procedure Act. They may take note that Pruitt has massive conflicts of interest with his fossil fuel funders. They will surely note that the Supreme Court has said greenhouse gases are pollutants under the Clean Air Act, and that EPA is le-gally obligated to regulate them. They will surely note that the EPA itself has determined that greenhouse gas emis-sions endanger the public health and welfare of current and future genera-tions, a determination that the DC Cir-cuit resoundingly upheld. But we are not in an ordinary situa-tion. Pruitt has a long history of doing the bidding of the fossil fuel industry. In the recent Frontline documentary, ‘‘War on the EPA,’’ Bob Murray of Murray Energy, a strong Pruitt sup-porter, bragged about giving this ad-ministration a three-page action plan on environmental regulations and bragged that the first page was already done. That is the world we live in now, where the regulated industry brags that it controls its regulator, gives it direction, and that its work is already being done. Courts that look at any rule proposed by Scott Pruitt must recognize that there is a near zero chance that he is operating in good faith. Our Nation’s environmental regulator went in cap-tured and has stayed captured by our Nation’s biggest polluters. Scott Pruitt is not their regulator; he is their in-strument. That is a conflict of interest. I recently hosted my eighth annual Rhode Island Energy Environment and Oceans Day, bringing together mem-bers of our business community from the public sector, from government, and academia, to hear directly from ex-perts about the latest environmental news and initiatives. I was very excited to be joined by excellent keynote speakers, including former Secretary of State John Kerry, who has done such magnificent work on oceans particu-larly but on climate change generally, leading us into the Paris climate agree-ment. Also, there was former U.S. Spe-cial Envoy for Climate Change Todd Stern, who has labored in these vine-yards so many years, and ocean advo-cate and Oceana board member Sam Waterston. They were all great, but one phrase stood out. Sam Waterston called on us to tackle today’s ocean and environmental prob-lems with what he called a ‘‘battle- ready kind of optimism’’—a ‘‘battle- ready kind of optimism.’’ So let us go forward with a ‘‘battle- ready kind of optimism’’ to clean the polluter swamp at EPA, to clean our Earth’s atmosphere and oceans of un-bridled carbon emissions, and to clear the reputation of our beloved country of the obloquy it is rapidly earning at the hands of a corrupting industry. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
URR). The Senator from Virginia. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I rise to talk about the Children’s Health Insur-ance Program. We all know that healthcare is the most important thing in any person’s life and in their fam-ily’s life, and there is probably no healthcare issue that is more intense than a parents’ concern about the health of their children. I think all of the offices in this building have heard from parents about the health of their kids over the course of the number of months we have been debating what to do about the Affordable Care Act. I rise today to talk about another critical program, which I hope we will act in a bipartisan way to reauthorize: the Children’s Health Program, or CHIP. CHIP builds on Medicaid, and it gives families who earn too much to be eligible for Medicaid an insurance op-tion for their kids. In talking to fami-lies who avail themselves of this op-tion—in Virginia, years ago we didn’t do a very good job of enrolling kids in CHIP, and we have become an awful lot better at it. It is interesting to hear the way parents talk about it. They will often talk about how important CHIP is to them when their child is sick or when their child is injured, but what is interesting to me is how impor-tant it is to them when their child is perfectly fine—not sick, not injured. But if you are a parent, you are going to have anxiety when you go to bed every night if your child doesn’t have insurance or coverage: What if some-thing happens tomorrow? This is a pro-gram that provides not just healthcare but peace of mind for parents and their kids. Between Virginia’s separate CHIP program and the Family Access to Medical Insurance Security and CHIP- funded Medicaid, the State provides coverage to nearly 193,000 children. CHIP alone—the specific CHIP pro-gram—covers 66,000 kids in Virginia and also pregnant moms; 1,100 pregnant moms are covered right now. The cov-erage is important. It includes doctor visits, hospital care, prescription medi-cines, eyeglasses—which are critical to being successful in school—immuniza-tions, and checkups for kids up to age 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.019 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6949 November 1, 2017 
19, with minimal cost sharing and without premiums. In Virginia, since 2009, when I was Governor, we extended CHIP to also allow dental coverage. That has been really important to children and their families. The program is one of the suc-cess stories in this body because it has been strongly bipartisan in support since its creation in 1997. But as the President knows, this program expired on September 30. Despite bipartisan work on the Finance Committee, we still have not seen a reauthorization bill come to the Senate floor. The uncertainty surrounding CHIP has already started to have an influ-ence on my constituents and the con-stituents of every Member of this body. According to our Virginia Department of Medical Assistance Services, the State will be forced to send letters on December 1, 2017, notifying families that there is an impending loss of cov-erage. If there is not a reauthorization bill done by that time, imagine the anxiety of all these families in the weeks before Christmas getting a letter in the mailbox saying that this CHIP program, which covers 66,000 kids and 1,100 pregnant women, is about to ex-pire. This will, at a minimum, cause a great deal of anxiety and confusion, even if we then come back and fix it. But if we don’t fix it, obviously, the anxiety and confusion becomes much more catastrophic for the families. After we send out letters on Decem-ber 1 telling families that they have to prepare for the elimination of this pro-gram, enrollment will freeze on Janu-ary 1. No new children can come into the program. By the end of January— and this differs in different States— Virginia will have insufficient funds to continue the program. There are some States that are already experiencing running out of the funds they have for the program. Virginia has a little cush-ion, but that will take us only through the end of January if we don’t reau-thorize. Here is something that makes mat-ters worse in Virginia, and I think it is the case in most States. Our legisla-ture is a part-time legislature. The leg-islature is not in session. The legisla-ture does not come back in until Janu-ary, and that will make it really dif-ficult. We can’t find time for solutions before then because the legislature is not in session. When the legislature comes back, that would be a lot to face in 2 weeks, which is when this program is going to expire. Needless to say, the kids who use CHIP in Virginia are in all parts of the State. Just to give you some examples, the Hampton Roads area, the second largest metropolitan area in the State—Virginia Beach, Norfolk, and the Northern Neck—has over 5,000 kids who rely on CHIP. In far southwest Virginia, where my wife’s family is from—Appalachia—nearly 6,000 kids rely on CHIP. It is a high poverty area, and in those parts of the State where poverty is high, CHIP is used in a very important way by families. The Shen-andoah Valley, an agricultural area in western Virginia, has about 6,400 kids who rely on CHIP. There is not a coun-ty, there is not a city in Virginia where there isn’t a child and a pregnant woman who rely on this program. On September 18—now to the good part of my talk, the positive words from my colleagues—Senators H
ATCH  and W
YDEN introduced the bipartisan Keeping Kids’ Insurance Dependable and Secure Act, which is a bipartisan compromise in the best traditions of this body, to extend the CHIP program for 5 years to give States sufficient time to plan their budgets and make sure that families don’t face the uncer-tainty related to getting notice letters saying that the program may termi-nate. I rise today to urge my colleagues to strongly support bringing this bill to the floor and providing certainty to the families and children who rely on CHIP. The possibility of all these fami-lies getting letters on December 1 say-ing that the program is possibly going to expire is just a needless uncertainty, and we should try to avoid that if we can, not just in Virginia but in every State. My senior Senator, Mr. W
ARNER , is also a strong supporter of the program. I will give him some props. When he was Governor of Virginia—he preceded me as Governor—he was the one who focused on doing a better job of enroll-ing kids in the program. I give him credit for that, and I will take credit for my teamwork and for adding dental coverage to CHIP. But he was a great leader. He and I have together sent a letter to the Senate leader, Mr. M
CCON-
NELL , asking if he would bring a bipar-tisan bill to the floor quickly on behalf of Virginia’s children. This bill was bipartisan in its intro-duction, and with the number of co-sponsors and the historic, bipartisan nature of support for this program, if we can get a floor vote on this bill, I think we can pass it today and send it to the House and do so in a way that we would avoid the need to start send-ing out termination letters to families, needlessly increasing their anxiety. I will conclude by saying that if we can bring this to the floor, I think we can get it passed. It is an urgent issue for children across the country—and even more than children in some ways. The children aren’t wandering around every day thinking about their healthcare, but their parents are won-dering every day, worrying desperately about their healthcare. This would be a bill that would help both children and parents. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, this week we are moving to confirm four Federal circuit judges. Because of that, it is a good week to talk about the critical role the judiciary plays and actually about the unique power our Constitu-tion gave the courts to do the job they are supposed to do. They are to provide a check and bal-ance on the other two coequal branches of government—the executive branch and the legislative branch. Most impor-tantly, the Federal judiciary provides Americans with an avenue with which to seek the rule of law, an avenue to know that one is going to be impacted by what the law says and what the Constitution says. It is a fundamental right of how we conduct ourselves, how we seek justice, how people should be able to make decisions about their families and about their businesses and about their financial futures as well as their personal futures. That is why judges who believe in the rule of law and what the law says and what the Constitution says are so im-portant and why it is important to have qualified and well-grounded judges—not just people who are really good lawyers but people who have an appreciation for how important it is that others can absolutely rely on the law and the Constitution. Those can be changed. There is a way to change them, but the way to change them is seldom on the Federal bench. According to the Administrative Of-fice of the U.S. Courts, as of this morn-ing, there are 148 vacancies on the Fed-eral judiciary. That includes two va-cancies on the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals. It includes the circuit judges of whose nominations we have not yet fully complied and approved this week, but there are 148 vacancies—jobs that are to be filled for as long as the people are able to serve. That is why healthy judges, younger judges, and judges who are well grounded can have such an im-pact for so long. The first major judi-cial accomplishment this year, in terms of the nominating process, was Judge Gorsuch, who 29 years from now will be younger than three of the judges with whom he is currently serv-ing. These are decisions that will last well beyond a Presidency and well be-yond the tenure of the Senators who will vote to confirm, and we have a chance to do that. Of these judicial circuits, the Eighth Circuit is one my State of Missouri is in. As a matter of fact, the most recent data shows that while there are a hand-ful of States in that circuit, one-third of all the cases that had been filed in the Eighth Circuit from September 2015 to September 2016 had come from our State, and I imagine that number will be about the same again this year. Re-shaping the judiciary, generally, as well as what happens in the Eighth Cir-cuit are important. At the start of President Trump’s term, 12 percent of all of the positions 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.021 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6950 November 1, 2017 
in the Federal judiciary were vacant. The Congressional Research Service found that not since President Clinton took office has a President had the constitutional obligation to fill more judicial vacancies at the start of his term than President Trump. I, cer-tainly, believe he made the right choice when he selected Judge Gorsuch to serve on the Court, and I have been enthusiastic about the other judges whom he has nominated, including the four we have had a chance to talk about and will continue to have a chance to talk about this week. I think President Trump will con-tinue to nominate judges who will, first of all, pay attention to the Con-stitution and what it says, who will apply the rule of law, and will not leg-islate from the bench. Those three hall-marks of how this Senate should de-fine, and how this President has so far defined, what a judge is supposed to do not only can happen but can happen at this moment for—or at least as of Jan-uary 20—12 percent of the judicial posi-tions, and that number will continue to grow as judges, for whatever reason, leave the bench as judges decide to take early retirement. If at the end of the 4 years of this administration we have filled all of the vacancies that will have occurred, we will have filled more than 12 percent of those lifetime appointments. So it is really important that the Senate act to confirm these nominees and fill as many vacancies as are there to be filled. Last month, the Federalist reported: ‘‘Democrats are forcing more cloture votes than any early Presidency and demanding the full 30 hours of floor time per nominee that the Senate rules allow.’’ Yesterday, at the press stakeout that we had outside of this room, I said that the Senate was designed to protect the rights of the minority, and that is a good thing. Just the fact that it would take 6 years to replace the entire Sen-ate means that the country has to stay focused on one set of ideas if all of the Senators are going to reflect that one set of ideas much longer than the 2- year opportunity to change everybody in the House. Also, the understanding that the Senate provides that protec-tion for minorities to be heard in a big and diverse democracy like we have is a good thing. In the points that we were making yesterday, I also said that the protections for the minority are al-ways held onto, appreciated, and pro-tected until the minority decides to abuse those protections. When that happens, the minority always loses the protection. What we have had over and over again—47 times this year as compared to 1 time with President Obama for nonjudicial appointments, 5 times in the entire first Obama year up until this time in October, I believe, no times for either President Bush, and 1 time for President Clinton—is that the minority has taken a judicial nomina-tion or another nomination and said we are going to insist on 30 hours of de-bate because the rules allow for 30 hours of debate. Well, the rules allow for 30 hours of debate for contentious nominees. The rules allow for 30 hours of debate when there is really going to be a debate. Last week, we had 30 hours of debate on a judge, but 20 minutes were spent talking in support of him while zero minutes were spent in op-posing him. The 30 hours that could have been used for other purposes was gone. Frankly, I think that was the reason the 30 hours was demanded—so the other work of the Senate had to be set aside so we could do the equally impor-tant work of letting the President put people in vacant positions that needed to be filled. That 30 hours will be changed if the minority continues to abuse it. It has happened in the entire history of the Senate, but that is what happens when you abuse these rules that protect you and give you rights. It will happen again here if this does not change. We see the same thing happening this week. We have had lots of time this week—30 hours of debate, a final vote, and Democrats and Republicans vote. In fact, regarding the judge I men-tioned a minute ago, 28 Democrats voted for that judge. There were 30 hours of debate, and not a single crit-ical word was spoken in debate about the judge. A majority of the Democrats and virtually all of the Republicans voted for that judge. That is not an ac-ceptable way to stop the Senate from getting to the other work the Senate needs to do. This is not basketball without a clock, where they used to ef-fectively play the delay game. The delay game got abused, and the clock became part of the system. The clock will run faster here, too, if our col-leagues do not begin to see the impor-tance of what we do here. 
NOMINATION OF DAVID STRAS  
Mr. President, while these nominees have had cloture votes—again, Presi-dent Obama, I think, only had one on a judge in his first year—there is one nominee, Minnesota Supreme Court Justice David Stras, in the Eighth Dis-trict, which is the district again that Missouri is in, who has had his nomina-tion held up. There is a rule sometimes that has been used in the Senate—al-most always if a judge is being replaced that only affects your State—whereby a Senator can say: I am really opposed to that. In most of the history of the Senate, that kind of hold has been hon-ored. It has not been honored on judges who represent another State, many States, or will be a judge in the circuit for many States just because they hap-pen to come from your State. The American Bar Association has said that Justice Stras is ‘‘well quali-fied.’’ It is its very highest rating. He received his bachelor’s degree, with the highest distinction, from the Univer-sity of Kansas, which is another State in this circuit. He received his MBA from the University of Kansas and his law degree from the University of Kan-sas. He clerked on the U.S. Supreme Court before practicing law and teach-ing at the University of Minnesota. Not only was he appointed to fill a vacancy on the Supreme Court in Minnesota, but he was elected. In fact, he was elected and received more votes than the person who is holding his nomina-tion received when he was elected to that job. I urge my colleagues to not only sup-port his nomination but to do what we need to do to get these nominees to the floor and let everybody express their opinion and be given the time needed to do that, not to continue to abuse the rules, not to continue to hold these im-portant vacancies hostage to getting anything else done because we have 30 hours of debate in which nobody de-cides to come and debate. By the way, if we want to continue to allow Senators to hold nominations in circuits that their States happen to be a part of, in the Eighth Circuit, most of the work before that court comes from Missouri more than any other State. We would be glad to have an additional judge, and there is nothing that would prevent that. The right thing to do here is to let the nomination of a well-qualified per-son come to the Senate floor and be de-bated, if there is debate to be had, and be voted on and to take one of those significant 140-plus vacancies on the Federal judiciary and fill it with a per-son who is well qualified, just like this week. In four other circuits, we intend to put three women and one man on those courts who will hopefully be able to serve long and well and will take their important philosophies to the courts with them when they go. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, thank you. As we heard my colleague from Mis-souri saying, we have a great oppor-tunity this week to confirm four out-standing individuals to the Federal cir-cuit courts. These nominees are well- qualified individuals who have dem-onstrated a strong understanding of the proper role that a judge plays in our constitutional system. I am especially pleased that we are considering three exceptionally tal-ented women for the Federal bench. Federal circuit court nominations are extremely important. Circuit courts sit directly below the Supreme Court in our judicial system. Because the Su-preme Court reviews relatively few or a smaller number of cases, many times the circuit courts have the last word in the majority of those cases, so it is es-sential that we have judges on the cir-cuit court who will treat all litigants fairly. When I think about what I want in a judge, I think fairness is the first thing that comes to mind. We want someone who treats litigants fairly, who shows respect for our Constitution, our stat-utes, and the controlling precedents. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.022 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6951 November 1, 2017 
We need somebody knowledgeable in the law. That sort of goes without say-ing but certainly is a top attribute of a judge. Every party before our Federal courts has the right to expect even-handed, fair judges and fair justice from those judges who are handling their case. Each of the four nominees being con-firmed this week have a strong record and impeccable qualifications. They re-spect the rule of law. All were given a high rating by the nonpartisan Amer-ican Bar Association. Yesterday I was very pleased to sup-port Amy Barrett’s confirmation to the Court of Appeals for the Seventh Cir-cuit. Despite obstruction by my col-leagues on the other side, I am pleased that yesterday we confirmed Ms. Bar-rett, but I still have deep concerns about some of the debate and some of the questions that were raised about her religious beliefs throughout the confirmation process. The Constitution clearly states that there can be no religious test for any Federal office. The Senate has a re-sponsibility to consider qualifications and fitness for office of individuals nominated by the President, but that does not include an evaluation of a nominee’s religious beliefs. Our Con-stitution fundamentally protects reli-gious liberty for all Americans. That principle is deeply rooted in our Na-tion’s history and allows individuals of all faiths the freedom to exercise their religious beliefs. Ms. Barrett’s credentials clearly demonstrate her ability to serve on the Federal bench, which she will be doing, and I hope future nominees are ques-tioned by this body on their record, their qualifications, and their jurispru-dence, not on their faith. Today we confirmed the nomination of Michigan Supreme Court Justice Joan Larsen for the Sixth Circuit, a su-premely qualified individual. A former clerk for Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, she served as a Deputy Assistant Attorney General and as a law professor at the University of Michigan before joining her State’s highest court, the supreme court. We are now considering the nomina-tion of Colorado Supreme Court Jus-tice Allison Eid for the Tenth Circuit. Justice Eid served as Colorado’s solic-itor general and is a law professor at the University of Colorado. She clerked for Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas and was appointed by Chief Justice John Roberts to serve as a member of the advisory committee on Federal appellate rules. Finally, we will consider the nomina-tion of Stephanos Bibas to the Third Circuit. Mr. Bibas is a law professor at the University of Pennsylvania and clerked for Justice Anthony Kennedy after earning degrees from Columbia, Oxford, and Yale. This is a supremely qualified slate of nominees, as their impressive creden-tials make clear. My colleagues who are familiar with these nominees have given praise to these nominees in ear-nest and honest discussion, which very much lends itself to my support. With-out question, their fitness for the Fed-eral bench is evident. The fact that Democrats have been holding up these qualified individuals is totally misguided. We heard from Senator B
LUNT in his remarks about the numbers. There are currently 21 circuit court vacancies and 120 district court vacancies in the Federal judici-ary. While the Senate has an important role in examining nominees to fill these vacancies, Democrats have re-quired virtually every potential judge to go through a time-consuming floor process that is simply not sustainable, even when there are no objections raised against the individuals. In fact, Democrats have used political tactics to delay virtually every one of Presi-dent Trump’s judicial nominees, con-troversial or not. Every Senator has the right to vote against a judicial nominee if they be-lieve that person to be unfit or un-qualified—we all have that right—but engaging in a de facto filibuster against virtually every judicial nomi-nee is an abuse of the rules, I believe, especially when the nominee has over-whelming bipartisan support. The American people expect the Sen-ate to confirm well-qualified nominees. They also expect us to advance a legis-lative agenda that will improve our economy and our security. By filibus-tering against qualified nominees, Democrats are keeping the Senate from tackling our important legisla-tive work. Starting with Justice Neil Gorsuch to the nominees being considered this week, President Trump has nominated mainstream judges who will serve our country for years in the judiciary. I commend the President, the chairman, Senator G
RASSLEY , and the members of the Judiciary Committee for their work in advancing these talented indi-viduals. We should confirm these judges and act promptly to fill other judicial vacancies. I thank the Presiding Officer. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, to-morrow morning the Senate will vote on the nomination of Colorado Su-preme Court Justice Allison Eid. She is going to be voted on to serve on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. She is an eminently qualified and exceptional nominee who has received widespread, bipartisan praise and support. Justice Eid has spent over a decade on the Colorado Supreme Court. Before her appointment, she served as the Col-orado State solicitor general. In that role, she represented the State before both Federal and State courts. She also served as a tenured faculty member at the University of Colorado School of Law, where she taught courses in con-stitutional law, legislation, and torts. Justice Eid practiced commercial and appellate litigation at Arnold and Por-ter. At the beginning of her legal ca-reer, Justice Eid served as a clerk for Judge Jerry Smith on the Fifth Circuit and as a law clerk for Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas. Justice Eid was raised by a single mother, whom Eid credits for her sig-nificant personal and professional achievements. She earned a scholar-ship to Stanford and graduated with distinction and is a member of Phi Beta Kappa. Justice Eid received her law degree from the University of Chi-cago, where she graduated with high honors and Order of the Coif. She has had an impressive legal career, and she has an impressive life story. In her long and celebrated tenure on the Colorado Supreme Court, Justice Eid has heard roughly 900 cases and written approximately 100 opinions. In 2008, 75 percent of Colorado voters re-tained Justice Eid to the Colorado Su-preme Court. Her nomination has also received wide, bipartisan support. As an exam-ple, Justice Eid’s former clerks, who noted that they ‘‘come from a diverse set of geographic, economic, cultural and political backgrounds,’’ wrote a letter to the Judiciary Committee sup-porting her nomination. Judges work closely with their law clerks every day. Law clerks understand a judge’s delib-erative process and approach to the law better than anyone. How did these clerks describe Justice Eid? They said: ‘‘She never fails to provide her full at-tention and dedication to each indi-vidual case, mastering the relevant facts and carefully analyzing the law, whether the text of a statute or the word of a contract.’’ Her law clerks also wrote that she goes ‘‘where the law takes her’’ and that in their decade of collective experience in over 900 cases, Justice Eid ‘‘treats each case in-dividually without any preconceived notion of desired outcome.’’ The National Native American Bar Association also endorsed Justice Eid. In their letter to the committee, they noted that she ‘‘has demonstrated deep understanding of Federal Indian law and policy matters, as well as signifi-cant respect for the tribes as govern-ments. Such qualities and experiences are rare among nominees to the federal bench.’’ They went on to note that ‘‘while we do not expect that Justice Eid will agree with tribal interests on every issue, we also believe that she is immensely well qualified and we are confident that Justice Eid is a main-stream, commonsense Westerner who will rule fairly on Indian Country mat-ters.’’ That is from the National Native American Bar Association. I think ‘‘mainstream, commonsense West-erner’’ is the perfect way to describe Justice Eid. Despite this bipartisan support and her professional achievements, all the Democratic members of the Judiciary Committee voted against her nomina-tion in committee, and I suspect most of the minority will vote against her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.024 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6952 November 1, 2017 
confirmation when it comes up. That surprised me. Justice Eid received a majority ‘‘well qualified’’ rating from the American Bar Association, an out-side group who evaluates judicial nominees. My colleagues on the other side claim that this group’s ratings weigh very heavily in their decision to support or oppose a judicial nominee. In fact, my Democratic colleagues claim that these ratings should carry a great deal of weight with Senators, and they argue that the Judiciary Com-mittee shouldn’t hold hearings on nominees who have not yet received ABA ratings. This week, we are voting on four cir-cuit court nominees—including three women—who received ‘‘well qualified’’ ratings from the ABA. The American Bar Association rated two of these in-dividuals unanimously ‘‘well quali-fied.’’ Yet the vast majority of my Democratic colleagues voted against the two nominees on whom we have al-ready voted, and I am willing to bet that the other two nominees will see similar opposition from my Demo-cratic colleagues. Why do my Democratic friends pro-fess such admiration for the American Bar Association’s evaluation process and then vote against nominees who received the American Bar Associa-tion’s ‘‘well qualified’’ rating? I would like to see them put their money where their mouth is or maybe, better yet, their vote where their mouth is. If my colleagues believe so strongly in the ABA evaluations, they should start voting for nominees who receive ‘‘well qualified’’ ratings, but I suspect they will not. When the Judiciary Committee voted on Justice Eid’s nomination, my Demo-cratic colleagues really stretched to find reasons to oppose that nomina-tion. One of the chief reasons given for opposition to her nomination centered on a quote in a Denver Post article that said Justice Eid has ‘‘earned a reputation of one of [the Colorado Su-preme Court’s] most conservative members.’’ I find that statement to be misleading. Of the seven justices on the Colorado Supreme Court, Justice Eid is one of only two justices appointed by a Republican Governor. To argue that she is somehow extreme just because she was not appointed by a Democratic Governor is very unfair. Furthermore, the Denver Post pub-lished a subsequent article that dis-agreed with this characterization. By contrast, the more recent article stat-ed that ‘‘appointment by a Republican or Democrat does not always dictate the ideology of the justice. . . . Even categorizing justices as either conserv-ative or liberal is generally an error.’’ I would agree with the Denver Post on this point. Justice Eid should not be evaluated by her ideological reputation but, rath-er, by how she approaches issues before her judiciary. That is how I have evalu-ated Justice Eid and other judicial nominees, and that is why I strongly support her confirmation today. I am very proud to support the nomi-nation of Justice Allison Eid. She is the third in a series of distinguished fe-male circuit court nominees we have had the opportunity to vote on this week. Her impressive experience and numerous accomplishments speak to her qualifications for this role. I com-mend the President for nominating these outstanding and accomplished women to our circuit courts. Justice Eid is an exceptional nominee, and her record overwhelmingly supports her nomination. As a result, I will support her confirmation tomorrow, and I urge all of my colleagues to do the same. I yield the floor and suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, this week we have been talking about some sterling nominees for our Nation’s cir-cuit courts of appeals. These are our intermediate appellate courts in the country, one step above the trial courts where cases are tried and one step below the Supreme Court of the United States. What most people don’t realize is that the Supreme Court only decides roughly 80 cases a year. In other words, there is no guarantee that if your case is tried in the trial court, it will go be-yond the circuit court of appeals. So in many instances, our circuit courts are the ‘‘supreme court,’’ or the court of last resort. These sterling nominees that the President has nominated in-clude Professor Amy Barrett, who yes-terday was confirmed to the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals by a bipar-tisan vote of 55 to 43. For some reason, our friends across the aisle have de-cided it is to their advantage to inexplicably drag out the clock against a really accomplished scholar—and to boot, a mother of seven—but, of course, to no avail. What is worse is our colleagues across the aisle have seemed to have forgotten some of their own priorities when it comes to judges. For example, the senior Senator from Minnesota has said in the past: ‘‘It is time to get women on the bench.’’ Well, we just did that yesterday, and we are going to do it again. ‘‘They should get an up-or- down vote . . . that is what women de-serve.’’ I would say that is what the President’s nominees—whether they be women or men—deserve, but, unfortu-nately, that hasn’t always been the case. There is still time, however, for our Democratic colleagues to honor their previous statements and to put more women on the circuit courts without needlessly stringing them along with unnecessary delays. Joan Larsen was the first. She was confirmed earlier today. She fulfills the desire of the senior Senator from Vermont to ‘‘confirm women prac-ticing at the pinnacle of the legal pro-fession.’’ That is certainly where Joan Larsen works. She has been a justice on the Michigan Supreme Court and was nom-inated to the Sixth Circuit, which han-dles Federal appeals from Michigan, Kentucky, Ohio, and Tennessee. Jus-tice Larsen graduated first in her class from Northwestern University’s law school. She then clerked for the pres-tigious DC Circuit Court of Appeals, right here in Washington, DC. She then went on to serve as a law clerk to Jus-tice Antonin Scalia of the U.S. Su-preme Court. Since then, she has worked in public service at the Office of Legal Counsel at the Department of Justice during the George W. Bush administration and has taught at the University of Michi-gan Law School. Both of our Democratic colleagues from Michigan have returned their blue slips, which is the piece of paper which says they are OK with the nomination going forward, signaling their ap-proval. Given her credentials, my ques-tion would be, How could they not? Ms. Larsen will make an excellent judge. She already has been, but she will make an excellent addition to the circuit court of appeals, and I am glad we have now confirmed her. Another nominee is on the way. Jus-tice Allison Eid of the Colorado Su-preme Court has been nominated to the Tenth Circuit post formerly held by Justice Neil Gorsuch, who was recently confirmed to the U.S. Supreme Court. The Tenth Circuit sits in Denver and includes Colorado, New Mexico, Kan-sas, Oklahoma, Utah, and Wyoming. As in the case of Professor Barrett and Justice Larsen, Allison Eid is ex-ceptional in every respect. She at-tended Stanford University and the University of Chicago Law School, where she was elected to the Order of the Coif and graduated with high hon-ors. She clerked for the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans and then went on to clerk for Justice Clar-ence Thomas on the U.S. Supreme Court. As with Justice Larsen, Justice Eid has received the blue slips from both of her home State Senators, which means they are willing to let this confirma-tion go forward. So I look forward to her quick confirmation. Finally, the fourth judge who will be confirmed this week is professor Stephanos Bibas, who teaches at the University of Pennsylvania Law School. He has been nominated for the Third Circuit Court of Appeals, which covers Delaware, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. Stephanos Bibas was educated at Columbia, Oxford, and Yale Law School. He, likewise, clerked for the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals and then went on to clerk for Justice An-thony Kennedy on the U.S. Supreme Court. He has worked both in private practice and as a prosecutor. Now he 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.025 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6953 November 1, 2017 
has distinguished himself as an aca-demic, teaching and publishing in the realm of criminal law and procedure. In their ringing endorsement of his nomination, a diverse group of more than 100 law professors noted Professor Bibas’s ‘‘fair-mindedness, conscien-tiousness, and personal integrity.’’ Those are the sort of qualities we should all want in a circuit court judge. We are going to confirm Stephanos Bibas and the other nominees I men-tioned, no matter how long it takes, this week. The majority leader has put our friends across the aisle on notice, and there is nothing they can do to stop those confirmation votes before we call it a week. Once again, the administration has demonstrated its skill at picking bright nominees for the right reasons. This week’s nominees will read the law faithfully. They will honestly interpret its text, and they will apply it to cases with a sense of humility no matter what their preferred outcome might be. I appreciate President Trump, Leader M
CCONNELL , and the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Senator C
HUCK GRASSLEY , for the hard work in bringing these nominees to the floor. Now let’s get them on the Federal bench. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. President, the other issue I wish to bring up in my remarks today is tax reform, because we all know that the House of Representatives will release the Ways and Means Committee’s be-ginning bill for tax reform—something we have promised for a long time and that the country is anxiously awaiting. This will be the culmination of months—if not years—of hard work, of meetings, white papers, listening ses-sions, and the like so that we can de-liver on our shared goal of a simpler, fairer tax system that boosts jobs and puts more money in the pockets of every American. Those are our goals. We know that many hard-working Americans have had a rough time in re-cent years. Sending their kids to col-lege and securing retirement seems to be harder and increasingly out of reach for some of my constituents back in Texas and people around the country. I hear about their concerns and their anxieties—economic anxieties—every time I go home. It is not acceptable that 50 percent of Americans are find-ing themselves living from paycheck to paycheck and that a third of voters are one trip to the mechanic shop away from a household financial crisis. Last week, several of my colleagues and I sat down with the President—we were members of a bipartisan group of the Senate Finance Committee—and discussed our objectives in achieving meaningful and lasting changes to our Tax Code. The President agreed that we should cut taxes for hard-working Americans and that we should nearly double the standard deduction, which reduces the number of people who will have to itemize deductions on their tax return, thus, making compliance with the Tax Code much simpler and cheap-er. We agreed that we would signifi-cantly increase the child tax credit and reduce taxes on businesses and job cre-ators. This last objective—reducing taxes on businesses and job creators—de-serves a little bit more discussion. Ireland represents an interesting point of comparison for the United States. We have the highest tax rate in the world—35 percent for businesses that do business all around the globe. Ireland has a corporate rate of 12.5 per-cent. That is 35 percent to 12.5 percent. Because of that, it has become a haven for large American companies, espe-cially in the high-tech sector. Ireland has since ended its so-called ‘‘double Irish’’ tax scheme, which al-lowed it to benefit from taxes on in-come that should have been taxed in the United States. In other words, there is some rivalry and competition when businesses do business worldwide as to where their profits will be taxed. We want to make sure that those prof-its are taxed in the United States and not in countries abroad, where we would enjoy no benefit from. This example illustrates what hap-pens when we keep our tax rate so high. Sadly, companies leave. They go elsewhere, because they know that the difference between a 35-percent tax rate and a 12.5-percent tax rate in Ire-land may be the difference between making a profit for your shareholders— whether it is the teachers retirement system or the firefighters pension fund—or ending up in the red and not making a profit at all. Savvy compa-nies will leave, and they will go else-where. They know to create new enti-ties and search the globe for better rates. It is really a matter of their competitiveness in a global economy. Of course, when they do this, it is legal. It is rational because they want the best deal they can get for their shareholders. They also want to make sure they can achieve a profit for their shareholders and not a loss, frankly, due to the differential in tax rates. When companies dodge U.S. taxes, it means we here in the United States miss out on revenue that we would oth-erwise reap. One thing is for sure. With $20 trillion in debt, we want to make sure that our Tax Code is fair and sim-ple and is competitive and will help us grow our economy in a way that will help us pay down those deficits and that debt. Now, our Democratic friends have been known to demagogue this issue a little bit, saying: Who wants to cut these corporate tax rates overseas? Corporations shouldn’t get a tax cut, even though they know what the facts are. Well, they should simply listen to people like Barack Obama. In 2011 he was speaking to a joint session of Con-gress and called on Republicans and Democrats alike to lower the U.S. cor-porate tax rate because he knew—and he was right—that this was hurting our global competitiveness in a global economy and that companies, out of sheer self-interest, were keeping the profits they had earned overseas rather than bringing them back and suffering from double taxation, meaning that workers here in the United States didn’t get the benefit of that infusion of extra cash in their paycheck, and the investment that should occur here in the United States was occurring overseas strictly because of our Tax Code. My colleague, the senior Senator from Oregon, described corporate in-versions. That is what happens when an American company shifts its legal ad-dress to a foreign country, such as Ire-land, for tax purposes. He called it a ‘‘contagion’’ that has affected the Tax Code with ‘‘the chronic diseases of loopholes and inefficiency.’’ He went on to call the Tax Code an ‘‘anti-competi-tive mess.’’ He is right. The senior Senators from Maryland and Ohio have also made similar state-ments in past years. We all realize that simplifying our Tax Code will reduce tax compliance costs, which currently run for small business owners at around $19 billion a year. Our Tax Code has simply gotten to be too complex and too convoluted for honest, law-abiding small business owners to do it on their own. So they have to hire somebody else to help them sort it out. The less money that a small business pays in tax compliance is the more they can spend on their employees or on expanding their business or on in-vesting in new equipment or simply giving their workers a pay raise. Let’s give them the relief that they need. Let’s reduce the corporate rate, as President Obama and our colleagues on the other side used to argue for. With our proposals, we can also get moving on fixing the rest of the Tax Code to let the hard-working people of Texas and American families keep more of what they earn, improve their standard of living in the process, and to make our Tax Code more competitive in a global economy so that businesses that oper-ate internationally will be incentivized to bring that money back here to the United States to make and manufac-ture products that are stamped ‘‘Made in America’’ and to improve the wages and quality of life and income of Amer-ican workers. It just strikes me as a no-brainer, and that is exactly what we are going to set out to accomplish to. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, thank you. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.026 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6954 November 1, 2017 
FREEDOM TO NEGOTIATE  
Labor unions and strong labor laws have helped build the middle class in America and protect the rights of workers for generations. In the 1970s, union participation was around 30 percent, and it was a golden era for the American middle class. Wages went up. Families had benefits and vacations. Parents could pay for college. They could put food on the table and have money left over. The vast, thriving middle class was built on the blood and sweat of labor unions and those who organized the labor unions, often at their physical peril, back in the thirties. Unfortunately, over the last few dec-ades, union membership has declined and, along with it, middle-class wages and opportunities. In the seventies, union membership was near 30 percent, but it had fallen to just 11 percent of all workers by 2014. That decline is mostly because the union movement and, concurrently, the middle class, with which it is allied, have been under attack from big corporate special in-terests and the conservative movement for the better part of the last three decades. It is well funded by a small group of very rich and, I might say, greedy people, and it is patient. Their goal is to, by any means nec-essary—Congress, the courts, what-ever—break up existing unions and pre-vent new unions from forming. They will pursue any avenue in order to dis-rupt the ability of workers to organize and collectively bargain for a fair share of the profits they create so that they can make an extra buck. These forces will do whatever it takes to keep rigging the system in their favor, like asking the Supreme Court to rule on Janus v. AFSCME, a case backed by the Koch brothers—$40 billion each, maybe more; plenty of money—but they hate giving any money to workers. And there is no record evidence of a single lower court ruling in its favor. If anyone doubts the politicization of the Supreme Court, just look at their being willing to hear this case twice, which comes with a crazy legal theory that a First Amendment basis should be used to destroy collective bar-gaining. It is merely designed to elimi-nate the freedom of people to come to-gether in unions. If the Supreme Court endorses the arguments of Janus, it will be a dark day for the American worker. Chief Justice Roberts, who said he would be fair and call balls and strikes, in my view, has lost all pretence of fairness. He wants to keep the Court nonpolitical, but he keeps pushing cases like this. Since his confirmation, under Chief Justice Roberts, the Court has methodically moved in a pro-cor-porate direction in its constantly and consistently siding with the big cor-porate interests over the interests of workers. Already, it has been the most pro-corporate Court since World War II. A decision in favor of Janus will be a shameful capstone on that already disgraceful record. I would say to all of those wealthy people who have plenty of money and to all of those corporate executives who get paid in the tens of millions, who are desperate to take money away from middle-class people whose in-comes are declining, that you are cre-ating an anger and a sourness in Amer-ica that is hurting our country in so many different ways. American workers deserve a better deal, and Democrats are going to offer it. We are calling it freedom to nego-tiate. We are offering the middle class, and those who are struggling to get there, a better deal by taking on com-panies that undermine unions and un-derpay their workers, and beginning to unwind a rigged system that threatens every worker’s freedom to negotiate with their employer. Our plan would, among other things, strengthen penalties on predatory cor-porations that violate workers’ rights; ban State right-to-work laws that un-dermine worker freedoms to join to-gether and negotiate; strengthen a worker’s right to strike for essential workplace improvements; and provide millions of public employees—State, local, and Federal—with the freedom to join a union and collectively bargain with their employers. Over the past century, labor unions have fought to stitch into the fabric of our economy a basic sense of fairness for workers. Each worker left on his or her own has no power against the big corporate interests that employ them, but together unions and workers who unite in unions can have some say. No one taught me better about the lack of fairness than a 32BJ worker I met several years ago at the JFK International Airport, who was named Shareeka Elliot. When I first met Shareeka, she was a mother of two children who was struggling to make ends meet. She was working the grave-yard shift cleaning the terminals at JFK and serving hamburgers at McDonald’s during the day. She was forced to rely on public assistance since she had gotten so little in wages from those jobs. She lived in a house with six other family members to be able to pay the rent. She was not a freeloader. She was working two jobs, but she got minimum wage and could hardly support herself. She barely saw her children and spent most of her free time in getting to this job—this poorly paid, minimum wage job. She had to take a bus for 2 hours from East New York to the JFK International Airport. She was not angry, by the way, as she was a churchgoing lady. She had faith in God to provide, but she suf-fered so. By the way, 30 years ago, if you had cleaned bathrooms at an airport, you would have been employed by the air-lines or by the terminal. But because these companies have learned to farm out the labor to subsidiaries, to fran-chises, and to other corporations that have no accountability, now cleaning those toilets is a minimum wage job. Over the last 4 years, though, I have seen Shareeka and her coworkers start to rebuild their dreams. She said to me: Senator, if I only could get min-imum wage, I might be able to take my kids out to a restaurant—I never could—or buy them toys for Christmas. I never could do that. Shareeka joined the union, and they fought for a $15 minimum wage. In some parts of the country, that may seem like a lot of money. In New York City, I can tell you that it does not go that far. Costs are higher. Shareeka was able to quit her second job and spend time with her daughters, like all parents want to do. Shareeka and her coworkers won a union contract, and now they are able to gain the tools they needed to protect themselves and do their work in a safer environment. Shareeka is a metaphor for ‘‘Amer-ican workers,’’ so many of whom have lost good-paying jobs that have gone overseas or that have been closed due to automation. When they organize in these new types of jobs, they can get the kinds of wages people used to get in the jobs that have gone away. It is pretty simple: When workers have the freedom to negotiate with their employers, they have safer work-ing conditions, better wages, and fairer overtime and leave policies. Shareeka’s story is a testament to that fact. Our better deal, the freedom to nego-tiate, will do for so many Americans what Shareeka’s union did for her in New York. It will turn things around for our country. Maybe middle-class wages will start going up, and maybe people will start having faith in the fu-ture again. We Democrats—hopefully, maybe, joined by a few courageous Re-publicans—are going to fight to get it done. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague Senator B
ROWN  for leading the effort on the floor to speak out against the latest attacks on union rights that are in front of the Supreme Court right now. I am very proud to join him to highlight the con-tributions unions have made to our middle class, to the economy, and to our country. I want to express my com-mitment to stand up against any at-tempts to undermine workers’ rights to join a union and bargain collectively. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.028 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6955 November 1, 2017 
Since day one, President Trump has broken his campaign promise, which was to put our workers first, by rolling back worker protections and putting corporations and billionaires ahead of our working families, and now we are seeing corporate special interests dou-bling down on their attempts to under-mine the rights of workers to band to-gether. So it is critical now more than ever that we are committed to pro-tecting our workers and their ability to advocate for safe working condi-tions, better wages, and a secure retire-ment. Unions helped create the middle class in this country and helped a lot of our families in the last century become fi-nancially secure. But over the last few decades, as workers’ bargaining power and union density have declined, we as a country have seen a decline in the middle class and a rise in income in-equality in this country. As we all know, too many families today are struggling to make ends meet. Mean-while, corporations’ profits are at an alltime high. I will continue to fight back against any attempts by this administration and by special interests to rig the rules against the people who go to work every day. I will keep fighting for poli-cies that will help families save just a little more in their bank account, whether it includes raising the min-imum wage or fighting for equal pay for equal work or strengthening our workers’ rights to seek out and join a union and bargain collectively. I urge all of our colleagues who want to help working families to get ahead to join me in that effort. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, I am here to speak out in favor of work-ing families and how we can empower American workers to obtain good jobs, to secure a safe retirement after a life-time of hard work, and to give them the freedom to join together to nego-tiate for better pay and safer working conditions. Unions in the United States are im-portant for our families and for our Na-tion’s economy. Organized labor is one of the greatest forces driving the mid-dle class, which is especially important for our veterans and members of the military. Union jobs help provide our servicemembers and veterans with the economic opportunities that they have earned. Union jobs help working moms and dads put food on the table, and union jobs help power the engine of our economy—our middle class. That is why I am working every day to protect the rights of working people and why I stand shoulder to shoulder with orga-nized labor. We must work together to combat the assault on the protections that workers have fought so hard to secure. It is more important than ever that we here in Washington work to expand economic opportunity for hard-working Americans, many of whom come from a union home. That means passing labor law reform to make it easier, not hard-er to join a union. That also means ex-panding the use of project labor agree-ments for major construction projects and opposing efforts to repeal pre-vailing wage laws. It also means de-fending the Davis-Bacon Act. The Fed-eral Government can and should be a model employer that encourages com-panies to pay fair wages. It is important to note the great progress that collective bargaining is making for all people. More families today have two working parents than ever before, and women’s growing role in our unions have increased to nearly half of the labor workforce. In Illinois alone, 44 percent of union workers are women. The labor movement, which had a pivotal role in creating national minimum wage, the 40-hour workweek, overtime pay, and standards for work-place health and safety, is now also im-pacting women workers and their fami-lies in a significant way. The collective voice that working Americans have is responsible for im-proving sick leave and paid family leave policies at the State and local levels. These efforts can also lead to re-ducing our Nation’s long-lasting wage gaps between gender and race. Labor unions tend to raise wages and improve benefits for all represented workers, es-pecially for women, and women of all major racial and ethnic groups experi-ence a wage advantage when they are in a union. There is still a long way to go in the wage gap fight, but unions are leading the way to make those gaps smaller. Unfortunately, organized labor is under attack. In Illinois, the anti- union surge is on the rise. Nationwide, so-called right-to-work efforts are growing. We need to be clear on one thing: These laws do absolutely noth-ing to strengthen workers’ rights, de-spite their misleading names and rhet-oric. Make no mistake, opponents of orga-nized labor are well funded and relent-less in advancing union-busting cam-paigns. We must work together and challenge these growing dangers to America’s middle class. The U.S. Supreme Court will soon de-cide a case that could determine the fu-ture of American unions. A slim major-ity of conservative Justices may hand down an anti-worker decision that would dramatically undo existing precedent and sabotage the ability of unions to effectively represent hard- working, everyday Americans. Workers should not be able to reap all the bene-fits of union negotiations while refus-ing to pay dues that made those efforts possible. Make no mistake, a decision sanctioning this practice would strip away freedom from millions of Ameri-cans. It would steal their freedom to join together to bargain for better wages, it would steal their freedom to join together to insist on worker pro-tections, and, ultimately, it would be-tray middle-class America, which re-lies on organizing to effectively nego-tiate with powerful corporations. Another way we can support our union workers is by making a serious investment in our Nation’s infrastruc-ture, which leads to more good-paying jobs and greater economic opportunity for working families. Improving our Nation’s infrastructure is really just common sense. That is why I intro-duced a bill, which was passed into law, to cut redtape and reduce delays on construction projects in Illinois and our surrounding States. Upgrading our transportation systems will help Illi-noisans and all Americans who depend on our roads and transit systems to get to work every day, as well as busi-nesses that need our airports, high-ways, and our freight network to ship their products. I am working each day to support our hard-working, middle-class families. Through organizing, unions have be-come champions for working families both in and out of the Federal Govern-ment. I thank our union representatives for all the work they do for our families, our communities, and our Nation. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Massachusetts. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, last year, powerful corporate interest groups actually stole a Supreme Court seat and handed it over to their hand-picked choice, Neil Gorsuch. Now those powerful corporate groups are about to use that seat to deal a devastating blow to hard-working teachers, fire-fighters, nurses, and police all across this country. On September 28, the Supreme Court announced that it would hear a case called Janus v. AFSCME Council 31. AFSCME 31 is a union representing public sector workers in Illinois. This case will determine whether the public sector unions that represent teachers, nurses, firefighters, and police officers in States and cities across the country can collect fees from all the employees in the workplaces they represent. Many expect that Justice Gorsuch will deliver the deciding vote in that case, that he will force unions to rep-resent employees who do not pay dues and, in doing so, cut off sustainable funding for public union organizing. Judges are supposed to be impartial, but there is no reason to expect that Justice Gorsuch will be impartial in this case. On the afternoon of Sep-tember 28—the very same day that the Supreme Court announced that it would hear the Janus case—Justice Gorsuch attended a luncheon at the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.029 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6956 November 1, 2017 
Trump International Hotel. And he didn’t just attend an event at a hotel that makes money for the President. Nope. He gave the keynote speech for a rightwing group funded by one of the Koch brothers and by the Bradley Foundation—billionaires and wealthy donors who are pumping money into the people behind the Janus case. It is no surprise that these rich guys want to break the backs of unions. After all, unions speak up, unions fight back, and unions call out billionaires who rig the system to favor themselves and to leave everyone else in the dirt. What is at stake in the Janus case is basic freedom—the freedom to build something strong and valuable, the freedom to have a real voice to speak out, the freedom to build a future that doesn’t hang by a thread at the whim of a billionaire. And just as the Su-preme Court decides to take up a deci-sion that puts the freedom of millions of working people in jeopardy, Justice Gorsuch shows up as the star attrac-tion for a billionaire-sponsored outing to celebrate an organization that is sponsoring an operation to put work-ers’ freedom on the chopping block. With this kind of brazen disregard for fairness and impartiality, it is no won-der that Gallup Polls have found that fewer than half of all Americans ap-prove of the way the Supreme Court is now handling its job. In a shameless decision to abandon even the appear-ance of neutrality, Justice Gorsuch makes it clear that he is on the attack against American unions and American workers. In the Trump administration, work-ers have been under repeated attack. Since taking office, President Trump has signed several laws sent to him by the Republican Congress, laws that di-rectly undermine the wages, benefits, health and safety of American workers. In just 10 months, they have rolled back rules designed to make sure that Federal contractors don’t cheat their workers out of hard-earned wages. They have delayed safety standards that keep workers from being exposed to lethal, carcinogenic materials. They have given shady financial advisers more time to cheat hard-working Americans out of billions of dollars in retirement savings, and the list goes on. This is a democracy, and in a democ-racy, the government in Washington is supposed to work for the people who sent us here. So why is it that the Fed-eral Government seems to be working against the interests of 150 million Americans who work for a living? Well, there is one reason—money. Money slithers through Washington like a snake. Its influence is every-where. There are obvious ways that we know about—the campaign contribu-tions from giant corporations and their armies of lawyers and lobbyists—but it is also the think tanks and the bought- and-paid-for experts who are funded by shadowy money, whose point of view seems always to help the rich and pow-erful get richer and more powerful. Powerful interests invested vast sums of money in electing President Trump, and with each of his anti-work-er actions, their investments are pay-ing off. Powerful interests also spent vast sums of money to push Federal judges who will tilt our courts even further in favor of billionaires and big businesses. They did it when they spent millions of dollars to hold open a Supreme Court seat for over a year. They did it when they spent millions more to pro-mote Neil Gorsuch to fill that seat. Now that the Court is poised to deliver a massive blow to public sector unions and workers, their investment is pay-ing off big time. The stakes here couldn’t be higher. Millions of teachers, nurses, fire-fighters, and police officers are looking to the Court for a fair hearing of the case. They are holding out hope that their freedom to come together and to stand up for themselves in the work-place, their freedom to fight for higher wages, their freedom to fight for more generous benefits, and their freedom to fight for a better future for themselves and their children will be preserved. Unless we make real change, working people are just going to get kicked again and again, and we can make change. We can make the change right here in Washington. We can stand up and fight for our democracy, and we can start by demanding that everyone in our government is accountable, in-cluding the President of the United States and the Supreme Court of the United States. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASEY. I also ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning busi-ness. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, 40 years ago, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that nonunion public workers who benefit from the work conducted by a union to negotiate contracts that they benefit from should have to pay a fee to cover costs associated with this work. If all workers benefit, it is only right that everyone contributes a fair-share fee. However, in recent years, there has been a well-funded effort by special in-terest groups backed by corporate bil-lionaires to dismantle unions and si-lence the voice of workers. There have been a number of attempts to overturn the 1977 decision in Abood v. Detroit Board of Education. Other efforts have targeted State legislatures where they have had success in many States. In other States like Pennsylvania, these efforts were blocked. Workers already have the right to de-cide whether to join a union. They have the right to decide. It is common sense that if these workers benefit from the higher wages and better work-ing conditions that result from con-tract negotiations undertaken by the union, that those workers should have to chip in for the cost of these negotia-tions. That is just fair. These negotia-tions get results and they benefit workers. They benefit workers who are in the union and benefit workers who are not in the union. The right to bargain collectively has been an integral part of raising income and growing the middle class over the course of the last century. Being able to organize and bargain collectively al-lows workers to demand higher wages and salaries and of course boost their incomes. These workers have more money to provide for their families, to increase consumption, which in turn increases both production and employ-ment. Putting more money in the hands of workers is good for workers and for the country. Over the last several decades, we have seen the balance of power across our Nation tilt more and more in favor of the wealthy and the largest cor-porate interests at the expense of working Americans. The Supreme Court has not been im-mune from this trend. Under Chief Jus-tice Roberts, the Court has become an ever more reliable ally for big corpora-tions. A major study published in the Minnesota Law Review in 2013 found that the four conservative Justices currently sitting on the Court—Jus-tices Alito, Roberts, Thomas, and Ken-nedy—are among the six most busi-ness-friendly Supreme Court Justices since 1946. So four of the six most busi-ness-friendly are serving on the Court at the same time. A review by the Constitutional Ac-countability Center—which is an ongo-ing review and is updated with every case the Supreme Court decides—shows the consequences of the Court’s cor-porate tilt, finding that the chamber of commerce has had a success rate of 70 percent in cases before the Roberts’ Court—a significant increase over pre-vious courts. These are all critical cases. These are cases of critical importance to every-day Americans. These are cases involv-ing, for example, rules for consumer contracts, challenges to regulations en-suring fair pay and labor standards, at-tempts by consumers to hold compa-nies accountable for product safety, and much more. Well-funded corporate special inter-ests do not have the best interests of working families at heart. They are pushing these efforts to reduce their bottom line by reducing the incomes of working families. That is why we are standing today to make sure that the voice of working Pennsylvanians and Americans are heard. To increase incomes and strengthen the middle class, we need to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.031 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6957 November 1, 2017 
stop the assault on workers and labor unions, whether it happens in Congress or in State legislatures or, indeed, in the U.S. Supreme Court. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, I rise today to speak in proud support of America’s workers—the men and women who build our cars and our homes, who move American-made products across oceans, lakes, and highways, who teach our children every school day, who take care of our families when they get sick, and who keep us safe in our communities. I have seen firsthand the importance of unions, both in my home State, where I grew up, and across the country. This is deeply personal for me. My fa-ther Herb was a public school teacher and an active member of the Michigan Education Association. My father-in- law Raul was a proud member—and continues to be a proud member—of the United Auto Workers. My mother Madeleine found eco-nomic opportunity as a nurse’s aide. As part of providing the best care possible to patients, she fought for a better workplace for her colleagues, and then she went on to help organize her work-place. She later served as a union stew-ard with the SEIU. My parents raised me in a middle- class, union household. They instilled in me the need, both, to stand up for rights and to never take those rights for granted. Standing together for fair wages, safer workplaces, and better hours, Michigan’s strong labor movement built the American manufacturing sec-tor and a middle class that made the United States a global economic pow-erhouse. My parents and their fellow union members embraced the union values that built Michigan: the ability to earn a good life where you grow up, hard work, fairness, and looking out for your neighbor—whether it is your neighbor on the assembly line or in your neighborhood. These are not just union values. These are American val-ues, and I learned to cherish them at a very young age. Now, I am sorry to say, these values are under attack, and I can’t help but to take it personally. This year we have seen new and un-precedented attempts to undermine our Nation’s workers and their ability to collectively bargain. Earlier this year, my Republican colleagues passed legis-lation to repeal Federal rules that sim-ply required businesses to disclose pre-vious workplace safety and fair pay violations before they could contract with the Federal Government. The rea-son for this rule was fairly straight-forward: We should not be sending tax-payer dollars to employers that can’t keep their employees safe or that cheat them out of their hard-earned dollars. Yet Republicans repealed the rule. Now, across the country, we are see-ing a wave of so-called right-to-work legislation, which in practice means you can work more hours for less pay. In Michigan we are seeing the impact of this misguided legislation. Supporters of these policies told us that wages and job growth would in-crease if Michigan just passed laws to crack down on union membership. Well, Michigan has the law, but work-ers and their families aren’t seeing any of the promised benefits. In the years since passage of the law, the economic data clearly shows that, yes, corporate profits are up but not wages. In fact, when comparing Michi-gan to States that haven’t attacked union membership, studies suggest that we have fallen behind pro-union States when it comes to worker pay. I am deeply concerned by the ongoing efforts to implement national anti- union laws, including the Janus v. AFSCME case that the U.S. Supreme Court will rule on in the very near fu-ture. A negative ruling in this case would be a huge loss for American workers and would undermine the right to collectively bargain. We should be doing everything we can to support American workers and their right to fight for better working conditions, fair pay, and the ability to care for their families. Instead of at-tacking our Nation’s labor unions, we should be celebrating them. For generations, unions have helped America build the world’s most robust middle class and a powerful economy, second to no other nation. Unions have not only helped workers to take home more pay and have a safe place to work, but they have also built commu-nities. Unions teach their members val-uable skills and help them earn a se-cure retirement and have quality healthcare. Big corporations are not trying to undermine unions because they are looking out for newly hired employees. They are fighting against unions be-cause of what unions stand for—the right to collectively bargain for better pay, increased workplace safety, hard- earned retirement benefits, and quality healthcare. I ask my colleagues to take a mo-ment to consider our history and the hard-working men and women who built this great Nation of ours. Union members are our neighbors, our fire-fighters, our police officers, our teach-ers, our nurses, our brothers and sis-ters, our moms, and our dads. They build our cars, our homes, and our in-frastructure. I urge all of my colleagues to honor these men and women by opposing any and all efforts to expand harmful poli-cies designed to undermine American workers. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I wish to thank my colleagues for joining me on the floor today to stand with American workers. We organized a group of close to a dozen Senators who have heartfelt and strong views about the dignity of work, who understand so well that workers are working harder and smart-er but earn less and less money, in spite of their hard work, in spite of their commitment. I have been joined on the floor al-ready by Senator S
CHUMER from New York, Senator M
URRAY from Wash-ington State, Senator D
UCKWORTH from Illinois, Senator W
ARREN of Massachu-setts, Senator C
ASEY from Pennsyl-vania, and Senator P
ETERS from Michi-gan, and speaking after I speak will be Senator W
HITEHOUSE of Rhode Island and Senator M
ERKLEY of Oregon and Senator D
URBIN of Illinois. I thank them for standing up for American workers. People in Ohio and around the coun-try, as I said, work harder, and they work longer than ever, but they have less and less to show for it. Over the last 40 years, GDP has gone up, cor-porate profits have gone up, executives’ salaries have gone up all because of the productivity of American workers. Again, GDP goes up, corporate profits go up, executive salaries explode up-ward. Workers are more productive, but workers have not shared in the eco-nomic growth they have created. Hard work just doesn’t pay off like it did a generation ago. It is no coincidence that over that same timeframe, we have seen attack after attack after attack on the labor movement. Corporate special interests have spent decades stripping workers of their freedom to organize for fair wages and for benefits. The case the Supreme Court just agreed to take up, Janus v. AFSCME, is yet another at-tempt to chip away at workers’ power in the workplace. These are public service workers. These are public schoolteachers, librar-ians, police officers, school nurses, fire-fighters, and postal workers. They are not looking to get rich in these jobs. They are just looking to be paid what they earn, the same as any other work-er in this country. Make no mistake, an attack on pub-lic sector unions is an attack on all unions. An attack on unions is an at-tack on all workers, whether they be-long to a union or not, and I mean all workers, whether you punch a time-clock or whether you fill out a time-sheet or swipe a badge, whether you make a salary or earn tips, whether you are on payroll, a contract worker, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.032 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6958 November 1, 2017 
a temp, working behind a desk, cutting hair, working on a factory floor, or working behind a restaurant counter. I mean all workers. The fact is, all workers across this country—as profits go up, as GDP goes up, as executive compensation goes up, as workers get more productive, all workers across this country are feeling squeezed. Work doesn’t pay off the way it used to. We have seen what happens when workers have no power in the work-place. Increasingly, corporations view American workers as a cost to be mini-mized instead of a valuable asset in which to invest. Look at the news we got last month. This piece of news, when I mention this to some of my colleagues, when I men-tion it around the State of Ohio, peo-ples’ mouths drop. The Bank of Amer-ica, Merrill Lynch downgraded the fast food restaurant Chipotle because the company pays its workers too much. Remember what happened with American Airlines a few months ago. American Airlines announced it was doing a companywide pay increase, and the stock market punished them by knocking their stock down. Imagine that. So when a company wants to do the right thing, Wall Street says: No, you are not going to do the right thing. Wall Street is saying: We want all the money. Don’t give any of this money to workers—workers making $10 or $12 or $15 an hour. Think about that. Wall Street and Merrill Lynch didn’t say they paid their workers too little, they paid their workers too much. That is why the labor movement matters. Pope Francis spoke about how unions perform ‘‘an essential role for the com-mon good.’’ He said that the labor movement ‘‘gives voice to those who have none . . . unmasks the powerful who trample on the rights of the most vulnerable workers, defends the cause of the foreigner, the least, the dis-carded.’’ I just had the pleasure, for the last few minutes in my office, to speak with Bishop Murry of Youngstown, OH, and we were talking about the Pope and about steelworkers in Youngstown and about the struggles of workers and wages and layoffs and all the things that have happened to—where the winds of globalization have buffeted the workers in that community. Bishop Murry, as does Pope Francis, under-stands what too many in this town don’t; that workers feel invisible, en-tire communities feel invisible. They feel like they are getting used and abused and some other words I can’t say on the Senate floor. What, exactly, is the point of cre-ating economic growth if workers don’t share in it, if ordinary families still can’t get ahead? Everybody here loves to talk about tax reform and bring the corporate rate down, but nobody is talking about pay-ing workers more or giving workers more job security or what we should be doing—in working with companies and creating good jobs. My legislation, the Patriot Corpora-tion Act, says if corporations do the right thing—if they pay their workers well, if they pay benefits, if they do the kinds of things American corporations should do—then they get a lower tax rate because they have earned it. We seem to have forgotten that all work has dignity. We have forgotten, as the Pope said, that ‘‘the person thrives in work. Labour is the most common form of cooperation that hu-manity has generated in its history.’’ Think about that. ‘‘Labour is the most common form of cooperation that hu-manity has generated in its history.’’ What Washington and Wall Street don’t seem to understand is that work-ers drive our economy, not corpora-tions. You focus on the middle class, you grow the economy from the middle out, not cut taxes on the richest people and expect the money to trickle down into more money in workers’ pockets and more people are hired. You grow the economy by treating workers well, by investing in workers. That is why we need unions to ensure that we spread economic growth to the people creating it, to the people working too many hours for too little pay. I think about workers like Stephanie in Columbus. She has worked for 25 years as a childcare attendant for stu-dents with special needs. She wrote, saying: ‘‘Every day I wake up before the sun rises to prepare for three daily shifts aiding students with special needs on their way to and from school.’’ That is the person whom—because she belongs to a union, that is the per-son whom corporate America, that the rightwing of the Republican Party wants to attack? That is the kind of person—Stephanie in Columbus—they want to attack? She worries that cases like this that undermine her union ‘‘could severely limit our voice on the job and hurt our ability to best serve the children we care so much about.’’ She said: ‘‘Unions provide a pathway to the mid-dle class for all people.’’ Think about a janitor I met in Cin-cinnati. I was speaking at a dinner. There was a table down front with seven middle-age women—a pretty di-verse group. There was one empty seat at the table. It was told to me by some others that this group of women were janitors, custodians in downtown Cin-cinnati, southwest Ohio, and these women had signed their first union contract with downtown Cincinnati business owners. So there were 1,200 janitors working in these downtown businesses—in these big buildings downtown—and they had signed their first union contract. I asked if I could sit at their table, and they said yes. I said to the woman next to me: What is it like to have a union? She said: I am 51 years old, and this is the first time I will have a 1-week paid vacation in my life. Think about that. We don’t think—I am guessing that most of my col-leagues think: Well, you know, people have paid vacations and people have paid sick leave. Well, much of the country doesn’t, No. 1; and No. 2, those who do often have that because they had a strong union—a union that nego-tiated sick leave pay for them, a union that negotiated vacation days for them, a union that negotiated family leave for them, and then, when those workers at a company get it, the other nonunionized workers and companies get it, and then those companies com-pete with other companies. So the fact is—there is a bumper sticker that says: ‘‘If you enjoy your weekend, thank a labor union.’’ Labor unions brought to this country things like weekends and more leisure time and decent pay and all that. That is why unions matter. That is why this decision in the Supreme Court matters. If the Supreme Court rules against AFSCME, it will starve the union for resources they use to organize and grow and advocate for more workers. At the risk of being disrespectful, it would be nice if those nine members of the Supreme Court would follow the admonishment of Pope Francis, the words of Pope Francis, who admon-ished his parish priests to go out and smell like the flock. Find out where people live and work. Find out what people do. Find out the living conditions of peo-ple. Abraham Lincoln in the White House one day was talking to his staff. His staff said: You have to stay here in the White House. You have to win the war. You have to free the slaves. You have to preserve the Union. Lincoln said: No, I have to go out and get my public opinion baths. It could be important if the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court—who has an Ivy league education, went to the best colleges and the best law schools, grew up in a wealthy family, has done very well as a professional, and is a very smart man—if he would go out and smell like the flock, if he would go out and get his public opinion bath, maybe he would hear some stories, as I have heard in my time in the Senate. He would hear stories from people who talk about how important it is that Stephanie has union protection. He probably has never really thought much about the fact that janitors, who have worked 30 years as janitors—35 years for some of those women—but never had a paid day off, never had a paid vacation. He might learn some-thing from them and think a little dif-ferently about this. If the Supreme Court rules against AFSCME, it is the opposite of what we need. We should be making it easier, not harder, for workers to come to-gether and negotiate. That is why, this week, I am introducing legislation to strengthen the National Labor Rela-tions Act, to make it harder for em-ployers to deny workers the freedom to collectively bargain by playing games with their job titles and classifications. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.034 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6959 November 1, 2017 
Instead of stacking the deck even fur-ther in favor of corporate CEOs, we need to make it easier for workers to organize. That is how we make hard work pay off. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WHITEHOUSE. Mr. President, the Janus decision coming up in the U.S. Supreme Court, which Senator B
ROWN has just spoken about, is one that merits the attention of people who are concerned about the country and the Court. I wish to make two points in my re-marks. The first has to do with the very difficult to explain—or at least very difficult to comfortably explain— pattern of 5-to-4 decisions of the U.S. Supreme Court, in which the five con-sist entirely of Republican appointees. The Supreme Court makes a lot of decisions, of course. But there is some-thing that is particularly interesting about the 5-to-4 decisions, where the five Republican appointees line up and roll the other appointees. When we start looking at those decisions, there are some really significant patterns that emerge. The first pattern goes to issues in which the court is treading into the world of politics. Bear in mind that when Sandra Day O’Connor left the Court, it lost its only member who had ever run for office. What Justice O’Connor left behind was the first Court in the history of the United States that had exactly zero ex-perience with elections and politics. There has never been as ignorant and green a Court in the history of the United States when it comes to poli-tics; yet there has rarely been a Court so flagrantly eager to jump into poli-tics and make very consequential deci-sions. When we look at the 5-to-4 deci-sions—which I think are probably the bulk of those—each one aligns with the political interests of the Republican Party—each one. It is not one or two or even three. It goes on and on and on. The oldest one in the series is prob-ably Vieth v. Jubelirer, which was the decision in which the five Republicans said: This whole gerrymandering thing is just too difficult for us. We are going to declare open season. There is going to be no judicial remedy. We can’t fig-ure out one, so we don’t have one. It is not just me who is saying that. The ABA section on election law said in its volume: Look, basically, it is game over for court review of gerry-mandering. What immediately hap-pened after that was the Republican Party went to work with that green- light signal and did the REDMAP project, which created massive, bulk gerrymandering through the battle-ground States. This was not an easy plan because, in some cases, they had to spend millions of dollars to win one or two State legislative seats, so they could then control the State legisla-ture, so they could then change the dis-tricts consistent with the bulk gerry-mandering scheme. The result is what happened in States like Senator BROWN ’s, where, when he was reelected, he was on the ballot with President Obama, who was also reelected, and the majority of the votes cast in his State for Members of Congress were cast for Democrats, but against that background, many more Republicans than Democrats actually went to Congress in that election. A similar thing happened in Pennsyl-vania. My recollection is that on the same set of facts, Senator C
ASEY , a Democrat, was reelected; President Obama, a Democrat, was reelected; a majority of Pennsylvania votes were cast for Democratic Members of Con-gress; the delegation was 13 Repub-licans and 5 Democrats. Somebody is messing around, and it was a 5-to-4 Re-publican Supreme Court that opened that can of worms and unleashed REDMAP on the political landscape. They have a chance to review that now. Senator M
CCAINhas written a bi-partisan brief asking them to wake up and smell the coffee about what has gone wrong here. We will see if they do or not, but, clearly, that was a decision that benefited the Republican Party’s polls, and, clearly, it was 5 to 4. Then you go to the Voting Rights Act cases. There were two of them. In the first one, Bartlett v. Strickland, the five Republican members teed up a new standard, which they mentioned, but they didn’t really act on it. Then, when it came to the home run pitch, Shelby County v. Holder, they created this new theory about which very con-servative judges, like Posner, said that, basically, it stands on thin air. It has no basis whatsoever in any real legal theory. They knocked out the part of the Voting Rights Act that requires States with a wretched history of abuse of minorities and Democratic voters at the polls to get preclearance from the Department of Justice or from a court before they can change their State laws to scare people or keep people away from the polls. With that knocked out, guess what. All these legislatures across the South went straight to work. They passed law after law after law to deny people ac-cess to the polls, and over and over again, the courts that reviewed those and the appellate courts that reviewed the district court decisions found that the laws had been intentionally dis-criminatory, that the legislature had intended to keep people away from the polls, that they had intended to dis-criminate against Democrat and mi-nority voters, and that they had chosen to do that deliberately. Of course, you can go back after all that litigation and clean it up and try to get the laws stricken and all of that. But in the meantime, you have had election after election in which the ef-fect at the polls was had. They couldn’t have been more wrong about the notion that if you lifted the preclearance requirement, everybody was going to be fine. Those were just the bad old days; it was a whole new America; racism didn’t exist; efforts by one party to keep the other parties away from the polls weren’t anything to worry about. Move along, move along; nothing to see here, folks. They were just plain dead wrong. They had absolutely no clue, and they have been proven dead wrong since. But, again, both of those cases were 5 to 4, all Re-publicans together. Then, of course, the big whammy came when the big special interests that so often are the core backers of the Republican Party decided that they felt really constrained by having to live under campaign finance limits. They wanted to be able to spend unlim-ited money in elections. Well, that is fine. It reminds me a little bit of the story of the French philosopher who touted the majesty and equality of the French law, which forbid both rich and poor alike from sleeping under bridges and begging for bread. Well, guess who actually sleeps under bridges and begs for bread. It is not rich and poor. And guess who can take advantage of a rule that you can spend unlimited money in politics. Only those who meet two con-ditions: One, they have unlimited money to spend, and, two, they have a good reason to spend it. In other words, really big special interests. The Court’s decision, presuming that this spending was going to be either independent or transparent, has been turned into a mockery by events since. They obviously did not know what they were talking about. Facts have borne out that they did not know what they were talking about. They were com-pletely dead wrong. Interestingly, since then, despite the presumption of their decision having been cut completely out from under-neath it, the Court has shown no inter-est in a correction. They have shown no interest in correcting their error. They seem completely happy, the 5 to 4—the five Republican appointees— completely happy to have the land-scape of American politics polluted with this money. There again, it wasn’t just one deci-sion. It was a bunch of them. Citizens United was the big one; Tradition Part-nership, Inc. v. Bullock another; McCutcheon v. FEC yet another; Davis v. FEC yet another; Arizona Free En-terprise Club’s FreedomClub PAC v. Bennett yet another—all 5 to 4, all the Republicans lining up, all throwing out precedent or laws that had stood for 100 years. So Janus fits right into this pattern of 5-to-4 decisions. Indeed, it is actu-ally a little bit worse because some-thing weird happened early on when one of those 5 to 4—the Republican five Justices on the Supreme Court—sig-naled to the corporate supporters of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.037 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6960 November 1, 2017 
this ideology that he was interested in taking a whack at unions in a par-ticular way. There is a pet peeve of the union- busting rightwing and the corporate sector, which was a decision from 1977 called Abood v. Detroit Board of Edu-cation. That decision allows unions to collect some dues from nonmembers on the grounds that their work for their members has benefit to other members. So you break out their wages work, which helps everybody, from their po-litical work, which you can disaggregate from, and it allows you to collect certain dues—not complete dues, but certain dues—from nonunion members. What Abood did was to help unions keep revenues from the service that they give to nonmembers who benefit from their work. Without that rule, employees would be encouraged to be free riders and just get the benefit of what the union is doing without mak-ing any contribution to support it whatsoever. Of course, if that were to happen, the balance of power between corporations and unions would shift further toward corporations. The story is told quite well in the New York Times by a reporter named Adam Liptak, who is a Supreme Court reporter. I will read his story. 
In making a minor adjustment to how pub-lic unions must issue notifications about their political spending, Justice Alito di-gressed to raise questions about the con-stitutionality of requiring workers who are not members of public unions to pay fees for the unions’ work on their behalf. . . . Justice Sonia Sotomayor saw what was going on. ‘‘To cast serious doubt on longstanding prec-edence,’’ she wrote in a concurrence, ‘‘is a step we historically take only with the greatest caution and reticence. To do so, as the majority does, on our own invitation and without adversarial presentation is both un-fair and unwise.’’ Michael A. Carvin, a leading conservative lawyer, also saw what was going on. He and the Center for Individual Rights, a liber-tarian group, promptly filed the challenge Justice Alito had sketched out. 
I would say that he had invited. 
Indeed, Mr. Carvin asked the lower courts to rule against his clients, a Christian edu-cation group and 10 California teachers, so they could high-tail it to the Supreme Court. 
Let me interrupt my reading of the story for a second and make the point that this lawyer wanted to lose his case in the lower courts. It is rare for lawyers to go into a court wanting to lose. You have to have kind of a weird motive to take a case into court that you want to lose. The obvious motive here is that Mr. Carvin had heard the signal from Justice Alito that he was willing to rule his way if he would just bring the right case. So it didn’t mat-ter whether he won or lost. Losing is actually quicker. It gets you right up to the Supreme Court. He is not inter-ested in litigating the matter truly on the merits; he is only interested in get-ting as quickly as possible to the Su-preme Court. Why? Because he knew that 5 to 4, he would get the right deci-sion. When you are a lawyer, the most sickening feeling you can have is to go into court with the belief that the judges you are going to argue before are prejudged against you. The con-fidence that Carvin must have had to want to lose a case deliberately below so that he could hightail it at high speed up to a court that he knew was going to rule his way because they told him they would—that is not American justice in the way it should be deliv-ered. As it turned out, they took up the case. It was called Friedrichs. It was going to be 5 to 4, just as expected, and then Justice Scalia unexpectedly passed away. If you read about how the press took that, it was very clear that the fix had been in on this case. ‘‘Corporate America had high hopes,’’ the Journal said, because ‘‘the Supreme Court appeared poised to deliver long-sought con-servative victories.’’ 
Since when should a court be poised to deliver long-sought conservative victories, not fair, dispassionate adju-dication? But that is the reporting of the friendly Wall Street Journal. And those long-sought conservative vic-tories were going to take the form of ‘‘‘body blow[s] that business had sought against consumer and worker plaintiffs.’ The cases ‘had been care-fully developed by activists to cap-italize on the court’s rightward tilt.’’’ Come on. This is not adjudication any longer; it is just the exercise of po-litical power. And these 5-to-4 partisan decisions by the Supreme Court are de-grading the reputation of the Supreme Court, they are degrading the integrity of the Supreme Court, and they are de-grading the role of the judiciary in our vaunted scheme of constitutional gov-ernment in the United States of Amer-ica. With that, I yield to my distin-guished colleague from Oregon. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, our Nation was founded on a powerful prin-ciple encapsulated by the first three words of our Constitution: ‘‘We the People.’’ We are meant to be a nation, in the words of Abraham Lincoln, ‘‘of the people, by the people, and for the people,’’ not a nation by and for the most powerful, not a nation by and for the most privileged. Yet time and time again, we are seeing a complete and total corruption of the vision of our Constitution. We saw this earlier this year with one TrumpCare bill after another de-signed to rip healthcare away from 20 to 30 million Americans to deliver tax giveaways to the richest in America. We have seen it just recently in the consideration of a budget that reversed that and said that in order to give $4.5 trillion of tax giveaways almost en-tirely to the richest Americans, we will take $1 trillion out of Medicaid and half a trillion out of Medicare. We have seen this powerful conversion of stand-ing our Constitution on its head, and now we have the Supreme Court fully participating in this effort in a case called Janus v. AFSCME. It is the very epitome of the principle of a nation so corrupted that it honors the opposite of what our Constitution stands for. The sole purpose of this case, Janus v. AFSCME, is to undercut the ability of workers to organize. This is an as-sault on the freedom of working Ameri-cans to associate with their coworkers. It is an assault on the freedom of work-ing Americans to negotiate a fair wage. It is an assault on the freedom of Americans to fight for fairer benefits and a safe workplace. Bottom line: It is an assault on the freedom of workers to participate in the wealth they work so hard to create. In short, this is the right to exploit that our Supreme Court—majority of five—is so determined to elevate. I have read the Constitution, and I have never seen embedded in it a right to ex-ploit, a right to cheat, a right to take advantage of. Yet here is the majority of the Court prepared to fight for ex-ploitation on behalf of the 1 percent of Americans at the very top. The key strategy in this case is to at-tack the finances of workers when they organize. Former President Jimmy Carter once said: ‘‘Every advance in this half-century—Social Security, civil rights, Medicare, aid to education, one after another—came with the sup-port and leadership of American labor.’’ It has been workers banding to-gether to say: We can create a better foundation for families to thrive. And that hasn’t just created a better foun-dation for those who belong to unions; it has created a better foundation for all workers. We saw them successfully band together and fight for a 40-hour workweek, fight for minimum wage, fight for sick leave, and fight for healthy and safe working conditions— again, benefits that every worker en-joys because workers were able to orga-nize and fight to receive and win these provisions. What is really going in the Janus case? Any organization, in order to function, has rights and responsibil-ities. Rights are the rewards you get for participating, and responsibilities are the requirement that you be part of the team and you contribute to the ef-fort. When I was small, probably just 2 or 3 years old, my mother had a book she would read to me that involved the ani-mals in the barnyard. Animal after ani-mal was asked to participate in mak-ing the bread, and animal after animal turned it down, but when the bread was baked, they wanted a full share even though they had refused to participate in the effort to create it. This is what Janus is all about. It is about the right to the rewards, divided from any re-sponsibility to get the work done. When workers organize, they say: We are going to have to be able to have the finances to drive this organization, and to do that, we need to have every work-er contribute a fair share. Those fair share fees mean that all the workers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.038 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6961 November 1, 2017 
are in it together, they are all contrib-uting, and they all benefit from the re-wards. Forever, the courts have said: Yes, with the reward goes the responsi-bility. That is true of any organization. It is fundamental in how organizations work. If you don’t show up here on the floor, you don’t get to vote. Every or-ganization has its responsibilities that go with its rewards. But the 1 percent have chosen a strategy that says: We will take one organization in Amer-ica—and that is workers organiza-tions—and we will drive an absolute wedge between the responsibility and the reward. These fees that we are talking about, these fair share fees, are not fees that go to political purposes. They don’t go to donations to candidates. They don’t go to organizing campaigns walking door-to-door for candidates. They don’t go to advertising on the television or the web. They are simply the cost of having a team that works to negotiate an agreement with a company. I find it absolutely evil that a major-ity of the Supreme Court is excited about embracing this right to exploit other workers by saying in this one case in America, you get the rewards without the responsibilities. If the Court was applying that to a stock-holder in a company, the equivalent would be to say that the stockholder doesn’t have to contribute to the costs of the management of the corporation, so they can demand back their share of what the management spends on their salaries, on their office spaces, on their private jets, and on their trips to do whatever they do, of the time they spend negotiating acquisitions to build the size of the company or striking deals to sell their products. That would be the equivalent, that a stockholder gets the rewards of all of that negotia-tion without having to participate in the cost. But this is not a situation in which five Justices want to apply con-sistent principle because their goal isn’t to honor the Constitution, and their goal is not fairness; their single goal is to demolish the ability of work-ers to organize, to get a fair share of the wealth they work to create. We can see that already our Nation is in trouble on this principle. For the three decades after World War II, we had workers who had the strong ability to organize and demand a fair share, and we saw a revolution in the pros-perity of workers in those three dec-ades from 1945 through 1975. Individuals who had lived in shacks, individuals who had been wiped out by the Great Depression suddenly were able to buy, on a single worker’s income—it didn’t even take two incomes—a three-bed-room ranch house with a basement and a single-car garage and were still able to save money for an annual camping trip and perhaps to save some to help their children launch themselves into life. That is what we had when workers got a fair share. Yet, in the midseventies, the multi-national companies said: Do you know what? Let’s undercut the American worker by making our goods overseas in China and importing them. That way, we will demolish the jobs here in America, and we, the company, will have made things at the lowest price in the world, have sold them at the world market price, and have made a lot more money. This strategy worked for the multinational companies. They made vast sums of money for their stockholders and for their executives. This application of different rules for foreign workers and domestic workers really gave a huge advantage to our competitor overseas and to a company that spanned both shores and could move its production overseas. So we saw the loss of 50,000 factories; we saw the loss of 5 million factory jobs; we saw the loss of an enormous number of supply chain jobs; and we saw, without those payrolls being spent in the com-munity, an enormous loss of retail jobs in the community, but it made the wealthy wealthier, and that was the goal of the strategy. So here we are, facing this case that will come before the Court later this year, but the members of the Court have, essentially, already declared their positions. Four members of the Court were on the previous version of this when the Court tied 4 to 4, and Neil Gorsuch, who was added to the Court, has been very clear on which side of this he stands. Should we put an asterisk by Neil Gorsuch’s name? Should a 5-to-4 deci-sion, with Gorsuch being in the major-ity, even carry weight here in our soci-ety? This is the seat that for the first time in U.S. history was stolen from one President and delivered to another. The majority of this body right here stole the seat, undermining the integ-rity, dishonoring the oath, the respon-sibility for advice and consent, and damaging the legitimacy of the Su-preme Court. It was done because it was a strategy to enable the 1 percent to rip off ordinary working Americans. The prize for that was a position on Citizens United that now allows the wealthiest Americans to continue to fund campaigns across this country to drown out the voices of ordinary people and a position on this case, the Janus case, that says that we will take one organization in America, that of the workers, and divide the rewards from the rights. We know who is behind this strategy. It is the Koch brothers through their organizations, the National Right to Work Foundation and the Liberty Jus-tice Center. They were behind the strategy for the theft of the Supreme Court seat. They were behind the mas-sive increase in third-party spending that polluted the campaigns across this country. They are behind this strategy to destroy the vision that is embedded in our Constitution. Eleanor Roosevelt once said: I am op-posed to this legislation because it gives employers the right to exploit. Eleanor Roosevelt was a real champion for workers, and she called a spade a spade. The right to exploit is not a right that any Member of this body should pursue, and it certainly should not be pursued by the Supreme Court. We know that there is a chapter 2 to this strategy. The first is to get the Supreme Court so that you can divide the rights from the responsibilities; therefore, you as a worker do not have to contribute to the cost, but you will benefit from the rewards. Pretty soon, very few people will be contributing; therefore, it will undermine the finan-cial ability of the union to negotiate. Then they have a second strategy. This fundraising letter was sent out last year by the State Policy Network. By the way, the State Policy Network is an alliance of 66 State-based think tanks that are designed and funded by the Koch brothers and their friends to undercut the ability of workers to get a fair share of the wealth that they create. They said: Here is our plan to defund and defang our opponent, the unions—to deal a blow to the left’s ability to control government. Ah, they are fancy words, but what they really meant was our goal is to take and undo the ability of workers to organize so as to get a fair share of the wealth they create. It is one evil act after another that is funded by the Koch cartel. In our Nation, we have stood up to this type of abuse time and again. The American historian who created the phrase the ‘‘American dream’’ said, in each generation, there is a group of Americans who rises up to take on the forces that appear to be overwhelming us. We need to call on the people of the United States who believe in the vision of our Constitution, to be that group to rise up and take on this effort to turn our Constitution on its head—to strip ‘‘we the people’’ out of our Constitu-tion and replace it with ‘‘we the power-ful’’—and to stand up against this type of right to exploit, whether it is a bill here on the floor of the U.S. Senate or it is a begotten majority of the Su-preme Court. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I am not the first guy to stand up here and make this observation, but I have serious concerns with how the nominee con-firmation process has been going in this Congress. There is a blatant lack of respect for the Senate nomination process and an unprecedented level of obstructionism. I have been here for a number of years, so I know what to compare it with. I have never seen so many people being delayed in their confirmations, know-ing that they are, ultimately, going to be confirmed and that they are well- qualified civil servants. The Democrats are forcing cloture votes on nominees who have well over 60 votes in support. Last week, we held a cloture vote on Scott Palk. Scott Palk is from Oklahoma. He is a guy who everybody likes. He doesn’t have 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.049 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6962 November 1, 2017 
any enemies out there. In fact, he was actually nominated by President Obama. He was not even nominated by this President. He ended up getting 79 votes. Still, the stall was there, and we had to wait and wait and wait. Mean-while, things are not getting done that should be getting done. Furthermore, the agency positions that we have hardly ever held rollcall votes on are being forced to occupy floor time. There is no reason for these votes ex-cept to delay the work of the courts and our agencies. I am very supportive of the leader’s commitment to our courts and how he has prioritized judicial nominees. These nominations are extremely im-portant and will ensure that the rule of law is upheld for, possibly, decades to come, benefiting all Americans. 
ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  
However, there is an Agency that is doing work that is also important to all Americans and needs appointments, and that Agency is the Environmental Protection Agency. If there has been one Agency over the last 8 years that has run around and expanded its au-thority beyond congressional intent, it is the EPA. Putting confirmed ap-pointees in place at the EPA will allow the President and Scott Pruitt to be successful in their efforts to rightsize that Agency. He has talked about that quite a bit. It is a bloated Agency that needs to be rightsized, and he needs help to do that. Last week, I highlighted the great things that Scott Pruitt is doing as Ad-ministrator. I was able to visit with him yesterday at the EPA and witness firsthand the implementation of new policies that will bring about positive changes in an Agency that has run roughshod over the American people. With the repeal of WOTUS and the Clean Power Plan, with the implemen-tation of TSCA, in reforming the Agen-cy by ending sue-and-settle processes, and by creating greater transparency on the EPA’s Science Advisory Com-mittee, he is really doing a great job. By the way, yesterday, we had this event over there which had to do with the scientists. There are three Sci-entific Advisory Boards in the EPA. These are supposed to be made up of scientists who advise the policymakers as to what they are supposed to be doing. During the last administration, we discovered in just one of these that six out of seven of the appointees were actually recipients of grants from the EPA. In fact, I was over there, and I gave a little talk about those six. They actually received $119 million, and they are supposed to be unbiased in making policy. Obviously, this is one of the many things that he is going to make sure will no longer exist. He is making it impossible for any-one who serves on a scientific advisory board to receive any grants from the EPA. How reasonable is that? Yet that is still a practice they use and one of the many things he is cleaning up there. There is a lot of work still to do. The Agency needs its Assistant Administra-tors, who will work to implement many of the initiatives I have worked toward for years. The Environment and Public Works Committee has now voted out five Assistant Administra-tors and General Counsel nominees, and I hope we can move swiftly to get these well qualified nominees over to the EPA to bring their expertise to an Agency that desperately needs them. Unfortunately, Democrats have tar-geted two of these nominees and have disparaged them, their work, and their backgrounds. NOMINATION OF DR . MICHAEL DOURSON  
Dr. Michael Dourson will be an excel-lent Assistant Administrator for the Office of Chemical Safety and Pollu-tion Prevention and will bring much needed expertise and experience to the office in charge of the TSCA reauthor-ization law. The TSCA bill was a huge success last year. It was done on a bi-partisan basis. It is the first major re-form bill in 40 years, and we were able to get that through. Yet we need to have a person as the Assistant Admin-istrator to make sure it is done right. Dr. Dourson has endured a coordi-nated campaign against him that mis-represents who he is and his record. There are groups working to paint Dr. Dourson as an ‘‘industry scientist.’’ What you will not hear from these groups is that much of his career expe-rience comes from the EPA itself, where he worked for 15 years. During his years at the EPA, Dr. Dourson helped establish the Integrated Risk Information System, which helps iden-tify and document the potential dan-gers of chemicals found in the environ-ment. He also has the honor of having received four bronze medals from the EPA for this commendable work. Dr. Dourson also served on EPA’s Sci-entific Advisory Board for 6 years and has held leadership roles with a num-ber of relevant toxicology organiza-tions, receiving several awards from his peers. Since his time at EPA, Dr. Dourson has devoted his career to protecting public health by founding his own non-profit that works to develop, review, and share risk assessments on various chemicals. His nonprofit work is most-ly on behalf of government, with a mi-nority of the work done at the request of various industries—many of these industries are very pro-environmental industries—as well as providing pro bono assistance to those in need of help. In other words, he used his exper-tise to help people who needed help and were not able to get it in any other way. Naturally, the industry work is the part that environmental activists have focused on to prove their claims that his research is a rubberstamp for dan-gerous chemicals. They hold the per-spective—which is a myth—that work-ing at the request of industry must mean that you are evil. As always, the reality is much dif-ferent. On many occasions the non-profit has developed risk assessments that did not support the industry spon-sor and were the same or lower than the safe levels set by government. Fur-thermore, he has provided expert testi-mony against industry on several occa-sions. Unfortunately, the coordinated attack on Dr. Dourson will persist and a good man’s reputation will continue to be put at risk. I ask that the leader find floor time for Dr. Dourson as soon as possible so he can get back to work at an agency that he served commendably for many years and ensure that those who seek to tear him down do not win. NOMINATION OF BILL WEHRUM  
I also ask that the leader prioritize another nominee that has also faced unfair and false attacks. I have known Bill Wehrum for years, and I have no doubt that he is the best choice to head the Office of Air and Radiation. I re-gret that his first nomination to the EPA back during the George W. Bush administration was blocked by Senate Democrats. It is my hope that we can correct that wrong and confirm him as one of the Assistant Administrators. He has served the public and is widely recognized for his knowledge of the Clean Air Act. The Clean Air Act has been very suc-cessful. In fact, I was one of the origi-nal cosponsors of the Clean Air Act Amendments. It has performed very well. He was very much involved in that also. So there is no one more qualified to head that Office of Air and Radiation than Mr. Wehrum, and I am sure of that. He has been consistently recognized as a leader and top lawyer in environmental law by such groups and publications as Chambers USA, the Legal 500 United States, and Washing-tonian magazine. He, too, has worked at the EPA in the past and will once again serve the Agency and the American people with integrity. Mr. Wehrum is also under at-tack for working on behalf of industry. The environmental industry—and it is an industry, as they, too, are working to secure money for themselves by pur-suing an agenda of their sponsors—is lobbying against Mr. Wehrum because he wants to make regulations workable within the scope of the statute for the regulated community. This is very curious to me because we want environmental regulations to im-prove our air quality without putting entire industries out of business—a bal-ance that is a part of the Clean Air Act. Those words are used in the Clean Air Act: The rules need to be workable and implementable without undue harm to our economy. It is time that we returned some common sense and rule of law to the Environmental Protection Agency. We have taken the first and only step with the confirmation of Scott Pruitt, and Bill Wehrum is the next step toward that goal. Right now there has only been one confirmation, and that is for Scott Pruitt. With the repeal of the Clean Power Plan sitting before the EPA, I ask that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.051 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6963 November 1, 2017 
the leader prioritize Mr. Wehrum’s con-firmation vote so that we can give the Office of Air and Radiation the leader-ship it needs to make the important policy objectives of the President and a majority of our colleagues and States a reality. Again, we have five EPA nominees that have been voted out of committee, and we are now into November and only have one EPA appointee con-firmed. We need to do better than that, and I think this is going to happen. Let me just repeat some of the things that are going on in the Environmental Protection Agency. Scott Pruitt in his meeting yesterday called this to the attention of the American people. We knew it all the time, but people on the outside didn’t know it and they were shocked. They found out that in the Scientific Advisory Board of the Obama administration, six of the seven on the board were direct recipients of grants from the EPA and they were making policy decisions for the EPA. Now, how bad is that? In fact, we added it up. I would state to the Chair that it came to $119 million going to six people who are on the board making decisions that affected the grants to go out. That is the type of thing that he is cleaning up. He has the guts to do it, and he is doing it. I am anxious to get these two con-firmed, and I am hopeful that will take place. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, that at 11:30 a.m. on Thursday, November 2, there be 30 minutes of postcloture time remaining on the Eid nomination, equally divided between the leaders or their designees; that following the use or yielding back of that time, the Senate vote on the confirmation of the Eid nomination; that if confirmed, the motion to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to legislative session for a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Iowa. REGULATORY REFORM Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, last month the Environmental Protection Agency—EPA—Administrator, Scott Pruitt, issued a directive to all Agency employees that prohibits the so-called sue-and-settle process. This is good news for good government. Most of us here are familiar with the term ‘‘sue and settle.’’ These are tactics whereby the EPA has, in the past, resolved certain law-suits against it through agreements ne-gotiated behind closed doors with po-litically favored interest groups. As we saw under the Obama administration, some of these agreements committed the EPA to take far-reaching regu-latory action, all without an adequate opportunity for those people most im-pacted to have a seat at the table, as would normally be done through the regulatory process. Today, I come to the floor to applaud Administrator Pruitt’s leadership in working to end these tactics, which make a mockery of laws that Congress has put in place to ensure a trans-parent and accountable regulatory process. The commonsense reforms outlined in Administrator Pruitt’s di-rective will, no doubt, help restore transparency and accountability, and these reforms should stand as a prime example for all Federal agencies to fol-low. Accordingly, I call upon President Trump to use his full authority through Executive order to ensure that similar reforms are adopted across the entire bureaucracy. Regulatory deci-sions that affect key parts of our econ-omy should be made in an open, trans-parent, and, consequently, accountable manner. But as we have seen with sue and settle, Washington bureaucrats and their interest group pals would prefer to do things their own way. It works like this. First, an interest group sues a Federal agency, claiming the agency has failed to take regu-latory action required by law. Through the lawsuit, the interest group seeks to compel the agency to take action by a new, often rushed, deadline. These plaintiff interest groups often share a common regulatory agenda with the agency they sue, such as when an envi-ronmental group sues the EPA or the Fish and Wildlife Service. Instead of challenging the lawsuit, the agency and the interest group enter into negotiations behind closed doors to produce either a ‘‘settlement agreement’’ or a ‘‘consent decree’’ com-mitting the agency to take regulatory action. There is no transparency, no accountability, which you would get through normal regulation writing. Noticeably absent from these nego-tiations are the very parties who will be most impacted, such as farmers, manufacturers, and even the 50 States themselves, which will be charged with enforcing some of these regulations. In 2010, for example, an environmental in-terest group sued the Obama adminis-tration EPA to force the agency to re-vise certain wastewater regulations. Wouldn’t it be nice to have the peo-ple who are affected by those regula-tions involved in the process in an open way—the way the Administrative Pro-cedure Act is designed? Oddly enough, the same day the law-suit was filed, the plaintiff interest group submitted a consent decree al-ready signed by the EPA, which com-mitted the agency to take prompt reg-ulatory action. Such a scenario should raise serious questions about how truly adversarial these lawsuits and negotia-tions are. To add insult to injury, regulations that have resulted from sue-and-settle tactics impose tremendous costs on the American economy. According to the American Action Forum, from 2005 to 2016, 23 sue-and-settle regulations re-sulted in a cost burden of $67.9 billion, with $26.5 billion in actual costs. Six-teen of the rules imposed paperwork burdens on American job creators of more than 8 million hours. Think about that. Nearly $70 billion in regu-latory costs were imposed on American business owners, manufacturers, farm-ers, and probably taxpayers, all with-out due regard for transparency and the normal rulemaking process re-quired by the Administrative Proce-dure Act. Decades ago, Congress enacted the Administrative Procedure Act for the sole purpose of ensuring transparency, accountability, and, more importantly, public participation in Federal rule-making. The EPA has been described as the citizens’ ‘‘regulatory bill of rights.’’ A pillar of the Administrative Procedure Act is the notice-and-com-ment process, which requires agencies to notify the public of proposed regula-tions and respond to comments sub-mitted—in other words, transparency. Rulemaking driven by sue-and-settle tactics frequently results in reprioritized agency agendas and rushed deadlines for regulatory action. This renders the EPA’s notice-and- comment process a mere formality. It deprives regulated entities, it deprives the States, and most importantly, it deprives the American public of suffi-cient time to have any meaningful input on final rules. The resulting reg-ulatory action is driven not by the pub-lic interest but by the special interest priorities. Sue-and-settle tactics also help agen-cies avoid accountability for their ac-tions. Instead of having to answer to the public for controversial regulatory decisions, agency officials will simply point to a court order and say that their hands are tied, when really they welcomed that process. The American people deserve better, but don’t just take my word for it. The Environmental Council of the States, a national nonprofit, nonpartisan asso-ciation of State and territorial envi-ronmental agency leaders, adopted a resolution in 2013 entitled ‘‘The Need for Reform and State Participation in EPA’s Consent Decrees which Settle Citizen Suits.’’ The rationale behind it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:52 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.052 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6964 November 1, 2017 
provides that ‘‘state environmental agencies are not always notified of cit-izen suits that allege U.S. EPA’s fail-ure to perform its nondiscretionary du-ties, are often not parties to these cit-izen suits, and are usually not provided with an opportunity to participate in the negotiation of agreements to settle citizen suits.’’ The Environmental Council of the States further resolved that ‘‘greater transparency of citizen suit settlement agreements is needed for the public to understand the impact of these agree-ments on the administration of envi-ronmental programs.’’ Obviously, I agree. We need more transparency, more accountability, and more voices at the table. In other words, the public’s business ought to be public, not some new regulation agreed to behind closed doors. I am happy to say that this administration is work-ing to accomplish that, thanks to Ad-ministrator Pruitt. In his own words: ‘‘The days of this regulation through litigation . . . are terminated.’’ His directive puts a swift end to sue- and-settle tactics by this one agency, the EPA. It does so by adopting com-monsense reforms to promote trans-parency and public participation in the regulatory process. It requires the pub-lication online of notices of lawsuits filed against the EPA. It requires the EPA to reach out and notify any States or regulated entities that will be af-fected by the lawsuit. It requires the EPA to seek the agreement of any af-fected State or regulatory entities be-fore the agency can enter into a con-sent decree or settlement agreement. Further, it prohibits the EPA from en-tering into any consent decree or set-tlement that converts a discretionary duty of the agency into a mandatory duty to issue, revise, or amend a regu-lation. Most importantly, it requires the EPA to post online for public com-ment any proposed consent decrees or settlement agreements before they are entered into by the court. These and other reforms in Adminis-trator Pruitt’s directive mark a very strong step toward ensuring that States, American job creators, and the public at large have a seat at the table when regulatory decisions are made, which is exactly why Congress passed the Administrative Procedure Act. Before I close, I will add one more thing. Earlier this year, I introduced the Sunshine for Regulatory Decrees and Settlements Act. This bill would make permanent the very types of re-forms outlined in Administrator Pru-itt’s directive. If it becomes law, it can’t be changed at some later date. In other words, it would ensure that fu-ture administrations can’t simply roll back the great work Administrator Pruitt is doing through this directive. I am pleased to hear that the House of Representatives just passed the com-panion bill introduced by Congressman D
OUG COLLINS . We will continue our work to build bipartisan support here in the Senate for this commonsense de-cree. But, today, I urge President Trump to move forward with the example set by Administrator Pruitt because Ad-ministrator Pruitt is draining the swamp through this process. The Presi-dent loves to sign Executive orders. He would probably do more good in drain-ing the swamp by producing an Execu-tive order like this than almost any other Executive order he could do. There is simply no reason these re-forms should be limited to just the EPA. Transparency and public partici-pation are core elements of a more ac-countable government. Simply stated, they are part of the process of rep-resentative government, where people make the laws and where administra-tors carry out the laws, not where something is done behind closed doors because some special interest wants something or because the agency is begging to do something—which maybe someone doesn’t want them to do—to get it done and to do it behind closed doors, just to work it out the way they want it and not necessarily the way it would be done if people were partici-pating. I applaud Administrator Pruitt’s di-rective. I urge the President to prompt-ly see to it that similar reforms are im-plemented across the administration. So for a third time today, President Trump, issue an Executive order to all departments to do what Administrator Pruitt has done at the EPA. f 
TRIBUTE TO BRIGADIER GENERAL STEVEN P. BULLARD Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Brig. Gen. Steven P. Bullard of the Kentucky Air National Guard as he begins his retire-ment after more than three decades of achievement, service, and sacrifice. This Nation and the Commonwealth of Kentucky thank him for his diligence in defending our safety and security. Brigadier General Bullard has served as the chief of staff, Headquarters, for the Kentucky Air National Guard and the deputy chief of the Joint Staff, Joint Force Headquarters-Kentucky National Guard since 2012. In these roles, he has been responsible for the guidance and direction of more than 8,500 Army and Air Guardsman in my home State. Brigadier General Bullard has skillfully carried out his respon-sibilities in these positions, as well as the duties of his civilian role as direc-tor of the division of administrative services within the Kentucky Depart-ment of Military Affairs. On numerous projects, he was the critical link between my office and the Kentucky Guard. I know that many on my staff who have had the privilege of interacting with him have appreciated Brigadier General Bullard’s depend-ability and talent, which I am told also extends to the golf course. Entering officer training school at Lackland Air Force Base in 1985, Briga-dier General Bullard took the first steps of his decorated military career. He later achieved the rating of master navigator, having completed more than 5,500 flight hours on various aircraft. Over the years, Brigadier General Bullard flew missions in 75 countries, including a deployment to Afghanistan during Operation Enduring Freedom. One might think that, with such avia-tion skill, he would have more luck traveling as a passenger on commercial air, but his colleagues report that throughout his career, a number of commercial flights he has traveled on have experienced weather or mainte-nance delays resulting in numerous nights in the airport for the trained airman. Brigadier General Bullard has earned and been awarded numerous military awards and decorations for his selfless service to the Commonwealth and his Nation. These honors include the Bronze Star Medal, the Meritorious Service Medal with two bronze oakleaf clusters, the Air Medal with one bronze oakleaf cluster, and the Kentucky Dis-tinguished Service Medal. These awards are recognition of Brigadier General Bullard’s distinguished actions on behalf of our Nation and Kentucky. The men and women of Kentucky’s National Guard serve a unique mission in our Armed Forces. Their efforts to help fight our Nation’s wars, defend our homeland, provide relief from nat-ural disasters, and maintain critical State, Federal, and international part-nerships in support of our Nation’s safety and security have demonstrated the vital nature of the National Guard’s service. I am proud to rep-resent them in the U.S. Senate, and I am grateful for their sacrifice on be-half of our Commonwealth and our Na-tion. As we celebrate Brigadier General Bullard’s retirement, we are also sad-dened to lose such a capable and dedi-cated public servant. In addition to his responsibilities at headquarters, Briga-dier General Bullard has also worked as the chairman of the Louisville Armed Forces Committee, two terms as the president of the National Guard Association of Kentucky, and as the volunteer executive director of the Kentucky Committee for Employer Support of the Guard and Reserve. On behalf of the people of Kentucky, I would like to thank him for his 32 years of achievement and service. He has earned a relaxing retirement, spending time with his family and friends. Finally, I would ask my col-leagues in the Senate to join me in paying tribute to Brigadier General Bullard, a brave American, a selfless public servant, and a proud Ken-tuckian. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. GLENN POSHARD Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, Dr. Glenn Poshard has served the United States in many ways. He served in the military and taught in high school. He represented rural southern Illinois in the Illinois State Senate from 1984 to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01NO6.046 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6965 November 1, 2017 
1988 and in Congress from 1989 to 1998. I served with him for 8 years in the House of Representatives. Glenn was a strong proponent of campaign finance reform so much so that he limited individual donations and refused contributions from polit-ical action committees when he ran for Governor in 1998. Following his tenure in Congress, Glenn and his wife, Jo, founded the Poshard Foundation for Abused Chil-dren. The foundation has helped the abused, abandoned, and neglected chil-dren of southern Illinois for 18 years. Glenn’s service to the community also continued through his role as president of Southern Illinois Univer-sity where he was the second longest serving president in the history of the Southern Illinois University system. Earlier this month, Glenn reminded us what service to our country and what the American flag means for us in an op-ed in the Southern Illinoisan, which I have included here. Dr. Poshard wrote: 
In 1962, I joined the U.S. Army on my 17th birthday. I had just graduated from high school and was following in the tradition of my family’s military service. They had served in the Civil War and fought their way across Europe and the Pacific in two World Wars. Some were POWs and one, my first cousin and closest friend, Dennis, awarded the Bronze Star for bravery in Vietnam, was the first young man from our county to be killed in that war. During my three years of enlistment, I served a tour of duty with the First Cav Di-vision in Korea. When my active duty was finished in December 1965, I immediately en-tered SIU Carbondale on the GI Bill. Pro-tests against the Vietnam War were already gripping the campus. They were abhorrent to me, particularly when the American flag was used to symbolize anger toward the govern-ment. But I was busy, carrying a full load of classes, working three part-time jobs, and trying to support a new family. By the time Old Main burned and the campus closed in the spring of 1970, I was beyond anger for the thousands of protesters desecrating our flag and destroying my beloved university. I made no attempt to understand the dif-ference between the symbolism of the flag and the substance of the Bill of Rights as it pertained to freedom to speak against per-ceived wrongs of our government. Years later, as a member of Congress, I was forced to grapple with this volatile issue again. In my first term, a bill was submitted to amend the Constitution prohibiting the desecration of the American flag as a means of protest against our government. Now, I had to understand this issue in its deepest, broadest context. My family and I went to Philadelphia where I sat in Independence Hall, contemplating those early debates of our forefathers on issues of equality, justice and freedom. Moved to tears, I was about to cast a vote of which the historical signifi-cance reached back to arguments which formed the founding documents of our coun-try, the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution. We drove to Gettysburg and I stood where our greatest President, Abraham Lincoln, delivered his address, taking us back to our Declaration of Independence, which stated, ‘‘All men are created equal and endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, and that among these are life, lib-erty, and the pursuit of happiness.’’ When our forefathers thought they had been denied these rights long enough by the King of Eng-land, they fought a Revolutionary War to gain them. And they fought a Civil War to extend those rights to slaves. Over the next 100 years, they fought all over the world to secure these rights for other people. President Kennedy spoke of this in his in-augural address. He said, ‘‘These same revo-lutionary beliefs for which our forefathers fought are still at issue around the globe today. The belief that the rights of man come not from the generosity of the State, but from the hand of God. We dare not forget that we are the heirs of that first Revolu-tion.’’ The Declaration goes on to say that when any form of government becomes de-structive of these rights then it is the right of the people to protest and alter that form of government so that those rights are se-cured to the people. And in the 1960s and ’70s, people protested against what they believed was an unjust war which imperiled their lives, their freedoms, and their pursuit of happiness. They believed that nearly 60,000 deaths were enough in a war our government either could not or would not win. When hundreds of thousands of mostly white young men in the ’60s and thousands of mostly black young men today protest against their government, it is because they feel their God-given rights are threatened. But why involve the flag? In a Supreme Court decision, Board of Education v. Barnett in 1943, Justice Jackson wrote words especially relevant to this issue. He said, ‘‘Freedom to differ is not limited to things that do not matter much. That would be a mere shadow of freedom. The test of free-dom’s substance is the right to differ as to things that touch the heart of the existing order’’—i.e. our flag. For many, it is not enough to write a let-ter to their congressman, attend a meeting or participate in a march. They must take the most important thing symbolizing our freedom—the flag—and cast it at the feet of their government to show how emphatically they disagree with government allowing the infringement of their rights. Millions of peo-ple of color in our country today feel threat-ened. They just want to enjoy the same secu-rity and freedom we all enjoy and the flag has become central to their protest precisely because it matters, as it did in the ’60s to an earlier generation. When I protested as a young man in my church that it was not necessary for God to send His only Son to be sacrificed for my freedom, that He could have provided an-other way, the pastor said, ‘‘Oh yes it was, because He could not win your freedom from sin by sacrificing that which didn’t matter much, He had to sacrifice the most impor-tant thing He loved, His Son.’’ The Supreme Court has said that the use of the flag in dissent against the government does not diminish it or the contribution of the men and women who fought for our free-dom, but instead stands as a powerful sym-bol to illustrate the substance of our Con-stitution’s Bill of Rights. I listened carefully to the debate in 1990 on the flag desecration amendment which for the first time in 200 years would have amend-ed our Bill of Rights. These words from President Reagan’s solicitor general, Charles Fried, express my beliefs entirely. ‘‘The flag, as all in this debate agree, symbolizes our nation, its history, its values. We love the flag because it symbolizes the United States; but we must love the Constitution even more, because the Constitution is not a sym-bol. It is the thing itself.’’ 
Reading Glenn’s op-ed, I was re-minded of the late John Glenn, col-league, friend, and legend. He testified to the Senate Judiciary Committee in 2004 about the flag of the United States. This is a man who carried the flag into space as an astronaut. He served in the Marine Corps. When pre-sented with a flag-burning amendment, he said, ‘‘It would be a hollow victory indeed if we preserved the symbol of our freedoms by chipping away at those fundamental freedoms them-selves.’’ Free speech is the bedrock of our de-mocracy. As millions of Americans are participating in the freedoms guaran-teed by our Constitution today, we should remember Glenn Porshard’s point that they do so not to destroy our Republic, but to celebrate the strength of our Constitution. Thank you. (At the request of Mr. SCHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 257, on the nomination of Joan Larsen, of Michigan, to be U.S. circuit judge for the Sixth Circuit. Had I been present, I would have voted nay. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 258, on the motion to invoke cloture on Allison Eid, of Colo-rado, to be U.S. circuit judge for the Tenth Circuit. Had I been present, I would have voted nay.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GEORGE STEVENS, JR. Mr. MARKEY. Mr. President, today we honor an icon of the film industry and a distinguished public servant, George Stevens, Jr. For five decades, George Stevens, Jr., served as the founding director of the American Film Institute, AFI, an organization that led the clarion call to preserve and celebrate America’s film heritage. In honoring him, I would like to state the following in the R
ECORD : 
Whereas, George Stevens, Jr., stood in the Rose Garden of the White House in 1967 when President Lyndon Johnson announced there would be an American Film Institute in order to address the crisis of America’s dis-appearing motion picture heritage. Whereas, through the extraordinary vision of the Library of Congress and the American Film Institute, more than 37,000 motion pic-tures are now safely preserved in the AFI Collection at the Library of Congress. Whereas, George Stevens, Jr., led the effort at the AFI to create a rescue list of movies with the Museum of Modern Art, Eastman House, and the Library of Congress and lo-cate and preserve missing films. Whereas, the collection includes classic American films, including ‘‘It’s A Wonderful Life,’’ ‘‘Mr. Smith Goes to Washington,’’ ‘‘The Ten Commandment,’’ ‘‘Puss in Boots,’’ and George Stevens, Sr.’s ‘‘Gunga Din.’’ Whereas, George Stevens, Jr., expanded the horizons of the next generation of filmmakers and visionaries with the creation an AFI Center for Advanced Film Studies. Whereas, George Stevens, Jr., unleashed the power of filmmaking in service to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO6.027 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6966 November 1, 2017 
American people, leading the United States Information Agency Motion Picture Service and producing award-winning films about the fabric of American life. Therefore, today in the U.S. Senate, I honor the 50th anniversary of the American Film Institute and the extraordinary legacy of George Stevens, Jr., director, producer, playwright, and public servant without equal. Thomas Edison may be given credit for inventing the film industry, but it is George Stevens, Jr., and the American Film Institute who have preserved it for future generations to come. f 
35TH ANNIVERSARY OF UNKER’S THERAPEUTIC PRODUCTS Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I wish to congratulate Unker’s Therapeutic Products for its 35th year in business. This is an impressive milestone for their organization. Unker’s Therapeutic Products’ story of starting out with Patrick Henry’s hard work in his garage to being a sta-ple in Wyoming and even sponsoring racecars is the embodiment of the American dream. I am pleased to hear of the company’s success and of the plans to continue this business for years to come. Unker’s Therapeutic Products provides both good jobs and much-needed services to the people of our towns and communities. It is greatly appreciated. Good businesses make for strongly knit communities, and that helps us all. President and CEO Patricia Pendelton and all the folks at Unker’s Therapeutic Products can be very proud they have served Weston County and the State of Wyoming for so long. Their hard work and determined effort have played a part in its current and continued success. I extend my best wishes and con-gratulations to Patricia and to every-one who is a part of this company. Thank you. 
f 
RECOGNIZING COLLEGE WOOD ELEMENTARY SCHOOL Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize College Wood Elementary School of Carmel, IN, for being named a 2017 National Blue Rib-bon School by the U.S. Department of Education. Established in 1982, the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program recognizes schools that have demonstrated a vi-sion of educational excellence for all students, regardless of their social or economic background. Since its incep-tion, this program has allowed schools in every State to gain recognition for educational accomplishments, particu-larly in closing the achievement gaps among students. College Wood’s mission is to provide opportunities for all students to realize their potential. College Wood students have consistently ranked among the top 10 percent in annual standardized testing. By encouraging every student to strive for excellence, explore oppor-tunities, and realize their full poten-tial, College Wood students are equipped to succeed and graduate. College Wood strives to provide a quality, well-rounded education and teach students the traits of successful leaders and communicators. To that end, the school includes social and emotional learning in its curriculum. Social Thinking and Superflex lessons instill social awareness, emotional management skills, and perspective-en-hancing experiences. The school also seeks to help teach students about the importance of serv-ice and helping others. Through several philanthropic endeavors, College Wood students, parents, and staff work close-ly together to give back to the commu-nity. Several donation drives through-out the year lead up to the school’s biggest annual event to benefit the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society. I am proud to recognize College Wood Elementary School principal Kathryn Olssen, the entire staff, the student body, and their families. The effort, dedication, and value you put into edu-cation has led not only to this pres-tigious recognition, but will benefit you and the Carmel community well into the future. On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I congratulate College Wood Elementary School, and I wish the students and staff continued success in the future. f 
RECOGNIZING WHITE LICK ELEMENTARY SCHOOL Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize White Lick Elementary School of Brownsburg, IN, for being named a 2017 National Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Education. Established in 1982, the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program recognizes schools that have demonstrated a vi-sion of educational excellence for all students, regardless of their social or economic background. Since its incep-tion, this program has allowed schools in every State to gain recognition for educational accomplishments, particu-larly in closing the achievement gaps among students. White Lick Elementary School cur-rently serves over 600 students and of-fers a variety of education and extra-curricular opportunities for its stu-dents. White Lick Elementary School has been effective in tailoring its cur-riculum to the educational needs of each individual student. As part of its commitment to students, the school provides programs like Learning Lab, which offers students struggling aca-demically extra support in reading and math in a small-group setting every day for 30 minutes. The school also prides itself on the professional development of its staff. Teachers are given the chance to learn and grow through weekly meetings with their professional learning com-munities. In these meetings, teachers come together to analyze test scores and other data as they discuss how to better meet the needs of their students. The school’s investment in students is reflected in the diverse opportunities it offers. Whether it is through the ‘‘Step-a-thon,’’ where students partici-pate in a physical challenge to help raise funds for various school programs or the numerous afterschool clubs, White Lick has excelled in offering re-sources and programs beyond the class-room. I am proud to recognize White Lick Elementary School principal Susan Wise, the entire staff, the student body, the parents, and the entire Brownsburg community. The effort, dedication, and value you put into edu-cation has led not only to this pres-tigious recognition but will benefit your students and Indiana well into the future. On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I congratulate White Lick Elementary School, and I wish the students and staff continued success in the future. f 
40TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MAINE COALITION TO END DO-MESTIC VIOLENCE Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the 40th anniversary of the Maine Coalition to End Domestic Violence, MCEDV, and its nine member organizations and resource centers: Hope and Justice Project, Partners for Peace, Next Step, New Hope for Women, Family Violence Project, Safe Voices, Family Crisis Services, Caring Unlimited, and Immigrant Resource Center of Maine. I am humbled and thankful for their tireless service to end the cycle of abuse existing in too many homes across Maine, our Nation, and the world. Originally formed in 1977 as the Maine Coalition for Family Crisis Services, and renamed the Maine Coali-tion to End Domestic Violence in 2001, the MCEDV has spent four decades being advocates for victims of domestic violence and have never lost their focus. Their efforts have helped count-less people find their own voices and regain their strength to live a violence- free life. The MCEDV has helped ensure there are direct service programs, shel-ters, transitional housing, and court advocacy available to everyone throughout our State. Not only do they partner with the nine member-projects mentioned above, but they also coordi-nate efforts and give voice to the edu-cation of the public, lawmakers, law enforcement, friends, and neighbors to make domestic violence a community- State-national and global issue that each of us has a responsibility to con-front. It is not possible to put words to the significant impact the MCEDV has had, the lives that have been saved, and ter-rifying existences turned into futures of peace. However, it would not be fair to their work to not acknowledge the lives that have been lost to domestic violence. All genders, all ages, all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO6.029 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6967 November 1, 2017 
races, all socio-economics categories, domestic violence knows no bound-aries, and fear continues to be a strong silencer. However, with the support and services provided by the MCEDV and its membership, many victims have found exceptional strength to tell their story, found their courage to name the abuse and the abuser and support others to shine a light on this pandemic of violence. I cannot overstate how awe-inspiring the exceptional staying power and de-termination of this coalition of advo-cates is and how impactful their efforts are. They have not only mobilized a state-wide interest in the topic of do-mestic violence but have also inspired people to work with them to even fur-ther strengthen the message that there is no excuse for domestic abuse. It has been said that peace in the world starts with peace in the home. Thank you to the MCEDV for living those words and helping to change the world for the better. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SUSAN OLSON Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize a member of my staff who has been in public service on Capitol Hill for 30 years. Susan Olson is my deputy chief of staff and general counsel. She has served Members of Congress, the Senate, and congres-sional committees for decades and is a well-known, beloved public servant around the Hill. Susan joined my staff when I came to the Senate in 2011, but she already had a long track record of distinguished service and respect from her peers. I got to know Susan when she served as secretary of the House NATO Par-liamentary Assembly Delegation, of which I was a member during my years in the House of Representatives. Su-san’s knowledge, determination, and warm personality helped her earn the respect and admiration of Members and staff alike. She also served as a valued staff member on the House Ethics Com-mittee where she was a legal counsel from 2004 to 2011. Prior to working on the Ethics Com-mittee, Susan served in the office of former Congressman Doug Bereuter of Nebraska for 17 years as legislative as-sistant, legislative director, and chief of staff. During her tenure with Con-gressman Bereuter, she also served as the secretary of the House Delegation to the British American Parliamentary Group from 1998 to 2000. Susan’s time on my staff has been marked by her wealth of knowledge and expertise on so many things. She is a trusted adviser, but more impor-tantly, a dear friend to me and to ev-eryone on my staff in Washington and Arkansas. We love Susan very much and appreciate all her hard work. She takes a personal interest in everyone she meets, from the many interns who cycle in and out of my office, to those on my staff and the countless men and women she has worked with over the years during her time on the Hill. We are so happy for and proud of Susan for reaching this milestone. I congratulate her for the many years of service she has rendered to the U.S. Congress and to our country. f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO DIANA TOLSTEDT ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, during National Adoption Awareness Month, I have the distinct honor of recognizing Diana Tolstedt of Billings. For nearly three decades, she has been helping people navigate all aspects of the adop-tion process. She has made a positive and lasting impact in the lives of many Montanans. Through her work with Lutheran So-cial Services of Montana, Diana has gently guided and counseled adoptees, birth parents, and adoptive families. For a dozen years, she has been a re-cruiter with Wendy’s Wonderful Kids, leading a program dedicated to finding adoptive families for the longest wait-ing children in foster care from eastern Montana. Throughout the United States, there are over 100,000 children in foster care who are waiting for adoption, each needing a loving home and stable envi-ronment to allow them to thrive and reach their potential. In the midst of this adoption challenge, folks like Diana are a guiding light to help others traverse adoption obstacles. I would like to thank Diana for having a heart as big as Yellowstone County and a commitment to brightening the hopes of children one life at a time. ∑ 
f 
40TH ANNIVERSARY OF AMRO FABRICATING CORPORATION ∑Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, today I would like to recognize AMRO Fabricating Corporation for 40 years of business in our State. AMRO, a small family-owned business based in El Monte and Riverside, CA, employs more than 250 people. The company has made important contributions to NASA rocket programs, including building the large aluminum panels for the space launch system rocket and the Orion crew capsule. AMRO has used State and Federal grants to train high school and college students on how to develop critical job skills, such as aero-space welding and engineering, pre-paring them for good-paying jobs in the future. Founded in 1977, AMRO marks its 40th anniversary this year. I extend my warmest congratulations to AMRO for achieving this milestone. ∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED In executive session the Presiding Of-ficer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) f 
MESSAGES FROM THE HOUSE At 11:50 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2521. An act to amend the Farm Secu-rity and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to in-clude South Carolina as a part of the Vir-ginia/Carolina peanut producing region for purposes of appointment to the Peanut Standards Board. H.R. 2921. An act to establish a vegetation management pilot program on National For-est System land to better protect utility in-frastructure from passing wildfire, and for other purposes. H.R. 2941. An act to provide for the convey-ance of certain National Forest System land within Kisatchie National Forest in the State of Louisiana. H.R. 3567. An act to authorize the purchase of a small parcel of Natural Resources Con-servation Service property in Riverside, California, by the Riverside Corona Resource Conservation District, and for other pur-poses. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
At 2:09 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the Speaker has signed the following enrolled bill: 
H.R. 1329. An act to increase, effective as of December 1, 2017, the rates of compensation for veterans with service-connected disabil-ities and the rates of dependency and indem-nity compensation for the survivors of cer-tain disabled veterans, and for other pur-poses. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2521. An act to amend the Farm Secu-rity and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to in-clude South Carolina as a part of the Vir-ginia/Carolina peanut producing region for purposes of appointment to the Peanut Standards Board; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. H.R. 2921. An act to establish a vegetation management pilot program on National For-est System land to better protect utility in-frastructure from passing wildfire, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. H.R. 2941. An act to provide for the convey-ance of certain National Forest System land within Kisatchie National Forest in the State of Louisiana; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. H.R. 3567. An act to authorize the purchase of a small parcel of Natural Resources Con-servation Service property in Riverside, California, by the Riverside Corona Resource Conservation District, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO6.030 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6968 November 1, 2017 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3318. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral Darryl L. Roberson, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–3319. A communication from the Direc-tor of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Re-strictions on Qualified Financial Contracts of Certain FDIC–Supervised Institutions; Re-visions to the Definition of Qualifying Mas-ter Netting Agreement and Related Defini-tions’’ (RIN3064–AE46) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3320. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Administrator, Fed-eral Transit Administration, Department of Transportation, received during adjourn-ment of the Senate in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 27, 2017; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–3321. A communication from the Chief of the Trade and Commercial Regulations Branch, Bureau of Customs and Border Pro-tection, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Procedures to Adjust Cus-toms COBRA User Fees to Reflect Inflation’’ ((RIN1515–AE25) (CBP Dec. 17–16)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 30, 2017; to the Committee on Fi-nance. EC–3322. A communication from the Chief of the Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2018 Limitations Adjusted As Provided in Section 415(d), etc.’’ (Notice 2017–64) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 16, 2017; to the Committee on Finance. EC–3323. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including technical data, and defense services to the Republic of Korea to support the manufac-ture, integration, installation, and testing of the Electro-Optical Tracking System II in the amount of $3,200,000 or more (Trans-mittal No. DDTC 17–072); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–3324. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including technical data, and defense services to Japan to support the integration, installation, op-eration, training, testing, maintenance, and repair of the KC–767 tanker in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–069); to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. EC–3325. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, in-cluding technical data, and defense services to Canada for the manufacture of F404 and F414 aircraft engine components in Canada to supply General Electric Aviation’s pro-duction lines in the United States in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–061); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–3326. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of firearms and accessories abroad controlled under Category I of the United States Munitions List of M60 and M2HB machine guns, MK19 grenade machine guns, and associated components to Tunisia in the amount of $1,000,000 or more (Trans-mittal No. DDTC 17–038); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–3327. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) and 36(d) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, in-cluding technical data, and defense services to Japan to support the manufacture, inte-gration, installation, and assembly of the Japanese Patriot PAC–3 missile program in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Trans-mittal No. DDTC 17–048); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–3328. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–130, ‘‘Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Support Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–3329. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–152, ‘‘General Obligation Bonds and Bond Anticipation Notes for Fis-cal Years 2018–2023 Authorization Temporary Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3330. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–153, ‘‘Capitol Riverfront Busi-ness Improvement District Amendment Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. EC–3331. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–169, ‘‘DC HealthCare Alliance Recertification Simplification Amendment Act of 2017’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–3332. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting, pursuant to section 36(c) of the Arms Export Control Act, the certification of a proposed license for the export of defense articles, including technical data, and defense services to Japan for the manufacture of PAC–3 Missile Seg-ment Command and Launch System for the Japanese PATRIOT Growth Program in the amount of $100,000,000 or more (Transmittal No. DDTC 17–059); to the Committee on For-eign Relations. EC–3333. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Eliza-beth City, NC’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–0384)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3334. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Redmond, OR’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0390)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3335. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and E Airspace; Battle Creek, MI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0232)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3336. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D and E Airspace; Battle Creek, MI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0232)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3337. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Evansville, IN’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9540)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3338. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Sunriver, OR’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0617)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3339. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Canadian, TX; and Wheeler, TX’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0458)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3340. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Medford, WI and Waupaca, WI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0388)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3341. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Hebron, NE’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0175)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3342. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO6.006 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6969 November 1, 2017 
Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Clarinda, IA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0536)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3343. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Augusta, AR’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9274)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3344. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Picayune, MS’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0320)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3345. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace, Big Timber, MT’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0392)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3346. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Hattiesburg, MS’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0321)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3347. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace; Onida, SD’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9546)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3348. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Class E Airspace and Amendment of Class D and Class E Airspace; Kaunakakai, HI’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017– 0295)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–3349. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Restricted Areas R–3004A and R– 3004B and Establishment of R–3004C; Fort Gordon, GA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0886)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3350. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Establish-ment of Restricted Area R–2603; Fort Carson, CO’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2016– 8927)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–3351. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0498)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3352. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0813)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3353. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0248)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3354. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0515)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3355. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0624)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3356. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Defense and Space S. A. (Formerly Known as Construcciones Aeronauticas, S.A.) Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9386)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3357. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2016–9183)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3358. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0243)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3359. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0244)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3360. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2015–8434)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3361. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0691)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3362. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0254)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3363. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Honeywell International Inc. Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9451)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3364. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Honeywell International Inc. Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0034)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3365. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; PIAGGIO AERO INDUS-TRIES S.p.A. Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0648)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 31, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3366. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Rolls-Royce plc Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0753)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3367. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO6.008 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6970 November 1, 2017 
Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (57); Amdt. No. 3765’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3368. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (23); Amdt. No. 3766’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3369. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Stage 5 Airplane Noise Standards’’ ((RIN2120–AK52) (Docket No. FAA–2015–3782)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Oc-tober 31, 2017; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3370. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airspace Designations; Incorporation by Reference Amendments’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0798)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3371. A communication from the Pro-gram Analyst, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Motor Ve-hicle Safety Standards; Electronic Stability Control Systems for Heavy Vehicles’’ (RIN2127–AL78) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on October 31, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3372. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, Office of General Counsel, De-partment of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a va-cancy for the position of Administrator, Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administra-tion, Department of Transportation, received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Octo-ber 27, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–132. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to an amendment to the United States Constitution; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. CORKER, from the Committee on Foreign Relations, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble: S. Res. 279. A resolution reaffirming the commitment of the United States to pro-mote democracy, human rights, and the rule of law in Cambodia. f EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. CRAPO for the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. *Hester Maria Peirce, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission for a term expiring June 5, 2020. *Robert J. Jackson, Jr., of New York, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission for the remainder of the term expiring June 5, 2019. *David J. Ryder, of New Jersey, to be Di-rector of the Mint for a term of five years. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MORAN: S. 2049. A bill to amend the Agricultural Credit Act of 1978 to increase support for conservation practices under the emergency conservation program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. By Mr. MORAN: S. 2050. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to provide to producers partial payments under the livestock indemnity pro-gram for livestock sold for salvage; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. PORTMAN (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 2051. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to modernize the physi-cian self-referral prohibitions to promote care coordination in the merit-based incen-tive payment system and to facilitate physi-cian practice participation in alternative payment models under the Medicare pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. HATCH: S. 2052. A bill to provide for temporary funding for health insurance cost-sharing re-duction payments and provide targeted tax relief, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. MORAN: S. 2053. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to increase the maximum amount of assistance authorized under supplemental agricultural disaster assistance programs; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. MORAN: S. 2054. A bill to amend the Agricultural Credit Act of 1978 to establish a program to provide advance payments under the Emer-gency Conservation Program for the repair or replacement of fencing; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mrs. C
APITO ): S. 2055. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to better address substance use and substance use disorders among young people; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND: S. 2056. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to establish a traffic barrier installation grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mrs. FEINSTEIN , Ms. H ARRIS , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. M
ARKEY , Mrs. S HAHEEN , and Mr. U
DALL ): S. 2057. A bill to prevent conflicts of inter-est that stem from the revolving door that raises concerns about the independence of pharmaceutical regulators; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S. 2058. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to increase the thresholds by which medical facility projects and medical facility leases of the Department of Veterans Affairs are considered major medical facility projects and major medical facility leases, respectively, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ): S. Res. 319. A resolution supporting the goals, activities, and ideals of Prematurity Awareness Month; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. C ORNYN , and Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ): S. Res. 320. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of National Domestic Vio-lence Awareness Month, commending domes-tic violence victim advocates, domestic vio-lence victim service providers, crisis hotline staff, and first responders serving victims of domestic violence for their compassionate support of survivors of domestic violence, and expressing the sense of the Senate that Congress should continue to support efforts to end domestic violence, provide safety for victims of domestic violence and their fami-lies, and hold perpetrators of domestic vio-lence accountable; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 66 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 66, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to permit cer-tain retired members of the uniformed services who have a service-connected disability to receive both disability compensation from the Department of Veterans Affairs for their disability and either retired pay by reason of their years of military service or Com-bat-Related Special Compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 109 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 109, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO6.010 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6971 November 1, 2017 
provide for coverage under the Medi-care program of pharmacist services. 
S. 382 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , her name was added as a cosponsor of S. 382, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a voluntary registry to collect data on cancer incidence among firefighters. 
S. 428 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 428, a bill to amend titles XIX and XXI of the Social Security Act to authorize States to provide coordinated care to children with complex medical condi-tions through enhanced pediatric health homes, and for other purposes. 
S. 527 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 527, a bill to improve access to emer-gency medical services, and for other purposes. 
S. 591 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 591, a bill to expand eligibility for the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, to expand benefits available to participants under such program, to enhance special com-pensation for members of the uni-formed services who require assistance in everyday life, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 708 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 708, a bill to improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to interdict fentanyl, other synthetic opioids, and other narcotics and psychoactive substances that are ille-gally imported into the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1112 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1112, a bill to support States in their work to save and sustain the health of mothers during pregnancy, childbirth, and in the postpartum period, to elimi-nate disparities in maternal health outcomes for pregnancy-related and pregnancy-associated deaths, to iden-tify solutions to improve health care quality and health outcomes for moth-ers, and for other purposes. 
S. 1191 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1191, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to refine how Medicare pays for orthotics and pros-thetics and to improve beneficiary ex-perience and outcomes with orthotic and prosthetic care, and for other pur-poses. S. 1333 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1333, a bill to provide for rental assistance for homeless or at-risk In-dian veterans. 
S. 1400 
At the request of Mr. H EINRICH , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1400, a bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to enhance protec-tions of Native American tangible cul-tural heritage, and for other purposes. 
S. 1480 
At the request of Mr. K ING, the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1480, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include bio-mass heating appliances for tax credits available for energy-efficient building property and energy property. 
S. 1498 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1498, a bill to establish in the Smithso-nian Institution a comprehensive American women’s history museum, and for other purposes. 
S. 1700 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1700, a bill to amend the Energy Pol-icy and Conservation Act to establish a WaterSense program within the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency, and for other purposes. 
S. 1720 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1720, a bill to amend the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act to establish a skills-based immigration points sys-tem, to focus family-sponsored immi-gration on spouses and minor children, to eliminate the Diversity Visa Pro-gram, to set a limit on the number of refugees admitted annually to the United States, and for other purposes. 
S. 1838 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the names of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1838, a bill to repeal the authority under the National Labor Relations Act for States to enact laws prohibiting agreements requiring mem-bership in a labor organization as a condition of employment, and for other purposes. 
S. 1879 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the names of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING), the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) and the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1879, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of marriage and family thera-pist services and mental health coun-selor services under part B of the Medi-care program, and for other purposes. S. 1967 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1967, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide ad-ditional exemptions to the individual mandate, and for other purposes. 
S. 2016 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2016, a bill to prevent an un-constitutional strike against North Korea. 
S. RES. 310 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 310, a resolution recognizing the importance of a continued commit-ment to ending pediatric AIDS world-wide. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 319—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS, ACTIVI-TIES, AND IDEALS OF PRE-MATURITY AWARENESS MONTH Mr. BROWN (for himself and Mr. I
SAKSON ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 319 Whereas, according to the World Health Organization, complications of preterm birth is now the number one killer of children under 5 years of age worldwide; Whereas 1,100,000 children die every year due to complications of preterm birth; Whereas preterm birth is a global problem that exacts a harsh toll on families from all parts of society in every country; Whereas there are stark inequalities in the survival rates of preterm babies born around the world; Whereas complications from preterm birth have lifelong consequences for the health, growth, and development of infants; Whereas up to 75 percent of deaths result-ing from preterm birth worldwide can be pre-vented through proven low-cost interven-tions; Whereas countries can improve maternal health and the survival rate of babies born prematurely by making strategic invest-ments in health care systems to ensure ac-cess to high-quality adolescent and pre-preg-nancy care, prenatal care, childbirth serv-ices, emergency obstetric care, postnatal care, and comprehensive care for affected newborns; Whereas according to data collected by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, preterm-related causes are the leading con-tributors to infant death in the United States, accounting for more than 
1⁄3of infant deaths; Whereas while the preterm birth rate in the United States decreased from a peak of 12.8 percent in 2006, the preterm birth rate of 9.8 percent in 2016 is still too high; Whereas there are significant racial and ethnic disparities in preterm birth rates among many communities in the United States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO6.015 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6972 November 1, 2017 
Whereas the Institute of Medicine of the National Academies estimated in 2006 that the annual societal economic cost associated with preterm birth in the United States was $26,200,000,000; Whereas many preterm births can be pre-vented through evidence-based public health programs focused on reducing risk factors such as tobacco use, inadequate birth spac-ing, and early elective deliveries; and Whereas, in the United States and around the world, November is recognized as Pre-maturity Awareness Month: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) supports the recognition of Prematurity Awareness Month; (2) supports efforts at home and abroad— (A) to reduce the impact of preterm births by improving maternal health during and after pregnancy; and (B) to advance the care and treatment of infants born preterm; (3) honors individuals working domesti-cally and internationally to reduce preterm births; and (4) expresses the intent of the Senate to promote evidence-based prevention interven-tions to prevent preterm birth and improve outcomes for affected infants. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 320—SUP-PORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AWARENESS MONTH, COMMENDING DOMESTIC VIO-LENCE VICTIM ADVOCATES, DO-MESTIC VIOLENCE VICTIM SERV-ICE PROVIDERS, CRISIS HOTLINE STAFF, AND FIRST RESPONDERS SERVING VICTIMS OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE FOR THEIR COMPAS-SIONATE SUPPORT OF SUR-VIVORS OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE, AND EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE SENATE THAT CONGRESS SHOULD CONTINUE TO SUPPORT EFFORTS TO END DOMESTIC VIO-LENCE, PROVIDE SAFETY FOR VICTIMS OF DOMESTIC VIO-LENCE AND THEIR FAMILIES, AND HOLD PERPETRATORS OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE ACCOUNT-ABLE Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN , Mr. C ORNYN , and Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 320 Whereas, according to the National Inti-mate Partner and Sexual Violence Survey— (1) up to 12,000,000 individuals in the United States report experiencing intimate partner violence, including physical violence, rape, or stalking; and (2) approximately 1 in 5 women in the United States and up to 1 in 7 men in the United States have experienced severe phys-ical violence by an intimate partner at some point in their lifetimes; Whereas, on average, 3 women in the United States are killed each day by a cur-rent or former intimate partner, according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics; Whereas domestic violence can affect any-one, but women aged 18 to 34 typically expe-rience the highest rates of intimate partner violence; Whereas most female victims of intimate partner violence have been victimized by the same offender previously; Whereas domestic violence is cited as a significant factor in homelessness among families; Whereas millions of children are exposed to domestic violence each year; Whereas research shows that boys who are exposed to domestic violence in their house-holds are more likely to become perpetrators of intimate partner violence; Whereas victims of domestic violence expe-rience immediate and long-term negative outcomes, including detrimental effects on mental and physical health; Whereas victims of domestic violence may lose several days of paid work each year and may lose their jobs due to reasons stemming from domestic violence; Whereas crisis hotlines serving domestic violence victims operate 24 hours per day, 365 days per year, and offer important crisis intervention services, support services, in-formation, and referrals for victims; Whereas staff and volunteers of domestic violence shelters and programs in the United States, in cooperation with 56 State and ter-ritorial coalitions against domestic violence, serve— (1) thousands of adults and children each day; and (2) 1,000,000 adults and children each year; Whereas, according to a 2016 survey con-ducted by the National Network to End Do-mestic Violence, 72,959 domestic violence victims were served by domestic violence shelters and programs around the United States in a single day; Whereas law enforcement officers in the United States put their lives at risk each day by responding to incidents of domestic violence, which can be among the most vola-tile and deadly calls; Whereas Congress first demonstrated a sig-nificant commitment to supporting victims of domestic violence with the enactment of the landmark Family Violence Prevention and Services Act (42 U.S.C. 10401 et seq.); Whereas Congress has remained committed to protecting survivors of all forms of domes-tic violence and sexual abuse by making Federal funding available to support the ac-tivities that are authorized under— (1) the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act (42 U.S.C. 10401 et seq.); and (2) the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12291 et seq.); Whereas there is a need to continue to sup-port programs and activities aimed at do-mestic violence intervention and domestic violence prevention in the United States; and Whereas individuals and organizations that are dedicated to preventing and ending do-mestic violence should be recognized: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That— (1) the Senate supports the goals and ideals of ‘‘National Domestic Violence Awareness Month’’; and (2) it is the sense of the Senate that Con-gress should— (A) continue to raise awareness of domes-tic violence in the United States and the cor-responding devastating effects of domestic violence on survivors, families, and commu-nities; and (B) pledge continued support for programs designed— (i) to assist survivors; (ii) to hold perpetrators accountable; and (iii) to bring an end to domestic violence. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I want to remind my colleagues that we annually commemorate National Do-mestic Violence Awareness Month in November. This is a time when we’re called to increase public awareness and understanding of domestic violence. As noted by the National Network to End Domestic Violence, domestic vio-lence is a crime that thrives when we remain silent. That’s why the Senate today passed the resolution that I re-cently introduced with Senator FEIN-
STEIN to commemorate National Do-mestic Violence Awareness Month. As stated in our resolution, Congress should continue to raise awareness of domestic violence in the United States. We also should pledge our continued support for programs designed to assist survivors, hold perpetrators account-able, and bring an end to domestic vio-lence. Congress has made support to sur-vivors a national priority for over three decades, through the enactment of the Violence Against Women Act, the Victims of Crime Act, and other Federal laws. Through the enactment of laws criminalizing domestic violence at the State and local level, we’ve also sent a strong signal to abusers that do-mestic violence is not a ‘‘private’’ mat-ter. We’ve come a long way, but we still have much work to do on this front. Even now, domestic violence affects millions in the United States, includ-ing women, men, and children of every age and socio-economic status. About one in five women will at some point in their lifetime become a victim of this crime, according to the Centers for Dis-ease Control. I applaud the many individuals and organizations in Iowa and elsewhere around the Nation that work around the clock to respond to victims in cri-sis. They include the hotline personnel who provide support 365 days a year. They include the staff and volunteers at shelters, who provide safe havens for those escaping abuse. They include the advocates who champion survivors’ in-terests at the State and Federal levels. Last, but certainly not least, they in-clude the first responders who compas-sionately respond to victims in crisis. We applaud their continued service and we continue to support the goals and ideals of National Domestic Vio-lence Awareness Month. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I have 8 requests for committees to meet dur-ing today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 1, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:14 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\NOVEMBER\S01NO7.REC S01NO7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6973 November 1, 2017 
2017, at 10 a.m., in room SR–253 to con-duct a hearing on the following nomi-nations: James Bridenstine, of Okla-homa, to be Administrator of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration, Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Prod-uct Safety Commission, and Nazakhtar Nikakhtar, of Maryland, and Neil Ja-cobs, of North Carolina, both to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 1, 2017, at 10 a.m., to vote on the following nomina-tions: David J. Ryder, of New Jersey, to be Director of the Mint, Department of the Treasury, and Hester Maria Peirce, of Ohio, and Robert J. Jackson, Jr., of New York, both to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Com-mission. 
COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 1, 2017, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the fol-lowing nominations: Scott Garrett, of New Jersey, to be President, Kimberly A. Reed, of West Virginia, to be First Vice President, Mark L. Greenblatt, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, and Spencer Bachus III, of Alabama, Judith Delzoppo Pryor, of Ohio, and Claudia Slacik, of New York, each to be a Mem-ber of the Board of Directors, all of the Export-Import Bank. 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Wednesday, No-vember 1, 2017, at 10 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Irwin Steven Goldstein, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Public Diplo-macy, Rebecca Eliza Gonzales, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the King-dom of Lesotho, Lisa A. Johnson, of Washington, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Namibia, James Randolph Evans, of Georgia, to be Ambassador to Luxembourg, and Sean P. Lawler, of Maryland, to be Chief of Protocol, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service, all of the Depart-ment of State. 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 1, 2017, at 10 a.m., in room SD–226 to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Leonard Steven Grasz, of Nebraska, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, Terry A. Doughty, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Lou-isiana, Terry Fitzgerald Moorer, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, and Mark Saalfield Norris, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee. COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, November 1, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., in room SD–628 to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Building Tribal economies: Modernizing tax policies that work for Indian country.’’ 
SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Select Committee on Intel-ligence is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednes-day, November 1, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., in room SH–216 to conduct a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Social Media Influence in the 2016 U.S. Elections.’’ 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON MULTILATERAL INTER -
NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT , MULTILATERAL IN -
STITUTIONS , AND INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC , 
ENERGY , AND ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY  
The Subcommittee on Multilateral International Development, Multilat-eral Institutions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environmental Policy of the Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate Wednesday, November 1, 2017, at 2:30 p.m. to con-duct a hearing. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern, Isamar Chavez, be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SUPPORTING THE GOALS AND IDEALS OF NATIONAL DOMESTIC VIOLENCE AWARENESS MONTH Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 320, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 320) supporting the goals and ideals of National Domestic Vio-lence Awareness Month, commending domes-tic violence victim advocates, domestic vio-lence victim service providers, crisis hotline staff, and first responders serving victims of domestic violence for their compassionate support of survivors of domestic violence, and expressing the sense of the Senate that Congress should continue to support efforts to end domestic violence, provide safety for victims of domestic violence and their fami-lies, and hold perpetrators of domestic vio-lence accountable. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 320) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 9:30 a.m., Thursday, No-vember 2; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Eid nomination under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 9:30 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 6:37 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, November 2, 2017, at 9:30 a.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
MICHAEL D. GRIFFIN, OF ALABAMA, TO BE A PRIN-CIPAL DEPUTY UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE ALAN F. ESTEVEZ. RANDALL G. SCHRIVER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE, VICE DAVID B. SHEAR. 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
JOEL DANIES, OF MARYLAND, A CAREER MEMBER OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE, CLASS OF COUNSELOR, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENI-POTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE GABONESE REPUBLIC, AND TO SERVE CONCUR-RENTLY AND WITHOUT ADDITIONAL COMPENSATION AS AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE DEMO-CRATIC REPUBLIC OF SAO TOME AND PRINCIPE. 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
DOUGLAS WEBSTER, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE CHIEF FINAN-CIAL OFFICER, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, VICE LAW-RENCE A. WARDER, RESIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR  
SCOTT A. MUGNO, OF PENNSYLVANIA, TO BE AN AS-SISTANT SECRETARY OF LABOR, VICE DAVID MORRIS MI-CHAELS. 
THE JUDICIARY  
JAMES R. SWEENEY II, OF INDIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF INDIANA, VICE SARAH EVANS BARKER, RETIRED. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
THE FOLLOWING–NAMED MEMBERS OF THE FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE TO BE A CON-SULAR OFFICER AND A SECRETARY IN THE DIPLOMATIC SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA: LISA–FELICIA AFI AKORLI, OF ARIZONA JAMES STEVEN ALVARADO, OF VIRGINIA BRITTANY NICOLE ANKERMAN, OF VIRGINIA JUAN JOSE APARICIO, OF CALIFORNIA ASHLE MARIE AROSTEGUI, OF FLORIDA MARC N. BACHARACH, OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM HUTCHESON BAKSI, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA DANIELLE PAULINE BARCHETTI, OF VIRGINIA GEORGIOS BARDIS, OF MARYLAND ERIC TOWNSHEND BARKER, OF VIRGINIA KATHLEEN V. BARRAMEDA, OF VIRGINIA 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A01NO6.026 S01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6974 November 1, 2017 
WILLIAM ABELLO BASKERVILLE III, OF COLORADO BYRON J. BEAN, OF VIRGINIA JESSICA ANN BECK, OF VIRGINIA HEATHER NICOLE BLAIR, OF VIRGINIA THOMAS BOYLE, OF VIRGINIA GREGORY W. BRONSON, OF VIRGINIA SHANE ERIC BROOKS, OF VIRGINIA JONATHAN R. BUFFALOE, OF VIRGINIA TAREN KATRICE BURKETT–SORLIE, OF VIRGINIA JASON BURKHOLDER, OF VIRGINIA DANIELLE NICOLE BURLEY, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL JACOB BURNETT, OF COLORADO SHAWN CHRISTOPHER BUSH, JR., OF NEW YORK JUNY GUADALUPE CANENGUEZ, OF VIRGINIA PHILIP MUIR CHAMBERLAIN, OF ARIZONA MARCUS ALAN CHANEY, OF CALIFORNIA MICHAEL LOUIS CONNELLY, OF VIRGINIA JONATHAN F. COOK, OF VIRGINIA HAILEY MCCALL COOK, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ANDREW MICHAEL COSTA, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL CRAWFORD, OF VIRGINIA JONATHAN BRIDGER CRONBERGER, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL EUGENE CROWLEY, OF VIRGINIA NICOLLE ANN CUMBERLAND, OF VIRGINIA LINDA MARIE DOMINICK, OF VIRGINIA TIFFANY LAUREN DOZIER, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL L. DUVAL, OF VIRGINIA CAITLIN MCKENNA EMBREY, OF PENNSYLVANIA DAVID MCNEILL FAUST, OF CALIFORNIA ANDREW ROBERT FEITT, OF VIRGINIA LYNDSAY FORD, OF VIRGINIA JASON RICHARD FROST, OF VIRGINIA JONATHAN D. FROST, OF VIRGINIA ANDREA LYNN GARBE, OF VIRGINIA RENEE ANN GARCIA, OF COLORADO JONATHAN MCDONOUGH GEARING, OF KANSAS VALERIE LYNNE GECOWETS, OF VIRGINIA MATTHEW S. GERSHWIN, OF VIRGINIA MEAGAN ELIZABETH GILTNER, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA JEFFREY JAMES GOERSS, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL DAVID GOLLEM, OF VIRGINIA JOSHUA GUILO GONZALEZ, OF OHIO REBECCA JOY GOULD, OF VIRGINIA NICHOLAS ALEXANDER GRANDCHAMPS, OF FLORIDA JOHN COOPER GREEN, OF VIRGINIA JOANNE DANELLE GREENBERG, OF VIRGINIA KAMOLRAT S. GRIMES, OF VIRGINIA LEE D GROENEVELD, OF TEXAS STEPHEN RAY GROVE, OF VIRGINIA TARA CHRISTINE HAASE, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA JENNIFER A HAM, OF TEXAS DANIEL JOHN HARPER, OF ARIZONA LARRY ORNEZ HARRIS, JR., OF ILLINOIS RIJEN B. HENDRICK, OF VIRGINIA TESSA HENRY, OF PENNSYLVANIA NATHANAEL GUSTAV HINS, OF VIRGINIA MACY LYNNE HINTZMAN, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-BIA TANNY HO, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA ERIC HOFFMAN, OF FLORIDA DEJE JURIE HOLMES, OF ILLINOIS ROSS R. HOLTAN, OF VIRGINIA ALISON PAIGE HOPKINS, OF VIRGINIA CHARLES WILLIAM HOUGH, OF VIRGINIA JONATHAN PATRICK HULTINE, OF VIRGINIA NIA THERESA JACKSON, OF FLORIDA MAURICE EZEKIEL JACKSON, OF FLORIDA NATAZIA RACHELE JOHNSON, OF VIRGINIA STACEY LEAH JOHNSON, OF VIRGINIA JEFFREY CHINEDU JOSEPH, OF ILLINOIS SUSAN ALEXANDRA KAHRS, OF VIRGINIA AJA SIERRA KENNEDY, OF NORTH CAROLINA JEAN E. KHALIFE, OF VIRGINIA JOY ALEXANDREA KING, OF FLORIDA JOHN ANTHONY KRISTENSEN, OF VIRGINIA MARCI LUEDTKE LACY, OF VIRGINIA DAVID A. LAHTI, OF VIRGINIA DAVID W. LAUDENBACK, OF VIRGINIA CATHERINE LEMERY, OF VIRGINIA DANIEL THOMAS LEONARD, OF VIRGINIA THOMAS J. LEONETTE, OF VIRGINIA JASON ERIC LESSER, OF VIRGINIA GRACE EUNHAE LIM, OF VIRGINIA CATHERINE MARIE LIPPER, OF VIRGINIA CHAD MICHAEL MADDOX, OF GEORGIA MARIA TERESA MALAGARI, OF MARYLAND MASOOD MANASIA, OF MARYLAND DAVID STEVEN MANNAN, OF VIRGINIA VIRNA MANUEL MANUEL, OF VIRGINIA ERIKA ELIZABETH MARIANO, OF VIRGINIA MARIA KORYO MATE–KODJO, OF IOWA JOHN DEREK MATEUS, OF VIRGINIA NOBUKO ANIKA KAI KENYATTA MAYBIN, OF ALASKA ROBIN ELIZABETH MCKAY, OF VIRGINIA SARAH R. MCLAIN, OF VIRGINIA JOHN AUGUSTUS MCLAUGHLIN, OF VIRGINIA YOLANDA W. MCLEOD, OF VIRGINIA JOHN A. K. MILLER, OF VIRGINIA JESSIE LYNN MILSTEAD, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW JOSEPH MINOSKI, OF VIRGINIA JALITA AYANA FATIMA MOORE, OF CALIFORNIA SHAIESHA LATISHA MOORE, OF ILLINOIS JONATHAN MOYSEN, OF VIRGINIA ANNE MARIE NEWBORG, OF VIRGINIA ALEXIS LENI NIEVES, OF NEW YORK EMILY ELIZABETH NISSLEY, OF VIRGINIA CHUMA OBINNA NNAWULEZI, OF NEBRASKA TEMIDAYO OLUWO, OF VIRGINIA WILLIAM ROLAND PATTERSON, OF VIRGINIA ANGELA D. PATTERSON, OF VIRGINIA MICAELA LYNN PAWLAK, OF VIRGINIA JEREME PAUL PEDERSEN, OF VIRGINIA C. JAMES PERANTEAU, OF NEVADA CAITLIN LEIGH PERKS, OF VIRGINIA STANISLAS PHANORD, OF MASSACHUSETTS ALEKSANDAR POPOV, OF VIRGINIA SHELLEY M. PRICE, OF VIRGINIA ERIN LYNN RAYL, OF VIRGINIA ANDREW P. REEL, OF VIRGINIA HIRAM JAVIER RIOS HERNANDEZ, OF FLORIDA VERONICA LYNNE RISNER, OF VIRGINIA MARION DEBERNIERE ROBERTSON III, OF VIRGINIA WILLARD SCOTT ROSENER, OF VIRGINIA ERIC SALGADO, OF CONNECTICUT SPENCER ASHLEY SALIBUR, OF NEW YORK CHARLES J. SCHILDECKER, OF VIRGINIA MICHAEL RAY SEIFERT, OF VIRGINIA TALIA E. SHABAT, OF VIRGINIA TARA ALINE SHAUGHNESSY, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA FELICIA LAVITA SHERROD, OF VIRGINIA GURJAS SINGH, OF VIRGINIA JAGMANPREET SINGH, OF VIRGINIA MEAGAN NICOLE SKILLAS, OF VIRGINIA LAURA VALERIA SOLANO, OF FLORIDA JARRETT BLAKE SOUTER–KLINE, OF CALIFORNIA KATRINA LACEY SPRINGER, OF NEW YORK JONATHAN GORDON SPRINGER, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA MELANIE KATHLEEN ST. CLAIR, OF COLORADO MICHAEL C. STEWART, OF VIRGINIA NICHOLAS RYAN STONE, OF VIRGINIA BRENDAN SETH TAUBMAN, OF VIRGINIA LAURA ELIZABETH THOMAS, OF THE DISTRICT OF CO-LUMBIA MATTHEW HUTTON TONKIN, OF VIRGINIA DANTE RENATO TOPPO, OF OREGON DOUGLAS ANTHONY TRABANDT, OF VIRGINIA JOSHUA JACOB TRINIDAD, OF NEW YORK INDIA R. TURNER, OF VIRGINIA COLLINS PATRICK TYNAN, OF VIRGINIA ANDY VO, OF MASSACHUSETTS JILL MARIE WAGNER, OF VIRGINIA RUSSELL C. WATERS, OF VIRGINIA KATHERINE VIRGINIA WALCZAK, OF VIRGINIA ADAM CHARLES WALESIEWICZ, OF VIRGINIA LYNDSEY REBECCA WEBB, OF VIRGINIA JOSEPH RAY WEBSTER, OF VIRGINIA ANNELIESE WELSH, OF VIRGINIA ANTHONY SCOTT WHITE, OF VIRGINIA GENA MARIE WIGGINS, OF VIRGINIA STEPHANIE P. WILSON, OF VIRGINIA THE FOLLOWING–NAMED CAREER MEMBERS OF THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PROMOTION WITHIN THE SENIOR FOREIGN SERVICE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, CLASS OF CAREER MINISTER: JOHN R. BASS II, OF VIRGINIA JOHN D. FEELEY, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA JUDITH G. GARBER, OF VIRGINIA SUNG Y. KIM, OF VIRGINIA 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate November 1, 2017: 
THE JUDICIARY  
JOAN LOUISE LARSEN, OF MICHIGAN, TO BE UNITED STATES CIRCUIT JUDGE FOR THE SIXTH CIRCUIT. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A01NO6.018 S01NOPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1475 November 1, 2017 
RECOGNIZING THE AMERICAN MU-SEUM OF TORT LAW’S SECOND ANNIVERSARY 
HON. JOHN B. LARSON 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the American Mu-seum of Tort Law, located in Winsted, CT, which celebrated its second anniversary on September 25, 2017. In honor of its history and continued importance as a national edu-cational institution, I would like to commemo-rate the museum and celebrate this milestone. Since its founding by Ralph Nader, the American Museum of Tort Law has attracted national acclaim from media outlets including Politico, the New Yorker, the Boston Globe and the Washington Post. Its vital importance to our citizenry has been recognized by former Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor. Thousands of people have attended the mu-seum and have come away educated, enter-tained, and impressed by its presentation. The mission of this unique institution is to educate, inform, and inspire Americans about their legal system, with a focus on the right of trial by jury and the benefits of tort law. Through school group visits, self-guided tours, quality curated programing, and its website, the museum has shown true dedication to-wards the fostering of greater civic knowledge and awareness. Moving forward, the museum has an ambi-tious plan to expand, including not just on-site operations, but broadening its reach by trav-eling across the country and becoming a re-source for practitioners, judges, and legal scholars. I have thoroughly enjoyed the opportunity to personally visit the American Museum of Tort Law. As a former history teacher, I can attest to the tremendous value this museum pro-vides through the details and historical context that brings to life the law and justice. Tort law has improved the lives of so many and this museum tells that story. I am proud to have such an exciting and im-portant institution located in my district. Con-gratulations to the American Museum of Tort Law on celebrating its second anniversary. May it continue to educate and inspire for gen-erations to come. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF LTC JOSEPH M
CGRATH AND HIS INDUCTION INTO THE WISCONSIN MILITARY ACADEMY HALL OF FAME 
HON. MIKE GALLAGHER 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. GALLAGHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize LTC Joseph McGrath for his induction into the Wisconsin Military Academy Hall of Fame. LTC McGrath’s long and distinguished career is highlighted by the numerous accolades and successes he achieved during his service in the United States Army and Wisconsin Army National Guard. LTC McGrath has been an integral factor in protecting America’s security interests here at home, while also spreading peace around the world. Following the tragic events of Sep-tember 11, 2001, LTC McGrath deployed to Nicaragua to help ensure the security of the Nicaraguan President and establish the future success of the joint Wisconsin-Nicaragua part-nership. In 2004, LTC McGrath was deployed to Af-ghanistan to direct operations in support of the Kandak ETT comprised of American and Coa-lition partners. LTC McGrath was also instru-mental in providing direct liaison with the UN Ballot Counting teams, while also coordinating physical security for the provincial ballot col-lection compound during the Afghan Presi-dential election. Upon his return to the United States, LTC McGrath’s leadership led to the creation of the Warrant Officer Candidate School at the 426th Regiment, a fiscally responsible move that brought greater strength and security to Wis-consin. LTC McGrath received the Bronze Star, among many other awards, for his honorable service and dedication to our country. LTC McGrath’s commitment and courage have left a profound impact on the men and women he led and served with across the world, as well as continued security of our great nation. Mr. Speaker, I urge all members of this body to join me in commending LTC Joseph McGrath for his dedicated military service and congratulate his induction into the Wisconsin Military Academy Hall of Fame. f 
TRIBUTE TO THE SOUTHEAST POLK WRESTLING TEAM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Southeast Polk Wrestling team for winning the Iowa High School 3A State Wrestling Team Championship and the Class 3A State Wres-tling Dual Championship. I would like to congratulate each member of the team: Wrestlers: Mark Ames, Cam Baarda, Gavin Babcock, Zach Barnes, Josh Barron, Levi Brand, Thaddeus Breitsprecker, Adam Brown, Gabe Christenson, Cade DeVos, Grant Dishinger, Devin Harmison, Nate Lendt, Gauge Perrien, Nathan Robillard, Joe Row-land, Sawyer Shaw, Ryan Strickland, Brady Wenner, Cody Wonderlich Head Coach: Jason Christenson Coaches: Jessman Smith, Jeff Evans, Jake Helvey, Jesse Smith, Eric Morrow, Pat Wilson, Tom Koch, Jeremy Dove, Grant Schmidt Mr. Speaker, by winning two championships at this year’s state tournament, this team and their coaches demonstrates the rewards of hard work, commitment, and determination. I am honored to represent each of them in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize them today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them for competing in this rigorous competi-tion and wishing them all nothing but contin-ued success. f 
2017 WOMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD WINNER—BARBARA BECKWORTH 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Barbara Beckworth, a community activist in Dixon, California, and small busi-ness owner with a heart of service and a strong desire to help others. She has been in-volved in nearly every organization and club in the Dixon area and has served in many lead-ership roles. Barbara’s commitment and love for her community as a leader is reflected by her in-volvement in several committees and organi-zations. She was past Chair and Member of the Governmental Affairs Committee where she continues to moderate the candidate’s fo-rums, she sits on several scholarship commit-tees for the students at Dixon High School, and she’s also served as past president for the Dixon Chamber of Commerce and Dixon Downtown Business Association. Her desire to make Dixon a better place didn’t stop there. She also is past president of Lambtown USA and is involved every year in the annual Dixon May Fair Parade. Barbara is a true civic leader. There are many words to describe Barbara: graceful, el-egant, beautiful, but most of all she is simply the nicest person one would ever meet. She was honored with the Dixon Citizen of the Year in 1989 and is considered an icon in Dixon who is loved by all who know her. Bar-bara is also known for her beloved dress shop that was in Downtown Dixon for many years. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO RDG PLANNING & DESIGN 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate RDG Planning & Design of Des Moines, Iowa for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01NO8.001 E01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1476 November 1, 2017 
being named one of the 2016 Businesses of the Year at the Des Moines East and South Chamber of Commerce Annual Dinner and Awards Ceremony earlier this year. The Business of the Year award celebrates a local business that is dedicated to serving their community. RDG Planning and Design has helped to design numerous buildings, landscapes and interiors across the Midwest, but the company’s dedication extends beyond their office walls. Their employees help em-body one of the company’s core principles of giving back to the community. From schools to churches, neighborhood associations to char-ities and non-profits, you’ll find RDG employ-ees devoting their time to making their com-munities a better place to live. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to represent Iowa businesses like RDG Planning and De-sign in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize them today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratu-lating them for this outstanding recognition and in wishing them all nothing but continued success. 
f 
2017 WOMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD WINNER—BARBARA COTTER 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Barbara (Babs) Cotter of Yuba City, California, who exemplifies the qualities of selfless service and possesses a deep de-sire to help others in the community. Barbara Cotter, a retired educator dedicated her entire career doing what she loved best; making a difference in the lives of elementary school children. Her career spanned over a period of 38 years; 33 in the Yuba City Unified School District. As an elementary school teacher, she was inspiring, beloved, and re-vered by her students and fellow teachers alike. In 1986, after surviving a life threatening medical diagnosis, she had an overwhelming desire to give back to a community that helped her through her recovery. She became a Reach to Recover coordinator, and eventu-ally a board member for the American Cancer Society. Barbara’s heart of service didn’t stop there, she also volunteered for the Community Memorial Museum of Sutter County, the State Convention Planning Board for Philanthropic Educational Organization, Middle Mountain Foundation, and Girls on the Run. In 2009, Barbara Cotter was honored with the Caroline S. Ringler Perpetual Service Award for outstanding service to the Museum and has been appointed to a lifetime position on the Museum Commission. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for Roll Call vote 591 on Tuesday, October 31, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call vote 591. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MASTER SERGEANT PAUL CONTRERAS 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I, along with my colleague Representative R
OBERT  W
ITTMAN , rise today to recognize the twenty- five years that Master Sergeant Paul Contreras has served in the United States Ma-rine Corps. MSgt Contreras is a true patriot who has significantly contributed to the de-fense of our Nation. He enlisted in the Marine Corps in April, 1992 and was assigned to Re-cruit Training Center, San Diego, CA. He sub-sequently attended Marine Combat Training before being transferred to Marine Corps Lo-gistics Base, Albany, GA where he trained as a Packaging Specialist. Lance Corporal Contreras’ first assignment was to Supply Company, 1st Supply Battalion, 1st Service Support Group, Camp Pendleton, CA. Within his first month of this assignment, LCpl Contreras volunteered to deploy in support of OPERATION RESTORE HOPE in Mogadishu, Somalia. Upon completion of this deployment, he was selected to attend Marine Security Guard training, transferring to Marine Security Guard Battalion, Quantico, VA. Upon gradua-tion from this rigorous course, LCpl Contreras’ first assignment was to U.S. Embassy Abidjan, Ivory Coast. In July 1995 Cpl Contreras was transferred to U.S. Embassy Santiago, Chile for his second post. Upon departure from Chile, Sergeant Contreras served with 1st Supply Battalion until early 1998 when he began the process of applying for the Marine Corps’ Counterintel-ligence/Human Intelligence (CI/HUMINT) occu-pational specialty. Staff Sergeant Contreras was competitively selected to train as a CI/ HUMINT Marine, attending school from Janu-ary to June, 1999. SSgt Contreras’ first as-signment was with 1st CI/HUMINT Company where he served until being selected to deploy with the 13th Marine Expeditionary Unit. Dur-ing this deployment, SSgt Contreras partici-pated in recovery efforts following the bombing of the USS Cole in Aden, Yemen. In 2000, SSgt Contreras returned to 1st CI/HUMINT Company where he served until June, 2001 before being reassigned to 2nd CI/HUMINT Company, Camp Lejeune, NC. During this as-signment, SSgt Contreras supported various exercises including BATTLE GRIFFIN in 2002, and deployed in support of combat operations to Kabul, Afghanistan in 2002 and Babil, Iraq in 2004. In 2006, Gunnery Sergeant Contreras com-pleted his active service to pursue a civilian career but remained committed to the Marine Corps, joining the Select Marine Corps Re-serve later that year. His first reserve assign-ment was with the Marine Forces Pacific G2X office. From 2006 to 2008 Master Sergeant Contreras supported exercises and operational requirements for Marine Forces Pacific. During this same time, MSgt Contreras was a part owner of a small defense contracting company dedicated to the further development and training of Department of Defense CI/HUMINT professionals prior to their deployments into Iraq and Afghanistan. In the fall of 2008, Mas-ter Sergeant Contreras returned to the CI/ HUMINT school to provide support to the training staff. His next assignment in March 2009 was with Marine Forces Command G2X office. Due to his excellent reputation, MSgt Contreras was requested by name to mobilize with Marine Forces Europe from November 2011 until August 2013 where he served as Counterintelligence Operations Chief. He re-turned to the United States for assignment to Intelligence Support Battalion, Marine Forces Reserve in Quantico, VA. In his civilian career, MSgt Contreras also joined the Defense Intel-ligence Agency’s Counterespionage Division. He remained on Marine Reserve duty with Bravo Company until November 2014, upon which time he transferred to Individual Ready Reserve Status intending to retire. Recog-nizing the immeasurable contribution that MSgt Contreras had made to the CI/HUMINT profession, the senior leadership of Intel-ligence Support Battalion compelled MSgt Contreras to consider withdrawing his retire-ment request in order to serve one final tour with the Battalion and in February 2016 MSgt Contreras returned to Bravo Company. He subsequently participated in a US Army exer-cise at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and served as both Company CI/HUMINT Chief and Sen-ior Enlisted Advisor until his retirement in No-vember of 2017. During this same time, MSgt Contreras was hired by the Marine Corps In-telligence Activity in the Office of the Counter-intelligence Coordinating Authority where he is able to continue to support his beloved Corps by influencing the development and direction of counterintelligence activities for the Marine Corps into the future. Mr. Speaker, few can match the dedication and Esprit de Corps that Paul Contreras has displayed over his twenty-five years of service to Corps and country. We wish Paul continued success in his future endeavors. Many thanks to Master Sergeant Contreras. Our Nation has benefited from his outstanding leadership. 
f 
2017 WOMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD WINNER—BALJINDER DHILLON 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Baljinder Dhillon of Yuba City, California, who has dedicated her life to edu-cation. She currently serves as the Sutter County Superintendent of Schools. Her career began as a fifth-grade teacher at Tierra Buena Elementary School in the Yuba City Unified School District. After earning her master’s de-gree she moved into administration, serving as the assistant principal at Tierra Buena and Barry elementary schools. She later became the principal at Rio Del Oro Elementary in the Plumas Lake Elementary School District. Dr. Dhillon is dedicated to finding ways to fund programs that benefit teachers, staff and students. She is credited with authorizing cost- saving measures for the Sutter County Super-intendent of Schools office by becoming more energy efficient, she’s authored proposals to fund the California Classified School Em-ployee Teacher Credentialing Grant and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01NO8.002 E01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1477 November 1, 2017 
partnered with the four county offices for the California Collaborative for Educational Excel-lence Early Adopter Grant application. Dr. Dhillon received her Bachelor of Arts de-gree, Masters of Education degree in Edu-cation leadership and a Doctorate of Edu-cation from California State University, Sac-ramento. She was recognized by the Cali-fornia Superintendents Educational Services Association as Spotlight Leader for November 2016. Dr. Dhillon was also honored for her dedication and commitment by the Sikh Tem-ple Gurdwara of Yuba City at their 37th An-nual Nagar Kirtan Sikh Parade. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO WILMA HUGHES 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Wilma Hughes of Bedford, Iowa for being named the Lioness of the Year by the Bedford Iowa Lion-ess Club. Wilma has been an active member of her community for many years. She is a dedicated church member, helping with bereavement dinners, folding newsletters, Friday night din-ner preparations, playing for Sunday services and she’s active on church committees. On top of that, she also bakes pies for the Amer-ican Legion bingo night and volunteers with the Taylor County Fair Booth each year. She worked alongside her husband, Glen, for 48 years at their family farm and raised three chil-dren. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to represent community leaders like Wilma in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize her today. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating her for this outstanding recognition and in wishing her nothing but the best. 
f 
2017 WOMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD WINNER—ANNA EATON 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Anna Eaton of Vacaville, CA, who exemplifies the qualities of selfless serv-ice and possesses a passion for serving our youth. Since 2013, Anna has distinguished herself as the Executive Director of the Vacaville Neighborhood Boys & Girls Club where she helps provide a safe and caring place for youth to learn and grow. During her tenure, she has expanded the program to five sites and significantly enhanced the club’s focus on support and mentorship of the mem-bers as they are prepared for future life suc-cess. Ms. Eaton was also founder of Starbound Theatre, a recreation based youth program, helping to bring the joyful experience of the-atre to the at-risk and diverse youth of Fair-field, Vacaville, American Canyon, Dixon, and Napa. Ms. Eaton also serves in shaping stra-tegic groups within Vacaville Unified School District to address future programs and cur-riculum, as well as be the catalyst for three youth summits for teens in the Will C. Wood Interact Club. Anna also serves on the Board of Directors for the Vacaville Rotary Club as the Youth Services Director and advisor to the Will C. Wood High School Interact Club. Anna was born in Vietnam and came to America as a young child with her family as they escaped from Saigon as the United States Forces withdrew. She is a proud moth-er of four and proud American who dedicates her life to giving back to the country that has afforded her so many opportunities. ‘‘Life is more meaningful when we evolve into a pur-pose greater than ourselves.’’ f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRUCE WESTERMAN 
OF ARKANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidable detained and had to miss the vote on H.R. 2521, South Carolina Peanut Parity Act. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call No. 591. 
f 
2017 WOMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD WINNER—BARBARA GRAHAM 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mrs. Barbara Graham of Vacaville, California, who exemplifies the qualities of selfless service and boundless giv-ing of herself to the betterment of others. A woman of great faith, Barbara has been a pil-lar of the Vacaville community for many years. In the late 80’s, she with husband and co-pas-tor, Willie Graham, founded the Christian Body Life Church in Vacaville where she serves and has served as Sunday School Teacher, Preacher, Choir member, Head of the Wom-en’s Department, and servant to any needy family of the congregation. In 1999, Mrs. Graham answered the call to assist the Vacaville Police Department in es-tablishing resource for victims of domestic vio-lence. This program provides food, clothing, counseling, and many other free referral serv-ices in collaboration with city and county serv-ices. Since 2013, Barbara has also served as the Chapel Coordinator for David Grant Med-ical Center at Travis Air Force Base where she oversees hospitality and all aspects of daily operation and church services. Barbara is a Board Member of Safe Quest Solano, a domestic violence shelter for women and their children, and was also integral to es-tablishing the Supervised Visiting Care Pro-gram in collaboration with the Solano County Courts to provide safe spaces for troubled families to have visitations and promote posi-tive joint custody child exchanges. HONORING STAFF SERGEANT RUFUS HONEYCUTT, USMC HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Staff Sergeant Rufus Honeycutt, USMC, for his dedication and com-mitment to our country. SSG Honeycutt’s ex-traordinary devotion to community and service reflects the best values of Central Texas. He is a fitting and worthy recipient of a Congres-sional Veteran Commendation. SSG Honeycutt enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 1960, and spent six years proudly defending his country. His military ca-reer included wartime deployment with the first combat unit to see action in Vietnam and earned him numerous awards and medals in-cluding the Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal for Vietnam Service. Following his military career, Rufus has served those around him with boundless altru-ism and exemplary leadership. A profoundly respected pillar of the Round Rock commu-nity, SSG Honeycutt has dedicated his time to numerous community organizations, including six years of service on the Round Rock City Council. He continues to support fellow vet-erans by providing transportation to the VA, working as the Blood Drive Coordinator at Ft. Hood, and much more. He has volunteered countless hours in his community, and has consistently placed his neighbors’ needs be-fore his own. For these reasons and many more, his community carne together in 2002 to honor Rufus Honeycutt as Round Rock Citizen of the Year. SSG Honeycutt is a hero who has devoted his life to defending our freedoms abroad and serving his community at home. Dedicated public servants like him make Central Texas a great place to live. I join his family and friends in saluting his honored work and commitment to our country. 
f 
2017 WOMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD WINNER—BECKY MARIGO 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Becky Marigo of Davis, Cali-fornia, who is committed to serving her com-munity and has a clear passion for helping those who are truly in need. Through her work as a program supervisor and case manager at Davis Community Meals and Housing, Ms. Marigo helps homeless individuals find perma-nent housing. She coordinates with govern-ment agencies, private businesses, and chari-table organizations in order to provide re-sources and opportunities to homeless individ-uals in her community. Her work has helped many individuals to move beyond homeless-ness and find work providing for themselves. In Ms. Marigo’s work with Davis Community Meals and Housing, she not only addresses the need of a whole community, she also works to ensure that she meets the needs of the individual. With every person she serves, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01NO8.005 E01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1478 November 1, 2017 
Ms. Marigo treats them with dignity, compas-sion, and respect. She has a talent for con-necting with isolated individuals and helping them find comfort in their community. Once Ms. Marigo makes a connection with some-one, she sees them through to success, en-suring that they have support every step of the way. Ms. Marigo’s work helping those in need is a great inspiration and exemplifies what it means to serve your community. 
f 
HONORING DEE BRADEN 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dee Braden for her service to the senior citizens of Coles County, Illinois. On December 31, 2017, Dee will be retiring from the Coles County Council on Aging (CCCA) after 41 years of service. Dee began her career at the CCCA as a Volunteer Re-cruiter and was soon promoted to the organi-zation’s Executive Director. Under Dee’s lead-ership the (CCA was awarded three Illinois Governor Awards for Unique Distinction, one of which came after ten years of research, de-velopment, and fundraising that led to the con-struction of the 25,000 square foot LifeSpan Center in Charleston, Illinois. I have worked with Dee and the LifeSpan Center staff on several occasions to provide information to my constituents. Dee has al-ways been most helpful and professional. It is clear she loves those she serves at LifeSpan and loves her community. While serving as the CCCA’s Executive Di-rector, Dee simultaneously served her commu-nity and its seniors in many other capacities by serving on multiple advisory boards and committees. Dee has been a true champion in her efforts to enhance the quality of life for older adults in her community. Mr. Speaker, I wish Dee nothing but the best in her retirement and thank her for her many years of dedicated service. 
f 
A LIFE WELL-LOVED IS A LIFE WELL LIVED 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Albert O. Orta for his selfless service to our nation. Albert Orta’s extensive career began in 1947 after completion of his entry level train-ing at Lackland Air Force Base as a member of the United States Air Force. There, he tracked and noted weather cycles. Soon there-after, he was promoted to work on the base’s radar and communication equipment as an electronics technician. After his service with the United States Air Force, Mr. Orta continued to serve his country as an engineer with the United States Depart-ment of Defense at Lackland Air Force Base. His talents for engineering were well recog-nized and his responsibilities increased. Early in his career, he found himself traveling to well over fifty countries briefing Commanding Gen-erals and U.S Embassy Ambassadors on communicative data and command post instal-lation projects on behalf of the United States Military. His missions took him to Europe, the Philippines, Indo-China and to countries in Af-rica and South America, just to name a few. Mr. Orta also worked on military aircraft as a radar engineer and found himself assisting on the improvements and installation of radar systems in the early B series military aircraft: B29, B36, B47 and B52. Mr. Orta’s work was so noted as a leader and accomplished engi-neer that he was assigned to equipping and testing radar systems in the early F series military aircraft: F84, F86A, F89, F102 and F106. His proud accomplishment was his role as the lead engineer in the development and installation of new radar technology for the United States Air Force’s F102 Delta Dagger, a $6 million project at the time of his assign-ment. Mr. Orta’s outstanding accomplishments and his willingness to serve our nation faithfully and to the best of his abilities in all positions was recognized by President Jimmy Carter and a host of Generals and Ambassadors ac-knowledging his incredible service to our na-tion through his work with the U.S. Depart-ment of Defense. Albert Orta and Mary Louise Guerrero mar-ried in June of 1949 and are blessed with 12 children, 31 grandchildren, and 29 great- grandchildren. Throughout his career and trav-els he recognized that sharing stories of his travels were important life lessons. There is no greater devotion of a father who returned home from a mission to share the experiences he encountered of a different life, different cul-ture and hardships to emphasize the impor-tance of hard work, the importance of quality education, to learn to be resilient and to ap-preciate the freedoms we enjoy today. He stands proud that his children and grand-children are successful in their own profes-sional careers; some educators, leaders in the private industries, medical field, financial advi-sors, some with a heart for public service and some who proudly served our country in the military. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in honoring Albert O. Orta for his dis-tinguished career and his proud service to our country; and to Mary Louise Orta for her serv-ice in standing alongside her husband, sup-porting him and their family throughout his missions. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JOHN ANDERSON 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate John An-derson of Minburn, Iowa, who, along with his cousin, Andy Anderson of Cedar Falls, Iowa, became the first Iowans to climb to the summit of Mount Everest on the North Face. John and Andy have been climbing and hik-ing for over 10 years. When they decided to tackle the largest mountain in the world over a year ago, they began their training between heavy work schedules, preparing their bodies and minds for the physical and mental chal-lenges such a climb presents. On the after-noon of May 21, all of their preparation paid off when they announced on their Facebook page that they had reached an elevation of 29,052 feet, the summit of Mt. Everest. Along-side the goal of just conquering the tallest mountain in the world, the cousins also used the opportunity to help raise awareness for veterans with PTSD. They plan to use the net-work they built in promoting this climb to help veterans and their families learn to use out-door activities to help manage stress. Mr. Speaker, I am immensely proud of John and his cousin Andy for conquering the largest mountain in the world. I am honored to rep-resent them in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize them today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating John and Andy for this out-standing accomplishment and in wishing them both nothing but continued success. f 
2017 WOMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD WINNER—BRYNDA STRANIX 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Brynda Stranix of Yuba City, Cali-fornia, a pillar of the community who exempli-fies the qualities of a true public servant. She is a proven leader who embodies a passion to help others. Brynda currently serves as Presi-dent and Chief Operating Officer of the Yuba- Sutter Economic Development Corporation. Brynda’s passion to help the community thrive is reflected in her present and previous work experience in the field of economics. She joined the Yuba-Sutter Economic Development Corporation (YSEDC) in 2001 with 22 years of experience in administrative management, ac-counting and public relations. Since joining YSEDC, Brynda has worked tirelessly with local businesses as well as public and private community leaders to identify ways to improve and expand business in the area. Brynda takes great pride in her community; she currently serves in eleven officer roles on boards and commissions for economic devel-opment, and is a member of twenty-nine var-ious advisory committees who deal with critical issues from healthcare to homelessness and women’s issues. When Brynda is not busy at-tending a meeting, you will always find her at-tending a community event. Brynda was presented with the 2016 Athena Leadership Award for achieving the highest level of professional excellence for her con-tributions in improving the quality of life for others, especially women, in realizing their full potential. Brynda was born and raised in Yuba City and takes pride in raising three delightful grandsons. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO8.008 E01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1479 November 1, 2017 
HONORING IOANNIS IOANNOPOULOS 
HON. GUS M. BILIRAKIS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the important mark that Ioannis Ioannopoulos had on American society, as the original founder of one of the oldest known wooden school houses in the country. In order to fully understand the cultural motivation to establish this historic treasure, one must ex-amine Ioannopoulos’s early life. A carpenter by trade, Ioannis Ioannopoulos was the son of George and Maria-Canelas and hailed from the Petalidi area in Messinia that was then known as ‘‘Koroni’’ (the village of Skoutari, Mani). He was known by the Spanish as Juan Genopoly. Ioannopoulos—at the age of 13— was one of a group of indentured laborers brought to the New World by Andrew Turnbull to work an indigo plantation at New Smyrna. This group of 1,403 Minorcans, Greeks and Italians suffered mistreatment, starvation and overextended servitudes at Turnbull’s planta-tion. The people were reduced to slavery, and treated with great cruelty by Trumbull, whose partner in the enterprise was the English Gov-ernor of the territory, who kept the colonists in subjection with English troops. This slavery lasted nine years, during which time nearly two-thirds of these colonists perished; but large crops of indigo were raised for the com-pany—one year 30,000 lbs. it is stated. In 1776, a new Governor having arrived, the petitions of these people for relief were lis-tened to, and they were released from the tyr-anny of their master. One year later six hun-dred refugees, led by Ioannis Ioannopoulos, Francisco Pellicer and Antonio Llambias, walked to St Augustine and were granted asy-lum by Governor Tonyn. They became the largest group of immigrants to settle in Amer-ica in one group at one time. Collectively called ‘‘Minorcans’’, they were an important part of the fabric of St. Augustine history. It was on Saint George Street where the sur-vivors of the New Smyrna Colony first settled after their escape. Since that time, this area of Old St. Augustine has been called ‘‘the Greek Quarter’’ and alternately ‘‘the Minorcan Quar-ter.’’ Ioannis Giannopoulos built a little house out of red cedar and cypress and put it together with wooden pegs and handmade nails, some-time around 1800. This building was a home first but, as early as 1811, members of the Genopoly family taught the children of other Minorcan families in the first floor ‘‘school-room’’ of this building. As the story goes, Genopoly, in typical Greek fashion, was wor-ried his children would grow up without an education. Genopoly and his daughter Maria Manuela Barbara ‘‘Mary’’ Genopoly Darling were the first teachers. Then Genopoly hired a school teacher, and generations of children from St. Augustine went to school in this build-ing. Juan Genopoly died in 1820. Today, this preserved building is recognized as one of the oldest schoolhouses in North America. It has become the symbol of their hard work and perseverance. It’s now the main attraction of the historical precinct in St. George Street, Saint Augustine, Florida. John Giannopoulos left a deep imprint in the edu-cational history of St. Augustine by estab-lishing a school in his house. Now restored, it stands as one of the oldest school buildings in the United States. 
f 
2017 WOMAN OF THE YEAR AWARD WINNER—AMANDA WALSH 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Amanda Walsh of Davis, California, who embodies the values of a great teacher, educator, and mentor, and displays unparalleled dedication to her work. For Ms. Walsh, teaching is not just a job, but a calling. As an educator at Pioneer Elementary school, she has a positive and lasting impact on the children she teaches every day. Ms. Walsh is dedicated to the overall wellbeing of all stu-dents, ensuring that they are safe, fed, and taken care of. She can frequently be found working late to keep parents up to date and involved in their children’s education. Beyond her work in the classroom, Ms. Walsh finds many ways to serve her commu-nity. Over the years, she has been actively in-volved with the Parent Teacher Association and coordinated fundraising efforts for local schools. Ms. Walsh has volunteered her time for the Davis Little League and Davis Legacy Soccer Club. A mother of three boys, Amanda is always busy, staying involved in her sons’ education, music, and sports activities. Between her roles as a mother and a teacher, Amanda is dedi-cated to the wellbeing and success of chil-dren. 
f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL PATRICK J. CHRIST, U.S. ARMY (RETIRED) 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lieutenant Colonel Patrick J. Christ, U.S. Army, Retired, from Harker Heights, Texas, for his dedication to our coun-try while serving over two decades in the Army. LTC Christ exemplifies what it means to commit his life to his country and community; he is a deserving recipient of a Congressional Veteran Commendation. LTC Christ has shown sincere dedication throughout his 23 years in the Army. His com-mitment to serving his country can be seen through his extensive list of medals, including the Southwest Asia Service Medal and the Vietnam Service Medal. In addition to his su-perb work defending our nation, LTC Christ held important leadership positions in the Mili-tary Officers Association of America and the Association of the United States Army. After retiring from the U.S. Army in 1992, LTC Christ continued to dedicate his time to worthy causes. He has served as a city coun-cil member in the city of Harker Heights, on the Board of Directors for Hill Country Transit, and the Chamber of Commerce. LTC Christ lives a life dedicated to other veterans in his area by working closely with the Area Vet-erans Advisory Committee and by founding the Harker Heights Veterans’ Council. LTC Christ is thoroughly involved in many sports organizations in his area, namely the Tri- County Soccer Club and the T.J. Zimmerman Soccer Tournament which he holds leadership positions in, as well as many other soccer as-sociations. LTC Christ has logged hundreds of volunteer hours in many organizations, includ-ing as Admiral of the Texas Navy for Governor Rick Perry. Community activists like him make Central Texas a great place to live and work. I commend LTC Christ for his service to his community and country. I join his family and friends in saluting his dedication to our coun-try, and being an embodiment of Central Texas values. f 
TRIBUTE TO NEWARK BETH ISRAEL MEDICAL CENTER FOR PERFORMING ITS 1,000TH HEART TRANSPLANT 
HON. DONALD M. PAYNE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask my col-leagues to join me as I rise to pay tribute to the Heart Failure Treatment and Transplant program at Newark Beth Israel Medical Center for performing its 1,000th heart transplant. Founded in 1901, Newark Beth Israel Med-ical Center is a regional care, teaching hos-pital that provides comprehensive health care services to local communities. Beth Israel is an important referral and treatment center for patients throughout northern New Jersey, and it is one of only two hospitals certified to per-form heart transplants in the state. Staffed with more than 800 physicians, 3,200 employ-ees, and 150 volunteers, the hospital serves over 3 million patients each year. Newark Beth Israel Medical Center has long been a leader in cardiac care. It performed the first heart transplant in New Jersey in 1986. It was the first New Jersey hospital to use extracorporeal membrane oxygenation for ba-bies awaiting transplants, and it pioneered the use of Left Ventricular Assist Devices for heart-transplant patients. In August, Beth Israel’s Heart Failure Treat-ment and Transplant Program performed its 1,000th heart transplant. Only eleven other centers in the United States have reached this milestone. Newark Beth Israel Medical Center deserves to be recognized for its achievement. I am proud and honored to have this medical center investing in the health care of my con-stituents and the citizens of the State of New Jersey. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO8.010 E01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1480 November 1, 2017 
HONORING THE RECIPIENTS OF THE 2017 ASIAN-AMERICAN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE EXCEL-LENCE AWARDS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Asian-American Chamber of Com-merce and the recipients of the 2017 Excel-lence Awards. The Asian-American Chamber of Commerce (AACC) is dedicated to improving economic development opportunities for Asian Pacific American-owned businesses in the Wash-ington, DC, region. Northern Virginia has a ro-bust international business community and is home to the largest concentration of minority- owned technology firms in the nation. The AACC and its members contribute greatly to our regional culture as well as to our economic strength and stability. In fact, Asian- American businesses generate more than 52 percent of total revenues generated by all mi-nority owned businesses in this region. In Fair-fax County, approximately 25,000 businesses are Asian-owned and generate approximately $9 billion in annual revenue, creating 54,000 jobs. Each year, the AACC recognizes individ-uals, businesses and non-profit organizations that have made extraordinary contributions to the Metropolitan Washington community and economy. I am pleased to include in the R
ECORD the names of the following recipients of the 2017 Excellence Awards: Member of the Year: Stephanie Shei. Business of the Year: University of North America, State Farm. Young Professional of the Year: Jhenileen Libongco. Citizen/Company of the Year: Jon Peterson, The Peterson Company. Non-Profit of the Year: AAPIVote. Asian-American Business Leader: Dr. James S.C. Chao, The Foremost Group. New Business of the Year: Logos Briosystems. Chamber Partner: Central Intelligence Agen-cy, Corner Media, MGM. Mentorship Award: Dr. Gary Jones, Youth for Tomorrow. Community Leader: Christina Chang, Chiling Tong. Entrepreneurship of the Year: Terry Hsaio, Hook Mobile, Inc. Chairman and President’s Award: Haiwen Mackleer, Capital Bank. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the recipients of the 2017 Excellence Awards and in commending the AACC for its work to support all Asian-Amer-ican owned businesses throughout our region. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL HOSPICE AND PALLIATIVE CARE MONTH AND WEST VIRGINIA CARING 
HON. DAVID B. McKINLEY 
OF WEST VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. M
CKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to November as being National Hospice and Palliative Care Month and to rec-ognize a passionate steward of a non-profit hospice—West Virginia Caring. Under the leadership of Ms. Malene Davis, West Virginia Caring’s hospice and palliative care has helped citizens in 12 counties re-ceive attentive and respectful care. As we consider the importance of compassionate and dignified care during one’s end of life, we must protect the fair and adequate compensation for non-profit hospice and palliative care pro-vider organizations. I continue to be vigilant of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Serv-ices as well as the intermediary contractors who review and recommend reimbursement rates on a case-by-case basis. For our fami-lies, friends and the American people, this is an important aspect of our healthcare respon-sibility. During this month, I call particular attention to the many physicians, nurses, caregivers and volunteers who offer invaluable patient service under the Medicare Hospice Benefit. I thank them for their skills and for their com-passionate care. f 
RECOGNIZING THE 50TH ANNIVER-SARY OF ANNANDALE CHRIS-TIAN COMMUNITY FOR ACTION 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Annandale Christian Community for Action (ACCA) on the occasion of its 50th an-niversary. In 1967, Fred and Emily Ruffing re-alized that there was a great need for childcare services for low-income and working poor families who did not qualify for sub-sidized daycare. They decided that they need-ed to take action to address this problem so they organized a meeting with representatives from eight local churches to set up a day care center and ACCA was born. Since 1967, ACCA has continued to grow not only in size but in the number of services provided. What began as a group of eight churches 50 years ago has grown to 26 mem-ber congregations. ACCA has also partnered with the Fairfax County Department of Neigh-borhood and Community Services (NCS) and its services and programs as well as the model of faith community and government partnership begun by ACCA has been rep-licated all throughout Fairfax County. ACCA gives back to the community in a va-riety of ways. The Child Development Center (CDC) provides both developmental childcare and early childhood education to over 200 tod-dlers, preschoolers and infants. The ACCA Pantry collects from churches, schools, com-munity groups and local businesses and deliv-ers food and other necessities on an emer-gency basis to area households. ACCA’s Emergency Assistance program handles finan-cial emergencies such as payment for rent, utilities, prescription drugs, and minor car re-pairs for low-income families who have few re-sources to fall back on in a time of crisis. The 26 partner ministries provide a safety net while the families recover stability. Fur-niture ministry volunteers collect and distribute gently used furniture to needy recipients, while volunteers from the Transportation ministry provide rides to medical appointments. Meals on Wheels volunteers deliver meals every weekday to elderly residents who cannot fend for themselves. ACCA volunteers also spend a Saturday in April repairing houses—more than 110 homes have been repaired or rehabili-tated since 1990. With the exception of the CDC, all of these services are provided by vol-unteers. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking the staff and volunteers of ACCA and in congratulating them on this incredible milestone. Civic engagement is the foundation of a healthy community, and Fairfax County residents enjoy an exceptional quality of life due in part to the efforts of these individuals. Their contributions have been a great benefit to our community and truly merit our highest praise. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, on Tues-day, October 31, I was unable to be in Wash-ington and missed Roll Call vote No. 591, To amend the Farm Security and Rural Invest-ment Act of 2002 to include South Carolina as a part of the Virginia/Carolina peanut pro-ducing region for purposes of appointment to the Peanut Standards Board. Had I been present, I would have voted yes. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MARY BETH COYA 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize someone who has had a profound im-pact on the Northern Virginia community, Ms. Mary Beth Coya. I have been proud to partner with Mary Beth on many issues of importance to the residents of Northern Virginia and the quality of life we enjoy, and I consider her a good friend. This year marks 30 years since Mary Beth Coya began her career with the Northern Virginia Association of Realtors (NVAR), beginning in 1987 as a Legislative Assistant. During her career, she has steadily advanced and currently serves as the Senior Vice President of Government and Public Af-fairs for NVAR. Prior to joining NVAR, Mary Beth began her career as a staff member with the Virginia House of Delegates Appropriations Committee in Richmond. From there she took her passion for advocacy to the private sector, where she lobbied at both the state and federal levels for a variety of associations and companies. Throughout her career, Mary Beth has used her knowledge and experience to advocate for policies that would improve the lives of the members of her community. This has perhaps most been felt in the area of transportation, where she serves as a member of the Board of Directors for the Northern Virginia Transpor-tation Alliance (NVTA), a business-citizen coa-lition focused on advancing highway and tran-sit projects of major importance to the region. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01NO8.013 E01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1481 November 1, 2017 
I have worked with Mary Beth and the NVTA on efforts to construct the Silver Line Metrorail extension and the establishment of the Virginia Railway Express commuter rail system. In fact, NVTA was the first private sector organization to call for a dedicated funding source for Metro, which is a goal that I share. Mary Beth’s career with NVAR and her role as a Board Member for the Northern Virginia Transportation Alliance are inextricably inter-twined. At NVAR, she has been an experi-enced and expert advocate for the advance-ment of major legislation in the Common-wealth of Virginia. She was instrumental in ob-taining dedicated regional and statewide trans-portation funding and has a passion for pro-tecting the real estate industry. Due to her strong relationships with elected leaders at all levels of government and her extensive histor-ical knowledge of the region, she has been an effective voice in ensuring that Northern Vir-ginia remains one of the best places in the country in which to live, work, play, and raise a family. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Mary Beth Coya on the occa-sion of her 30th Anniversary with the Northern Virginia Association of Realtors and in com-mending her for her dedication to the better-ment of our region. I am pleased to have had the opportunity to partner with her and NVAR on numerous issues and I look forward to con-tinuing to work with her going forward. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DEIDRE DEJEAR 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Deidre DeJear on being named the Iowa Small Busi-ness Administration Minority Business Cham-pion of the Year. Each year, during National Small Business Week, the Iowa Small Business Administration announces winners of the Iowa Small Busi-ness Week Awards. Deidre is the president of the business marketing company Caleo Enter-prises. She’s also a passionate advocate for low- to moderate-income individuals and fami-lies, helping to strengthen their financial op-portunities and knowledge. She led the United Way of Central Iowa’s Financial Capability project, where since 2012 over 20,000 people have gained access to financial systems and improved their financial management skills. Deidre has created several programs to pro-vide financial and business education in Cen-tral Iowa, among which three ‘‘boot camps’’ have seen 1,300 people come and learn about finances, business and non-profits. Mr. Speaker, strong communities are built upon people like Deidre, who go above and beyond their own self-interests and devote their time and energy to helping others. It is an honor to represent leaders like her in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize her today. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Deidre on this outstanding recognition and in wishing her nothing but continued success. RECOGNIZING EILEEN CURTIS HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an individual who has had a tre-mendous impact on Northern Virginia. Eileen Curtis, President and CEO of the Dulles Re-gional Chamber of Commerce, is retiring after leading the Chamber since 1994. During her tenure, the Dulles Chamber has established itself as one of the leading busi-ness advocacy groups in the region, adding to the quality of life for our residents in the Dulles Corridor and beyond. I have been proud to work with the Chamber on a host of issues, perhaps most significant being Rail to Dulles. The Chamber was instrumental in the founda-tion of the Dulles Corridor Rail Association, which helped lobby for federal funding which was eventually secured to help construct the Silver Line. The 23-mile long Silver Line has spurred major economic development along the Dulles Corridor and has been singled out by Fairfax County executives as one of the main reasons behind Fairfax County’s contin-ued economic success. In addition to Rail to Dulles, Eileen has worked with the Chamber to enhance the re-gion in other ways including advocating for STEM education in our schools, forging part-nerships with the business and education communities, creating greater opportunities for our immigrant community, and establishing new local festivals and events to bring the community together. These efforts are among the many reasons why Northern Virginia is routinely recognized as one of the best places in the United States in which to live, work, raise a family, and start a business. Eileen’s efforts have been drawn recognition from across the region. The Chamber’s efforts in education have been honored by Fairfax County Public Schools on multiple occasions and the Washington Business Journal rou-tinely lists the Dulles Chamber as being one of the largest in membership. Eileen herself has been recognized as Woman of the Year by the Herndon Business & Professional Women and as Executive of the Year by the Virginia Association of Chambers of Commerce Ex-ecutives. These accolades speak to the strength of Eileen as a leader and the dedica-tion that she has shown to our community. There can be no doubt of the positive impact that she has had on our community and our region is better for her efforts. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Eileen Curtis on her retire-ment and in thanking her for her outstanding service to Fairfax County and Northern Vir-ginia. While she may be retiring, I am con-fident that she will remain engaged on the issues that are close to her heart. I wish her great success in all her future endeavors. HONORING THE MEMORY OF FIRE-FIGHTER ROBERT ‘‘SKIPPY’’ TILEARCIO HON. PETER T. KING 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of longtime New York City Firefighter Robert ‘‘Skippy’’ Tilearcio, who passed away last Wednesday from a ma-lignant tumor resulting from his months of re-covery efforts at Ground Zero. Skip was a tireless advocate for the Zadroga 9/11 Healthcare Act. He came to Washington about six times to fight for its ex-tension in 2014 and 2015, even before he was diagnosed with a fatal tumor. I had the privi-lege of meeting Skip Tilearcio when he would make these painful trips to Congress. On his final visit Skip was confined to a wheelchair but his spirit was as strong as ever. Skip truly personified the courage of New York’s Brav-est. Skip Tilearcio was the 15th firefighter to die this year alone from a 9/11 related illness. Many more are sick and suffering from these dreaded 9/11 illnesses. But because of Skip Tilearcio’s heroic and successful effort to ex-tend the Zadroga Act, these brave first re-sponders will receive the very best medical care and treatment. My sincerest condolences go out to his wife Tina and his two children Tatiana and Robert. R.I.P. Firefighter Robert ‘‘Skip’’ Tilearcio. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DANIEL DUNCAN 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize my good friend Daniel (Dan) Duncan as he steps down after serving for 10 years as President of the Northern Virginia Labor Fed-eration, AFL–CIO (NoVA Labor.) As President of NoVA Labor, Dan led the largest labor council in the Commonwealth of Virginia and which represents nearly 70 unions and locals. In this role, he has been responsible for con-solidating the missions and concerns of the various unions and their members into one unified voice while ensuring that all opinions are heard and respected. Dan has dedicated his life to improving the lives of working families. He is committed to the mission of NoVA Labor which is to bring economic justice to the workplace and social justice to our communities. He learned these values from an early age—his grandfather was a shop steward at a shipyard in Cleveland, Ohio and his father was a rank and file Ma-chinist. Dan joined his first union, the Retail Clerks Union, in 1973 at the age of 17 while working for a grocery store in Tennessee. After graduating from the University of Chat-tanooga in 1978, Dan worked as a newspaper reporter. He later became director of the Fort Lauderdale senior employment program with the National Council of Senior Citizens (NCSC) which was formed in 1961 and evolved from the Senior Citizens for Kennedy organization. Working with the administration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01NO8.015 E01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1482 November 1, 2017 
of President John F. Kennedy, the NCSC was instrumental in rallying support for comprehen-sive health insurance for senior citizens. These efforts bore fruit when President Lyn-don B. Johnson signed Medicare into law in 1965. NCSC’s efforts were instrumental in passing this landmark legislation and the orga-nization, now known as the Alliance for Re-tired Americans continues its fight to protect and preserve Medicare and Social Security. Dan then accepted a position with the Sea-farers International Union where he has served for 30 years in various positions. For the last six years, Dan has held the position of Executive Secretary-Treasurer of the Mari-time Trades Department. In his roles with individual unions as well as with the Northeast Florida Central Labor Council, the Northern Virginia Central Labor Council, and the NoVA Labor Federation, Dan has worked tirelessly to advocate for working families and support state and federal legisla-tion that would even the playing field for the backbone of our society—the middle and lower class who deserve a fair wage for hon-est work and other employer related benefits. I have personally known Dan Duncan and his wife Karen for many years and have thor-oughly enjoyed our countless conversations and discussions on issues of importance. While we have on occasion disagreed, mainly on their terrible taste in baseball teams, but also occasionally on the best way to achieve a certain objective, we both know and under-stand that we share the same goals. These exchanges of ideas and opinions have been invaluable to both of us as we continue to rep-resent and serve our constituencies. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in commending Dan Duncan for his efforts on behalf of the working men and women of our country and in thanking him for his serv-ice. Although he is stepping down from his po-sition of President of NoVA Labor, I am con-fident that he will continue his efforts to strengthen and protect the rights and benefits of all and I wish him success in all of his fu-ture endeavors. 
f 
2017 DISTINGUISHED CITIZEN AWARD RECIPIENTS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect that I take this time to recognize the 2017 Distinguished Citizen Award recipi-ents, presented annually by the Boy Scouts of America Calumet Council. To commemorate this special occasion, the organization hosted a celebratory event on Thursday, November 2, 2017, at Gamba Ristorante in Merrillville, Indi-ana. Since 1992, the Boy Scouts of America Cal-umet Council has presented the Distinguished Citizen Award to individuals whose efforts have had significant positive impacts on their communities in Northwest Indiana and across the state. This year, the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica Calumet Council honored Tom Sourlis and Susan Eleuterio. Tom Sourlis is the founder and chairman of Mortar Net Solutions, located in Burns Harbor. Mortar Net, a product invented by Tom, pre-vents mortar droppings from clogging weepholes designed to allow water to exit a building wall. Mortar Net Solutions is a tre-mendously successful company, and the prod-uct is currently used on cavity wall construc-tion throughout North America. In addition to his remarkable career, Tom dedicates much of his time and support to charitable endeavors throughout Northwest Indiana including Tradewinds, the Crisis Center, Parents as Teachers, and the Porter County Community Foundation. For his outstanding devotion to such causes, Tom is worthy of this great honor. Susan Eleuterio is currently a faculty mem-ber of Goucher College’s Master’s in Cultural Sustainability program in Baltimore, Maryland. She has established an extensive and impres-sive background that consists of many titles including independent folklorist, author, educa-tor, activist, and consultant to non-profit orga-nizations. Sue’s extraordinary contributions to her community, however, are not limited to academia. She is active in her support for causes that improve the quality of life for oth-ers and encourage the protection of human rights, lending her time and talents to the Crossroads Fund. This organization, which is focused on the ideal that fundamental change occurs from humble, grassroots beginnings and supports efforts throughout Chicagoland and Northwest Indiana, benefits from the pas-sion for justice, equality, and the academic knowledge Sue offers as a member of the Board of Directors, as the arts and the human condition are often intertwined. For these rea-sons, Sue is worthy of the commendation be-stowed upon her. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and my other distinguished colleagues join me in honoring the Boy Scouts of America Calumet Council and its 2017 Distinguished Citizen Award re-cipients, Tom Sourlis and Susan Eleuterio. For their lifetime of leadership and tireless dedica-tion to their communities, Tom and Susan are worthy of the highest praise. f 
RECOGNIZING ELLUCIAN OF RES-TON, VIRGINIA ON ITS GRAND OPENING 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ellucian on the occasion of the grand opening of its new office space in Res-ton, Virginia. Based in Fairfax County since 1987, the opening of this new headquarters lo-cation speaks to the growing presence of technology companies in not only Fairfax County, but the Dulles Corridor as a whole. We are continually reminded of why this area is rapidly developing a reputation as the Sil-icon Valley of the East. Established in 2012 by the merger of Datatel and SunGard Higher Education, Ellucian and its parent companies have been serving the higher education community since 1968. What began as a single office has ex-panded into 20 regional offices employing over 2,900 individuals all over the world. As a former member and Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, I know firsthand that the quality of life we enjoy in Fairfax County is directly tied to the strength of our education system. This is especially true when it comes to higher education. Pro-viding the gateways for students to succeed is essential and I commend the staff of Ellucian for working to create and maintain those op-portunities. Mr. Speaker, to prepare the leaders of to-morrow, institutions of higher education must have the services, tools, and technologies to engage and foster student success. For nearly fifty years, Ellucian has provided support to these institutions in order for them to achieve their goals. It is critical that our nation focus our sight on improving student outcomes to better compete in the world economy and I thank Ellucian and its dedicated staff for their efforts in this area. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Ellucian on the grand opening of its new headquarters and in wish-ing it great success in all future endeavors. f 
HONORING LIEUTENANT COLONEL GERY BRENT TRUITT, U.S. ARMY (RETIRED) 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Lieutenant Colonel Gery Brent Truitt, U.S. Army Retired, of Harker Heights, Texas, for his dedication to our country while serving 25 years in the Army. LTC Truitt ex-emplifies what it means to commit his life to his country and has more than earned our ad-miration and respect. He is a deserving recipi-ent of a Congressional Veteran Commenda-tion. Upon his commissioning as a Second Lieu-tenant from Sam Houston State University in 1979, LTC Truitt began his military career as an Infantry Officer with the Texas National Guard and then entered the United States Army. As Lieutenant, he conducted more com-bat patrols inside the Korean demilitarized zone than any other officer in the 2nd Infantry Division, and as Major, he served in a variety of 5th Special Forces Group assignments. Just prior to being promoted to Lieutenant Colonel, he was diagnosed with terminal colon cancer, which he successfully overcame in the next year. LTC Truitt used that time to revive the Columbus State University ROTC Program as a professor in Military Science. This brave soldier is also a committed cit-izen. Following his military career, he contin-ued to support the military in the Central Texas Special Forces Association. As Presi-dent, he is responsible for an annual raffle that raises thousands of dollars annually to support homeless veterans’ programs and local non- profit organizations to meet immediate com-munity needs. His work to make his commu-nity a great place to live and work have made lasting and positive impacts on the region. I commend LTC Truitt’s selfless service to his community and nation. His dedication to our country and community reflects the best values of central Texas. I join his family and friends in saluting his great work and dedica-tion to our country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01NO8.017 E01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1483 November 1, 2017 
RECOGNIZING THE 60TH ANNIVER-SARY OF FAIRFAX WATER 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize Fairfax Water on the occasion of its 60th anniversary. There are few human needs more precious and more critical than access to fresh and safe drinking water. Indeed, we have seen what can happen when those needs are neglected, as the tragedy in Flint, Michigan reminds us. Prior to the creation of the Fairfax County Water Authority (now known as Fairfax Water), water was supplied to Fairfax County through many small, mostly private water systems, and a limited number of public systems. There was no standardiza-tion between systems and each system main-tained its own rate schedule and level of serv-ice. In order to improve service reliability, es-tablish equitable rates, and provide effective fire protection throughout Fairfax County, the Board of Supervisors created Fairfax Water in September 1957 for the purpose of ‘‘acquiring, constructing, operating and maintaining an in-tegrated water system for supplying and dis-tributing water.’’ The acquisition of water systems began in 1959 with the purchase of the Annandale Water Company. Over the next eight years, Fairfax Water acquired an additional 17 sys-tems and began to build a comprehensive water-supply system. By the end of 1967, Fairfax Water had 832 miles of mains, 3,354 fire hydrants, and 54,000 metered accounts serving more than 425,000 people. By 1982, that number had grown to more than 1,800 miles of mains, more than 10,300 fire hydrants and nearly 126,000 metered accounts serving more than 650,000 people. By 1994, it would reach more than 2,700 miles of water mains, more than 17,300 fire hydrants and more than 197,300 meters. Those numbers show a county undergoing tremendous growth in both population and ur-banization. The challenges associated with that are numerous and the temptation of pro-viding service while overlooking the quality of that service is real. However, Fairfax Water has never allowed itself to fall into that trap. Instead, it has approached every new chal-lenge with its mission in mind: providing safe, clean drinking water to Fairfax County resi-dents and ensuring that the County’s water supply is maintained. There have certainly been no shortage of challenges—from supply issues stemming from the use of a single source (the Occoquan River) to natural disas-ters to the threat of terrorism, Fairfax Water has risen to meet those challenges. Its work stands as testament to the strength and char-acter of the ethos of public service in our com-munity. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Phillip Allin, Charles Murray, the members of the Board of Directors and the entire staff of Fairfax Water. I thank them for their service to our community and for main-taining the proud legacy of this organization while adapting it to meet the challenges of the future. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. KEVIN YODER 
OF KANSAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call No. 591 on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 2521—the South Carolina Peanut Parity Act of 2017, I am not recorded because I was home in my district. Had I been present, I would have voted aye. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CAPITAL CHIRO-PRACTIC AND REHABILITATION CENTER 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Capital Chiropractic & Rehabilitation Center of Des Moines, Iowa for being named one of the 2016 Businesses of the Year at the Des Moines East and South Chamber of Com-merce Annual Dinner and Awards Ceremony earlier this year. The Business of the Year award celebrates a local business that is dedicated to serving their community. Since Dr. Chris LoRang launched Capital Chiropractic & Rehabilitation Center in 2013, it has won numerous awards for the service they provide in family and sports medicine to people of all ages. The clinic encourages employees to be active in the community, and you can find them in-volved in organizations around the area, in-cluding neighborhood associations, school foundations, chamber of commerce council’s and chiropractic societies. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to represent local businesses like Capital Chiropractic & Rehabilitation Center in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I rec-ognize them today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them for this out-standing recognition and in wishing them all nothing but continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 10TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE OAKTON LIBRARY 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the Oakton Library on the occasion of its 10th anniversary. This project represents the fulfillment of a promise I made to this com-munity more than a decade ago, during my time as both Providence District Supervisor and Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors. Working with engaged citizens, we identified a need for new meeting space as well as a new library in the Oakton community. But we didn’t stop there. We rolled up our sleeves and went to work. We worked with developers to secure the necessary land, with my col-leagues on the Board to secure and pass the necessary bond referendums and with the community to raise awareness and support for this necessary addition. These efforts bore fruit and in 2007 we celebrated the dedication of the new Oakton Library. Ten years later, the library stands as a pillar of the Oakton community and I am confident that it will con-tinue to serve that role for many more dec-ades to come. I wish to give special recognition to the members of the Friends of Oakton Library, who worked with myself and others side by side on every step of this project. Together, we guided what was once just a concept into a brick-and-mortar reality. We are incredibly fortunate in Fairfax Coun-ty to have such dedicated citizens, who go out of their way for the betterment of the lives of others. I have often said that local government is where the rubber meets the road. The level of accountability is absolute. You either solved the problem or you didn’t . . . and everyone knows where you live and has your phone number! My colleagues on the Board of Su-pervisors and I accomplished a lot together during my time in Fairfax County government, but the completion of the Oakton Library re-mains one of my proudest moments in local government. A testament to what can happen when like-minded individuals are willing to back up their words and desires with concrete, often unglamorous actions. The Oakton com-munity and indeed all of Fairfax County is bet-ter off today because people were willing to put in the work. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Friends of Oakton Library and the entire Oakton community on this im-portant anniversary. I commend them for their contributions to Fairfax County and wish them great success in all their future endeavors. I am confident that we will be observing many more anniversaries of this library still to come. f 
RETIREMENT OF MAYOR RAYMOND BODNAR 
HON. MICHAEL F. DOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a re-markable public servant from my district, Mayor Raymond G. Bodnar of Munhall, Penn-sylvania, who is retiring after 53 years of serv-ice to his community. Mr. Bodnar has been the Mayor of Munhall Borough for the last 30 years, but his service to his nation and community began long be-fore that. As a young man, he served in the Army during the Korean Conflict and was hon-orably discharged in 1955. In addition to work-ing for 40 years for the U.S. Steel Corporation, he served eight years as auditor of Munhall and another fifteen as a member and then President of the Munhall Borough Council. In 1987, he was elected mayor, a position which he has honorably filled for the last three dec-ades, and in which he has worked tirelessly to improve the Munhall community. During his career, Mayor Bodnar has sup-ported and secured funding for such important projects as developing the Munhall waterfront, revitalizing the town’s Main Street, modern-izing the police department, and introducing public safety and crime prevention programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01NO8.019 E01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1484 November 1, 2017 
Beyond his duties as a civil servant, he has also given back to his community in countless ways, including managing the youth Munhall Baseball League, organizing summer athletic programs, working with Boy Scouts, Girl Scouts, and church groups, and teaching local government to youth groups and schools. He is also a member of a number of community service organizations, including Knights of Co-lumbus No. 2201, the Catholic War Veterans Association, the Homestead Elks, and the Steel Valley Salvation Army Board ofDirectors. For more than 50 years, Raymond Bodnar has demonstrated wholehearted dedication to public service and community involvement, and I think that we can all learn something from his example. I wish to congratulate the mayor on his retirement and commend him for his lifetime of devotion to the Munhall commu-nity. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. TODD ROKITA 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote on October 31, 2017 as my flight to Washington D.C. was delayed and prevented me from being on the House floor in time. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 591. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 26TH ANNUAL BEST OF RESTON AWARDS FOR COMMUNITY SERVICE RECIPI-ENTS 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to rec-ognize the recipients of the 26th Annual Best of Reston Awards for Community Service. These awards are the result of collaboration between Cornerstones and the Greater Res-ton Chamber of Commerce and are presented to individuals, organizations, and businesses whose extraordinary efforts make our commu-nity a better place. I have been proud to represent this commu-nity since my days as Chairman of the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors. The level of civic engagement celebrated by these awards is a testament to the community spirit of Res-ton. I have often said that civic engagement is a key indicator of a healthy community and to-night’s event proves that Reston is one of the healthiest communities in all of Northern Vir-ginia! That is due in no small part to the ac-tions of those honored here this evening and I extend my congratulations to all of tonight’s honorees. I also wish to thank Kerrie Wilson of Cornerstones and Mark Ingrao of the Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce for their tire-less efforts on behalf of others and in making our community one of the best places in the country in which to live, work and raise a fam-ily. It is my honor to include in the R
ECORD the following recipients of the 2017 Best of Reston Awards: Corporate/Business Leader: Odin, Feldman and Pittleman, PC Small Business Leader: CST Group Volunteerism Through Nonprofit Service: Women Giving Back Wolf Trap Foundation for the Performing Arts Community Leader: Bill Keefe Gillian and Vincent Seskoe Vade Bolton-Ann Rodriguez Legacy Award: Herb Williams-Bafoe Robert E. Simon Community Service Award: Vicky Wingert Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating the 2017 Best of Reston honorees for their tremendous contributions. I thank Cornerstones and the Greater Reston Chamber of Commerce for continuing this wonderful tradition, and I express my sincere gratitude to these individuals, businesses, and organizations for lending their time and energy to the betterment of our community. f 
TRIBUTE TO JENNIE BARANCZYK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Drake Women’s Basketball Coach Jennie Baranczyk on being awarded the 2017 Madelyn Levitt Community Service Award. The Madelyn Levitt Community Service Award is annually presented to Drake Univer-sity faculty or staff members who have ‘‘dem-onstrated personal commitment to vol-unteerism and community service.’’ Jennie just completed her fifth season at the helm of the women’s basketball team for the Drake Bull-dogs, where not only she, but a number of her players, has won numerous awards and rec-ognitions. Off the court, she leads her team in giving back to the community, reaching their annual 1,000 hour goal of community service for four straight years. Organizations through-out the Des Moines area, and the people they serve, have benefited from the team’s gen-erous efforts. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to represent community leaders like Jennie in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize her today. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Jennie for this outstanding recognition and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
HONORING CAPTAIN SKIP BLANCETT, USN (RETIRED) 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Captain Skip Blancett, USN, Retired of Salado, Texas. With a career span-ning over two decades, CAPT Blancett is a true patriot, a faith-filled citizen, and unques-tionably a deserving recipient of a Congres-sional Veteran Commendation. CAPT Blancett joined the Navy at age 29 and was stationed in Guam, where he helped fulfill the spiritual needs of others. CAPT Blancett went on to serve his country in eight other stations around the world, with duties ranging from Public Affairs Officer, to teaching a course in the Naval War College, to fur-thering the spiritual state of his fellow sailors through various tactics with the Chaplain Corps. CAPT Blancett’s love of country is matched only by his commitment to his community. Upon retirement, the call to serve continued to burn inside. CAPT Blancett has gracefully served as Mayor of Salado since 2014 where he has been a champion of the Village’s grow-ing economy and its hard-working citizens. He is beloved by the Village of Salado for his leadership, commitment to faith, and passion for his community. CAPT Blancett serves the people of Salado with the same dedication, honor, and humility with which he served his country. He is an ex-emplary man who shows the utmost commit-ment to his family, community, and above all, his faith. May we all follow the example of great men such as CAPT Blancett, and live a life of hard work, loyalty and service to others. f 
RECOGNIZING DR. CHERIF SADKI AS THE 2017 OUTSTANDING HIGH SCHOOL PRINCIPAL OF VIRGINIA 
HON. GERALD E. CONNOLLY 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Cherif Sadki, principal of Gar- Field Senior High School, as the 2017 Out-standing High School Principal of Virginia. Each year, the Virginia Association of Sec-ondary School Principals, which is the seventh largest school administrators’ organization in the National Association of Secondary School Principals, selects a principal to represent the state as the nominee for the National Principal of the Year Program. As the 2017 nominee, Dr. Sadki is com-mended for his ‘‘creativity and imagination in bringing about positive change, improving the educational program and student achieve-ment; ensuring a school climate that reflects high staff and student morale; and for involv-ing the community in the life of the school.’’ At the helm of Gar-Field Senior High School for the past five years, Dr. Sadki has imple-mented countless policy changes and program adjustments to address the needs of the in-creasingly diverse student population. Of the roughly 2,500 students enrolled in Gar-Field Senior High School last year, approximately half spoke a language other than English at home. One to never shy away from a chal-lenge, Dr. Sadki rolled up his sleeves, trans-formed the teaching model, and embedded English instruction into the core curriculum to meet the needs of the diverse student body. For his foresight, engagement of the com-munity, and commitment to ensuring that all students receive a world-class education, it is my honor to include in the Record, Dr. Cherif Sadki. Dr. Sadki is the standard-bearer at the re-gional and national level for educating English learners. He attributes much of his success in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01NO8.020 E01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1485 November 1, 2017 
reshaping the mission of Gar-Field Senior High School to the efforts of a supportive com-munity, a focused group of educators, and a dedicated administrative staff. Instead of see-ing students who embraced a failing attitude, he saw children who had not been given an opportunity to succeed. Dr. Sadki saw teach-ers who needed encouragement, training and support and a community that could be con-vinced that success was possible. I ask my colleagues to join me in recog-nizing Dr. Cherif Sadki, principal of Gar-Field Senior High School on his selection as the 2017 Outstanding High School Principal for Virginia. His leadership and dedication to the students, teachers, and faculty as he works to ensure a bright future for all who pass through the doors of Gar-Field Senior High School is truly commendable and worthy of our highest praise. 
f 
HONORING THE ENTREPRE-NEURIAL SPIRIT OF MEREDITH COREY-DISCH, OWNER OF COM-MUNITY LOAVES 
HON. JOHN H. RUTHERFORD 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the United States House of Rep-resentatives to join me in recognizing Meredith Corey-Disch, a leader and business owner in my district, who was a recipient of a spot at the James Beard Foundation’s Inaugural Class of the Women’s Entrepreneurial Leader-ship Fellowship program. This program, hosted at the prestigious Babson College, aims to help female chefs and owners grow their businesses by cultivating women’s lead-ership in the culinary industry. Meredith Corey-Disch and her business partner, Sarah Bogdanovitch, are exceptional entrepreneurs. Their business was founded on the belief that it should be local, community fo-cused space that provides organic, traditional foods with shared work and fair pay. ‘‘Commu-nity Loaves’’ began in 2011 in Jacksonville, as an organic bike-delivered subscription bakery. The pair then opened a bread shop in 2014, where they served all-organic bread and pas-tries for breakfast and lunch. They kept the business community focused by holding spe-cial pizza nights and farm to table dinners in their garden and invited surrounding neighbors to these events. Meredith began her love of bread making through an apprenticeship in a bakery, while brainstorming ways she could start a business people would enjoy back in her hometown of Jacksonville. She can be described as thoughtful, kind, generous, and creative. With these skills, along with her passion of bread making, Meredith will continue to spread her passion throughout Northeast Florida. We need more creative small business owners like Meredith. She has been a true example of leadership for women in Northeast Florida and I look forward to seeing her future culinary successes. Mr. Speaker, I applaud Meredith Corey- Disch for her leadership in not only the cul-inary community, but in Northeast Florida as well. RECOGNIZING RED CREEK HIGH SCHOOL’S BLUE RIBBON AWARD HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding students, faculty, and staff at Red Creek High School. The mis-sion statement of the Red Creek Central School District is to educate students with eq-uity, and help them master fundamental skills. I would like to commend the hard work of the Red Creek Central School District for making Red Creek High School a safe and welcoming place to learn. The National Blue Ribbon Schools Program recognizes public and private schools based on overall academic excellence or ability in closing achievement gaps among students. Every year the United States Department of Education seeks out, and honors, schools that tirelessly work to help students grow academi-cally. Red Creek High School is one of just 19 New York State schools to receive the pres-tigious ‘‘Exemplary High Performing Schools’’ award from the United States Department of Education this year. Since the Blue Ribbon Award was first cre-ated in 1982, only four other schools in Wayne-Finger Lakes region have garnered Blue Ribbon status. Red Creek High School was awarded its Blue Ribbon Award this year for the strong academic performance of its student body. The teachers and administrators at Red Creek High School work hard each day to make learning exciting, and encourage their students that they can achieve their goals both inside and outside of the classroom. I’m proud to recognize this stellar high school in my dis-trict, and applaud the students, parents, ad-ministrators and teachers for their efforts. 
f 
HONORING ASSISTANT CHIEF MI-CHAEL SCHRAGE OF THE CRYS-TAL CITY FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Assistant Chief Michael Schrage on his 50 years of service as a volun-teer firefighter with the Crystal City Fire De-partment in Crystal City, Missouri. A celebra-tion will be held on November 13, 2017 to honor Assistant Chief Schrage and commemo-rate his more than 50 years of service starting in 1967. Born to Robert and Wanda Schrage on September 7, 1953, Mr. Schrage was one of five children. On August 11, 1976, Mr. Schrage married his beloved wife of 39 years, Janet Sue. Janet and Michael had one daugh-ter, Brandi, and have also welcomed into the family Brandi’s husband, Daniel and their granddaughter, Audri. In 1975, Mr. Schrage joined the Joachim Plattin Ambulance District. During that same year, he began working with his father, Mr. Robert (Bob) Schrage, at the family business, Schrage Electric. Mr. Schrage earned his certificate in Fire Science Tech-nology from Jefferson College on May 23, 1978. In 1990 when his father retired, Mr. Schrage took over the family business and is still operating it today. Throughout his life, Mr. Schrage has served the Festus, Jefferson R– 7, and Crystal City Fire Departments. Since 2009, Mr. Schrage has served as the commis-sioner for the Festus Special Road District. Additionally, he serves his community as a member of the Twin city Area Chamber of Commerce and Elks Lodge 1721. He also at-tends Good News Community Church. Throughout Mr. Schrage’s service, he has held the position of Fire Fighter, Captain, and Assistant Chief. Mr. Schrage is currently the Assistant Chief at the Crystal City Fire Depart-ment. In 2013, he was given the award of Fire Chief of the Year in Jefferson County. In 2016, he was the Grand Marshall at the Jefferson County Fire Engine Rally and the Crystal City Homecoming. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in recog-nizing Assistant Chief Michael Schrage on 50 dedicated years of service to his community. The commitment he has shown to the Crystal City Fire Department has been greatly appre-ciated. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote on October 31, 2017 for Roll Call Vote 591. Had I been present, my vote would have been the fol-lowing: Aye on Roll Call Vote 591. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. GWEN MOORE 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, on October 31, I was absent for recorded vote No. 591. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO MICHELLE D ECLERCK 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Michelle DeClerck on being awarded the Women in Business Champion of the Year by the Iowa Small Business Administration. Every year, during National Small Business Week, the Iowa Small Business Administration announces winners of the Iowa Small Busi-ness Week Awards. Michelle is the founder and president of Conference Event Manage-ment in West Des Moines. In its 13 years, Michelle has grown the company across Iowa and around the globe. One of her passions in life is promoting women in business and fos-tering the growth of women business owners. She devotes her time and energy to several organizations that advocate for, mentors, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01NO8.022 E01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1486 November 1, 2017 
supports women business owners, encour-aging them to enter the world of business ownership. She also serves with organizations that focus on aiding the hungry and homeless in Central Iowa. Mr. Speaker, strong communities are built upon people like Michelle, who go above and beyond their own self-interests and devote their time and energy to helping others. I am honored to represent leaders like her in the United States Congress and I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Michele for receiving this outstanding recognition and in wishing her nothing but continued success. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE CITY OF BELL’S 90TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the City of Bell on its 90th an-niversary. I am deeply honored to represent this city as part of California’s 40th Congres-sional District, and I ask my colleagues to join me in paying tribute to Bell and its residents on the city’s anniversary. The foundation of the City of Bell can be traced back to the arrival of the first group of settlers in the mid-1870s. Among the settlers were the city founder James George Bell and his wife and children. They moved to a prop-erty on Gage Avenue that is now known as the Bell House. The house is now a historic landmark filled with antique furnishings, vin-tage clothing, and photographs, and is open for the public to visit. In 1898, the town’s name was officially changed from Rancho San Antonio to Bell, in honor of its pioneer founders. The City of Bell was incorporated in 1927 and is a small, vi-brant community composed of young families, small businesses, and an industrial district. Between 1920 and 1935, Bell experienced a growth spurt where schools, businesses, and community organizations were established, such as the Bell Chamber of Commerce and Bell High School. Since its incorporation, the city has ex-panded its facilities, obtained land for public parks and recreational areas, and acquired basic amenities such as a city hall, parks, a fire department building, and a police depart-ment. The city has recently enhanced trans-parency and accountability within the city gov-ernment. In 2013, the city’s website earned an A¥ from a non-profit organization that exam-ines state and local government transparency. Through the city website, the public can now watch live streaming council meetings, look up city contracts, view warrant payments and public officials’ salaries and compensations, and review budget information. Over the years, Bell has become a vibrant city with an innovative approach to enhancing its services and infrastructure in order to sup-port its growing community. Bell encourages programs that provide recreational activities and community services, preserve and im-prove the environment, and protect the safety of Bell residents. In 2016, the Bell City Council adopted a five-year strategic plan, which outlines the top five targets for the city: economic develop-ment, community outreach, public image, de-veloping and improving strong city manage-ment, and fiscal sustainability. Currently, the City of Bell is mostly com-posed of a large Latino population and a growing Lebanese American community. Bell’s commitment to community engagement can be seen through the various programs it offers to youth, adults, and seniors. Over 700 children are participating in the city’s soccer program and parents turn out in large numbers to support their kids. Some par-ents even become team coaches. The city has also developed new adult sports programs, and has been renovating parks by establishing maintenance procedures for the synthetic fields. Ernest Debs Park, which is home to the youth soccer program, includes a synthetic soccer field with covered bleachers and a cov-ered fitness zone that are available to resi-dents every day of the week. The largest park in the city is Veterans Memorial Park, which commemorates the contributions of war vet-erans to our country and our freedom. Vet-erans Memorial Park includes a veterans monument, a rose garden, a baseball field with stadium seating, two large park pavilions, and batting cages. Family events such as the city’s annual street festival, the Summer Concert Series, and the Bell 5K Run/Walk have also been de-veloped to promote community, health, and fit-ness in the city. The city’s smartphone appli-cation has made it possible for its residents to report street improvements, pickup of bulky items, and graffiti removals through the touch of a button. The new City of Bell Technology Center has provided a safe learning environment where both adults and youth can access computers. This Technology Center provides free after-school computer skills training classes, which include introductions to computer equipment and operation, word processing techniques, e- mail correspondence, and fundamental skills required for safe web access. As the City of Bell celebrates its 90th anni-versary this month, the community will also be celebrating some of the following achieve-ments: a ‘‘Certificate of Achievement for Ex-cellence in Financial Reporting’’ by the Gov-ernment Finance Officers Association of the United States and Canada; the establishment of a Planning Commission; the initiation of a ‘‘Business of the Month’’ effort to highlight local businesses; a partnership with the Bell Chamber of Commerce to establish the Bell Family Food Truck Night; and adoption of the city’s Strategic Plan and the new city logo. That new logo is shaped by a bell design, and includes the city’s motto: ‘‘Home . . . in the center of it all’’ to inspire civic pride and civic engagement in the community. The City of Bell has made huge strides in the past couple of years and does not show any sign of slowing down. I ask my colleagues to join me in sending our best wishes and congratulations to Bell on its 90th anniversary. This small, diverse, vibrant community makes residents proud and visitors feel at home. I ex-pect more great things to come in Bell’s fu-ture. HONORING FIRST SERGEANT WILL WILLIAMS, U.S. ARMY (RETIRED) HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor First Sergeant Will Williams, U.S. Army, Retired, of Round Rock, Texas, for his selfless dedication and service to our na-tion and his continued, unparalleled contribu-tions to his community. I am honored to award him a Congressional Veteran Commendation. Following his enlistment in 1976, SGT Wil-liams contributed 24 years of service that in-cluded deployments from Panama and Soma-lia, to Desert Shield and Desert Storm as an Army Ranger, Small Weapons Specialist with the 2nd Division. His commitment to keeping our nation safe is in his blood. Three genera-tions of his family served in combat roles in the United States Army, and among the three they share 4 Bronze Star Medals. SGT Williams’ service and sense of duty did not culminate with his military service. Upon returning to Round Rock, SGT Williams dedi-cated his civilian life to the uplifting and better-ment of his community. In 2013, he helped raise $50,000 for Dell’s Children’s Hospital and over $10,000 for the Ronald McDonald House. In Round Rock, SGT Williams orga-nized a food drive, sent out a care package to deployed soldiers, and provided clothing and supplies to 300 foster kids through Project Care. His service has been recognized and appre-ciated throughout the community. SGT Wil-liams was recognized with the Service to Man-kind Award by the Round Rock Sertoma Club, received the Leadership Award from the ‘‘Heart of Texas Award’’ organization, and was honored with the Governor’s Lone Star Achievement Award from Texas Governor Greg Abbott. I commend First Sergeant Will Williams’ selfless service to his community and nation. His commitment to excellence and citizenship reflect the best values we hold as Americans. I join his family, friends, and colleagues in sa-luting his great work and dedication to our country. 
f 
H.R. 732, STOP SETTLEMENT SLUSH FUNDS ACT OF 2017 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise to today in opposition to the so-called Stop Set-tlement Slush Funds Act of 2017 (H.R. 732). The Department of Justice has long had the authority to enter into and enforce settlement agreements on behalf of the United States government. This includes payments to third parties that help right the wrongs caused by an entity that has broken the law. For instance, the government can negotiate a settlement that allows payments to groups like nonprofits that help aid in the recovery of the individuals and communities hurt by un-lawful conduct. These third-party payments are particularly important when it is impossible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01NO8.026 E01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1487 November 1, 2017 
to quantify all of the harm done, as is often true of environmental cases. When a corporation responsible for dumping waste into a waterway or emitting pollutants into the air agrees to this type of settlements, the non-profits they pay restore coastlines, re-build ecosystems, and often coordinate clean-up activities. This legislation threatens that critical remediation and recovery work. The Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2017 ends this common-sense practice by prohibiting the U.S. government from entering into or enforcing settlement agreements that require payments to third parties. It also makes it much more difficult to provide relief for damage that is more generalized and non- quantifiable. When a power plant dirties the air of a community, the number of visits to the doctor or new cases of asthma cannot be pre-cisely measured. That does not mean that they should not be held responsible for the harm they caused. House Republicans have used the first 10 months of this Congress to do little more than push policies that reduce corporate account-ability and line the pockets of corporate bad actors. I oppose the Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2017. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ANIMAL RESCUE LEAGUE OF IOWA 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Ani-mal Rescue League of Iowa for being named the 2016 501(c) of the Year at the Des Moines East and South Chamber of Commerce An-nual Dinner and Awards Ceremony earlier this year. The Animal Rescue League (ARL) of Iowa is the largest nonprofit animal shelter in Iowa. ARL cares for thousands of animals every year, and offers a wide range of services to the public. From adoption, behavior training, spay/neuter services, and education, ARL aims to help people become responsible pet owners, as well as to help prevent animals from ultimately ending up in shelters. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to represent non-profit organizations like the Animal Res-cue League of Iowa in the United States Con-gress and it is with great pride that I recognize them today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating them for this outstanding recognition and in wishing them all nothing but continued success. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF MR. DARRYL D
IORIO 
HON. KEITH J. ROTHFUS 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Mr. Darryl DiOrio for his forty- seven years of service and leadership in the Johnstown community. Mr. DiOrio holds degrees from Saint Vincent College, the Pennsylvania State University and Saint Francis University. He has devoted his entire career to working in the steel industry, including twenty years at Bethlehem Steel Corporation, six years as President and CEO of Johnstown Wire Tech-nologies, and nineteen years as President and CEO of Gautier Steel Ltd. Under Mr. DiOrio’s leadership, Gautier Steel recovered from a near shutdown to a multi- million-dollar operation. Furthermore, Mr. DiOrio saved thousands of family-sustaining jobs by helping keep both Johnstown Wire and Gautier Steel in the Johnstown area. Mr. DiOrio’s leadership and great care for the community will leave an impact on Johns-town for years to come. I would like to congratulate Mr. DiOrio on his recent retirement and wish him the best of luck in his future endeavors. f 
TRIBUTE TO CAPTAIN DENNIS D
EWINE, U.S. ARMY 
HON. JOHN R. CARTER 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the service and achieve-ments of an esteemed and valued citizen, Captain Dennis DeWine, U.S. Army. He has dedicated himself to his community and nation and is an embodiment of the Army values of honor, loyalty, and selfless service. CPT DeWine is a fitting and worthy recipient of a Congressional Veteran Commendation. CPT DeWine joined the Army in 1967, grad-uated Helicopter Flight School in 1968, and spent the next seven years as a helicopter pilot; twenty months of which were two tours of duty in Vietnam. As a testament to his val-orous service in Vietnam, the President of the United States presented CPT DeWine with the Distinguished Flying Cross award for his ac-tions above and beyond the call of duty. After being Honorably Discharged CPT DeWine was inducted into the Ohio Military Hall of Fame for Valor. CPT DeWine’s leadership skills have been invaluable throughout his post-military career. After rejoining civilian life, he became the founder, broker, and president of ERA Colo-nial Real Estate and Colonial Residential Properties, Inc. Despite his busy schedule, CPT DeWine remains dedicated to serving his community. He can often be found in jeans and boots working alongside his friends and neighbors. CPT DeWine’s passion to serve is evident through his participation and leader-ship in numerous organizations, such as Cen-tral Texas Voices for Life, where he serves as Chairman. CPT DeWine has also proven his commitment to serving others through his company’s efforts to successfully raise $100,000 for Muscular Dystrophy. Despite his business and charitable commit-ments, CPT DeWine has found time to raise a closeknit family, volunteer in community or-ganizations, and remain active in his church. With admiration and deep respect, I pay trib-ute to Dennis DeWine for his sacrifices and the lasting impact he has had on his commu-nity and country. RECOGNIZING COLONEL MARK SHADE HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I recognize and congratulate Colonel Mark Shade on his recent retirement after years of service as Deputy Commanding Officer of the United States Army Training Center and Fort Jackson. Colonel Shade was commissioned after graduating from The Citadel in 1989 and his first duty assignment was at Fort Hood Texas, as a Platoon Leader in support of the 1st Calvary Division during Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm. After attending the Combined Logistics Officer Advanced Course and the Petroleum Officers Course at Fort Lee, Colonel Shade reported to the 10th Mountain Division and served as the Assistant Support Operations Officer for 1st Brigade. He was then selected to Command Headquarters and Headquarters Company and Alpha Com-pany of the 10th Forward Support Battalion. After attending the Tactical Officer’s Edu-cation Program at the United States Military Academy at West Point, and receiving his Masters in Education (Counseling and Leader Development) in 1999, Colonel Shade was the Tactical Officer for company A3. He then at-tended the United States Army Command and General Staff College at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. Colonel Shade served in a multitude of leadership and staff positions within the 25th Infantry Division, and was the G4 for United States Army Cadet Command at Fort Knox prior to assuming his final position at Fort Jackson. Colonel Shade has multiple combat deploy-ments to Operations Desert Shield/Desert Storm, Operation Iraqi Freedom, Operation Enduring Freedom, and Operation New Dawn. He has been awarded two legions of Merit, four Bronze Star Medals, the Defense Meri-torious Medal, three Army Meritorious Service Medals, two Army Commendation Medals, two Army Achievement Medals, the Combat Action Badge, and the Airborne Badge. I am grateful for the service of Colonel Mark Shade and his family to the Midlands community and to the United States of America. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO THE WAUKEE HIGH SCHOOL BOY’S SWIMMING TEAM 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, November 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate the Waukee High School Boy’s Swimming Team for winning their second consecutive team state championship on February 11, 2017. In winning their consecutive title, the Waukee High School Boys Swimming Team doubled their team points from their first championship last year. During the meet, they were able to grab state championships in three individual events, and all three of their relay events finished runner up. I would like to congratulate each member of the Team: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01NO8.029 E01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1488 November 1, 2017 
Swimmers: Cameron Briggs, AJ Gainer, Davis Kuhlers, Jackson Kuhlers, Cameron Lin-der, Zach Linder, Augie Muenzenmay, Gus Muenzenmay, Mitchell Pollitt, Grady Rogers Manager: Zach Bogaczyk Coaches: Daniel Briggs and Cass Zorn. Mr. Speaker, the example set by these stu-dents and their coaches demonstrates the re-wards of hard work, dedication, and persever-ance. I am honored to represent them in the United States Congress and it is with great pride that I recognize them today. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating these young men for competing in this rig-orous competition and in wishing them all nothing but continued success. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, No-vember 2, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED NOVEMBER 7 9:30 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Ernest W. Dubester, of Vir-ginia, Colleen Kiko, of North Dakota, and James Thomas Abbott, of Virginia, each to be a Member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority. SD–342 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 1591, to impose sanctions with respect to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. SD–538 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Communications, Tech-nology, Innovation, and the Internet To hold hearings to examine advancing the Internet of Things in rural Amer-ica. SR–253 NOVEMBER 8 9:45 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 1693, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of inter-active computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relat-ing to sex trafficking, S. 1668, to re-name a waterway in the State of New York as the ‘‘Joseph Sanford Jr. Chan-nel’’, and the nominations of Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commissioner of the Consumer Product Safety Com-mission, James Bridenstine, of Okla-homa, to be Administrator of the Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Adminis-tration, Neil Jacobs, of North Carolina, and Nazakhtar Nikakhtar, of Mary-land, both to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, Bruce Landsberg, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, Raymond Martinez, of New Jersey, to be Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration, and Diana Furchtgott-Roth, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the Department of Transportation, and Leon A. Westmoreland, of Georgia, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine protecting consumers in the era of major data breaches. SD–106 10 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Kathleen Hartnett White, of Texas, to be a Member of the Council on Environmental Quality, and Andrew Wheeler, of Virginia, to be Deputy Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Pro-tection Agency. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Kirstjen Nielsen, of Virginia, to be Secretary of Homeland Security. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the impact of lawsuit abuse on American small businesses and job creators. SD–226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 1400, to amend title 18, United States Code, to enhance protections of Native Amer-ican tangible cultural heritage, and S. 465, to provide for an independent out-side audit of the Indian Health Service. SD–628 NOVEMBER 14 9:30 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources To hold an oversight hearing to examine hurricane recovery efforts in Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Is-lands. SD–366 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:28 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01NO8.034 E01NOPT1
D1152 Wednesday, November 1, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6937–S6974 Measures Introduced: Ten bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2049–2058, and S. Res. 319–320.
                                                       Page S6970 
Measures Reported: S. Res. 279, reaffirming the commitment of the United States to promote democracy, human rights, and the rule of law in Cambodia, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble.
                                                   Page S6970 
Measures Passed: National Domestic Violence Awareness Month: Senate agreed to S. Res. 320, supporting the goals and ideals of National Domestic Violence Awareness Month, commending domestic violence victim advo-cates, domestic violence victim service providers, cri-sis hotline staff, and first responders serving victims of domestic violence for their compassionate support of survivors of domestic violence, and expressing the sense of the Senate that Congress should continue to support efforts to end domestic violence, provide safety for victims of domestic violence and their fam-ilies, and hold perpetrators of domestic violence ac-countable.
                                                                      Page S6973 
Eid Nomination—Agreement: Senate resumed consideration of the nomination of Allison H. Eid, of Colorado, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit.
                                             Pages S6944–63 
During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 56 yeas to 42 nays (Vote No. 258), Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the nomination.
                                                          Pages S6944–45 
A unanimous-consent-time agreement was reached providing that notwithstanding Rule XXII, that at 11:30 a.m., on Thursday, November 2, 2017, there be 30 minutes of post-cloture time remaining on the nomination, equally divided between the Leaders, or their designees, and that following the use or yield-ing back of that time, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination.                                                    Page S6963 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination, post-cloture, at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Thurs-day, November 2, 2017.
                                        Page S6973 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 60 yeas to 38 nays (Vote No. EX. 257), Joan Louise Larsen, of Michigan, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit. 
                                                                      Pages S6938–44, S6974 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Michael D. Griffin, of Alabama, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense. Randall G. Schriver, of Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Defense. Joel Danies, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Gabonese Republic, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Democratic Republic of Sao Tome and Principe. Douglas Webster, of Virginia, to be Chief Finan-cial Officer, Department of Education. Scott A. Mugno, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Labor. James R. Sweeney II, of Indiana, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of In-diana. Routine lists in the Foreign Service. 
                                                                                    Pages S6973–74 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S6967 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S6967 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S6968–70 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S6970 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S6970 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01NO7.REC D01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1153 November 1, 2017 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S6970–71 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S6971–72 
Additional Statements:                                         Page S6967 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S6972–73 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S6973 
Record Votes: Two record votes were taken today. (Total—258)
                                                 Pages S6944, S6945 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:37 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thursday, November 2, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6973.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the nomina-tions of David J. Ryder, of New Jersey, to be Direc-tor of the Mint, Department of the Treasury, and Hester Maria Peirce, of Ohio, and Robert J. Jackson, Jr., of New York, both to be a Member of the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission. NOMINATIONS Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Scott Garrett, of New Jersey, to be President, Kimberly A. Reed, of West Virginia, to be First Vice President, Mark L. Greenblatt, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, and Spencer Bachus III, of Alabama, Judith Delzoppo Pryor, of Ohio, and Claudia Slacik, of New York, each to be a Member of the Board of Directors, all of the Ex-port-Import Bank, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. NOMINATIONS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of James Bridenstine, of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, who was introduced by Sen-ator Inhofe, Dana Baiocco, of Ohio, to be a Commis-sioner of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, and Nazakhtar Nikakhtar, of Maryland, who was in-troduced by Senator Wicker, and Neil Jacobs, of North Carolina, both to be an Assistant Secretary of Commerce, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. NOMINATIONS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Irwin Ste-ven Goldstein, of New York, to be Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy, Rebecca Eliza Gonzales, of Texas, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Leso-tho, Lisa A. Johnson, of Washington, to be Ambas-sador to the Republic of Namibia, James Randolph Evans, of Georgia, to be Ambassador to Luxem-bourg, who was introduced by Senator Isakson, and Sean P. Lawler, of Maryland, to be Chief of Protocol, and to have the rank of Ambassador during his ten-ure of service, all of the Department of State, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. ENERGY AND INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT Committee on Foreign Relations: Subcommittee on Mul-tilateral International Development, Multilateral In-stitutions, and International Economic, Energy, and Environmental Policy concluded a hearing to exam-ine energy and international development, after re-ceiving testimony from Rachel Kyte, Sustainable En-ergy for All, Washington, D.C.; Todd J. Moss, Cen-ter for Global Development, Bethesda, Maryland; Joao Talocchi, Purpose Climate Lab, New York, New York; and Paul J. Mitchell, Energy Systems Network, Indianapolis, Indiana. MODERNIZING TAX POLICIES Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine building tribal econo-mies, focusing on modernizing tax policies that work for Indian country, after receiving testimony from Carl Marrs, Old Harbor Native Corporation, Anchor-age, Alaska; Liana Onnen, Prairie Band Potawatomi Nation, Mayetta, Kansas; and Dante Desiderio, Nafoa, Washington, D.C. NOMINATIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Leonard Ste-ven Grasz, of Nebraska, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, who was introduced by Senator Fischer, Terry A. Doughty, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, who was introduced by Senator Cassidy, Terry Fitzgerald Moorer, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, who was introduced by Senator Shelby, and Mark Saalfield Norris, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, who was intro-duced by Senators Alexander and Corker, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01NO7.REC D01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1154 November 1, 2017 
SOCIAL MEDIA INFLUENCE IN 2016 ELECTIONS Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee concluded a hearing to examine social media influence in the 2016 United States elections, after receiving testi-mony from Colin Stretch, Facebook, Menlo Park, California; Sean J. Edgett, Twitter, Inc., San Fran-cisco, California; and Kent Walker, Google, Moun-tain View, California. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 19 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4200–4218; and 3 resolutions, H. Con. Res. 89; and H. Res. 599, 602, were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H8384–85 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H8386–87 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 3441, to clarify the treatment of two or more employers as joint employers under the Na-tional Labor Relations Act and the Fair Labor Stand-ards Act of 1938, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–379); H.R. 3387, to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to improve public water systems and enhance compliance with such Act, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–380); H. Res. 600, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 849) to repeal the provisions of the Pa-tient Protection and Affordable Care Act providing for the Independent Payment Advisory Board (H. Rept. 115–381); H. Res. 601, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3922) to extend funding for certain public health programs, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–382); and H.R. 2201, to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to exempt certain micro-offerings from the registra-tion requirements of such Act, and for other pur-poses (H. Rept. 115–383).
                                   Page H8384 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Marshall to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H8297 
Recess: The House recessed at 11:16 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H8306 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Michael W. Waters, Joy Tabernacle AME Church, Dallas, TX.
            Page H8306 
Unanimous Consent Agreement: Agreed by unan-imous consent that it be in order at any time to con-sider House Resolution 599 in the House, if called up by the chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs or his designee; that the resolution be considered as read; that the previous question be considered as or-dered on the resolution and preamble to adoption without intervening motion or demand for division of the question except for one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by Representative Royce and Representative Khanna or their respective designees; and that notwithstanding any previous order of the House, the provisions of section 7 of the War Pow-ers Resolution shall not apply to House Concurrent Resolution 81.                                                             Page H8318 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Encouraging Public Offerings Act of 2017: H.R. 3903, amended, to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to expand the ability to use testing the waters and confidential draft registration submissions, by a 
2⁄3 yea-and-nay vote of 419 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 599;
                   Pages H8318–20, H8361–62 
Amending the Securities Act of 1933 to codify certain qualifications of individuals as accredited investors for purposes of the securities laws: H.R. 1585, amended, to amend the Securities Act of 1933 to codify certain qualifications of individuals as ac-credited investors for purposes of the securities laws; 
                                                                                    Pages H8320–23 
Helium Extraction Act of 2017: H.R. 3279, to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to provide that ex-traction of helium from gas produced under a Fed-eral mineral lease shall maintain the lease as if the helium were oil and gas;
                                       Page H8323 
Repealing the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer ju-risdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses com-mitted by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Indian Reservation’’: H.R. 1074, to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to confer jurisdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses committed by or against Indi-ans on the Sac and Fox Indian Reservation’’; 
                                                                                    Pages H8323–24 
Providing for the conveyance to the State of Iowa of the reversionary interest held by the United States in certain land in Pottawattamie 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01NO7.REC D01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1155 November 1, 2017 
County, Iowa: H.R. 2600, amended, to provide for the conveyance to the State of Iowa of the rever-sionary interest held by the United States in certain land in Pottawattamie County, Iowa;
     Pages H8324–25 
Indiana Dunes National Park Act: H.R. 1488, amended, to retitle Indiana Dunes National Lake-shore as Indiana Dunes National Park; 
                                                                                    Pages H8325–26 
Foreign Terrorist Organizations Passport Rev-ocation Act of 2017: H.R. 425, amended, to author-ize the revocation or denial of passports to individ-uals affiliated with foreign terrorist organizations; and
                                                                            Pages H8363–65 
Urging adherence to the ‘‘one country, two sys-tems’’ policy as prescribed in the Joint Declaration between the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and the Government of the People’s Republic of China on the Question of the Hong Kong: H. Res. 422, amended, urging adherence to the ‘‘one country, two systems’’ policy as prescribed in the Joint Declaration between the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and the Gov-ernment of the People’s Republic of China on the Question of the Hong Kong;
                      Pages H8365–68 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Urging adherence to the ‘one country, two systems’ policy as prescribed in the Joint Declaration between the Gov-ernment of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and the Government of the People’s Republic of China on the Question of Hong Kong.’’.
     Page H8368 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:07 p.m. and recon-vened at 5:16 p.m.
                                                   Page H8356 
Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2017: The House passed H.R. 2936, to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 and improve for-est management activities on National Forest System lands, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on Tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fire-prone forested lands, by a recorded vote of 232 ayes to 188 noes, Roll No. 598.
                                      Pages H8326–56, H8356 
Rejected the O’Halleran motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Natural Resources with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with amendments, by a recorded vote of 189 ayes to 230 noes, Roll No. 597.
      Pages H8359–60 
Pursuant to the Rule, it shall be in order to con-sider as an original bill for the purpose of amend-ment under the five-minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–36, in lieu of the amendments in the nature of a substitute rec-ommended by the Committees on Agriculture and Natural Resources now printed in the bill.                                                                                             Page H8340 
Agreed to: Schrader amendment (No. 1 printed in H. Rept. 115–378) that strikes ‘‘produce timber’’ as a forest management activity designated for Categorical Ex-clusion;
                                                                            Page H8350 
Ca´rdenas amendment (No. 4 printed in H. Rept. 115–378) that requires the Secretary of Agriculture, in consultation with other relevant Departments, to conduct a study to evaluate the feasibility, safety and cost effectiveness of using unmanned aerial vehicles for the purposes of supporting wildfire response and suppression as well as forest restoration and manage-ment;
                                                                               Page H8352 
DeFazio amendment (No. 5 printed in H. Rept. 115–378) that adds land exclusions to Sec. 913, in-cluding Yaquina Head Outstanding Natural Area, Wild and Scenic Rivers Act, Wilderness Act, lands managed under the National Trails System; and 
                                                                                    Pages H8352–53 
Pearce amendment (No. 7 printed in H. Rept. 115–378) that establishes a pilot program to dem-onstrate effective tools and techniques for safe-guarding natural resources (by a recorded vote of 236 ayes to 184 noes, Roll No. 596). 
                                                                Pages H8354–56, H8358–59 
Rejected: Khanna amendment (No. 2 printed in H. Rept. 115–378) that sought to strike Subtitle B of Title III, the Forest Management Activity Arbitration Pilot Program, from the bill (by a recorded vote of 189 ayes to 232 noes, Roll No. 594); and 
                                                                      Pages H8350–51, H8357 
O’Halleran amendment (No. 3 printed in H. Rept. 115–378) that sought to strike sections 801 and 903 (by a recorded vote of 194 ayes to 226 noes, Roll No. 595).
                                 Pages H8351–52, H8357–58 
Withdrawn: LaMalfa amendment (No. 6 printed in H. Rept. 115–378) that was offered and subsequently with-drawn that would have directed OPM to create a ‘‘wildland firefighter’’ occupational series. 
                                                                                    Pages H8353–54 
H. Res. 595, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2936) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 232 ayes to 184 noes, Roll No. 593, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 232 yeas to 184 nays, Roll No. 592. 
                                                                                    Pages H8309–18 
Clerk to Correct Engrossment: Agreed by unani-mous consent that, in the engrossment of H.R. 3903, the Clerk be authorized to make such tech-nical and conforming changes as may be necessary to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01NO7.REC D01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1156 November 1, 2017 
reflect the actions of the House in amending the bill.
                                                                                   Page H8362 
Clerk to Correct Engrossment: Agreed by unani-mous consent that the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections in the engrossment of H.R. 2936, to include corrections in spelling, punctua-tion, section numbering and cross-referencing, and the insertion of appropriate headings.
            Page H8362 
Providing official recognition of the massacre of 11 African-American soldiers of the 333rd Field Artillery Battalion of the United States Army who had been captured in Wereth, Belgium, during the Battle of the Bulge on December 17, 1944: The House agreed to discharge from com-mittee and agree to H. Con. Res. 43, providing offi-cial recognition of the massacre of 11 African-Amer-ican soldiers of the 333rd Field Artillery Battalion of the United States Army who had been captured in Wereth, Belgium, during the Battle of the Bulge on December 17, 1944.
                                         Page H8362 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H8318. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and six recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H8316–17, H8317–18, H8357, H8357–58, H8358–59, H8360, H8360–61, and H8361–62. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 9:14 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
ACCOUNTABLE SOFT POWER IN THE NATIONAL INTEREST Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs held an oversight hearing entitled ‘‘Accountable Soft Power in the National Interest’’. Testimony was heard from Mark Green, Administrator, U.S. Agency for Inter-national Development. SECURING CONSUMERS’ CREDIT DATA IN THE AGE OF DIGITAL COMMERCE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection held a hearing entitled ‘‘Securing Consumers’ Credit Data in the Age of Digital Commerce’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF FIRSTNET: STATE PERSPECTIVES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing en-titled ‘‘Oversight of FirstNet: State Perspectives’’. Testimony was heard from Brian Moran, Secretary of Public Safety and Homeland Security, Virginia; Mi-chael Poth, CEO, First Responder Network Author-ity; John Stevens, Statewide Interoperability Coordi-nator, New Hampshire; and public witnesses. EXAMINING THE COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT BLOCK GRANT-DISASTER RECOVERY PROGRAM Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Community Development Block Grant-Disaster Recovery Program’’. Testimony was heard from Helen Albert, Acting Inspector General, Office of the Inspector General, Department of Housing and Urban Development. DATA SECURITY: VULNERABILITIES AND OPPORTUNITIES FOR IMPROVEMENT Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Data Security: Vulnerabilities and Opportunities for Improvement’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. AN INSIDER’S LOOK AT THE NORTH KOREAN REGIME Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘An Insider’s Look at the North Korean Regime’’. Testimony was heard from a pub-lic witness. NET NEUTRALITY AND THE ROLE OF ANTITRUST Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing entitled ‘‘Net Neutrality and the Role of Antitrust’’. Testimony was heard from Maureen Ohlhausen, Acting Chairman, Federal Trade Com-mission; Terrell McSweeny, Commissioner, Federal Trade Commission; and public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURE Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on the Con-stitution and Civil Justice held a hearing on H.R. 490, the ‘‘Heartbeat Protection Act of 2017’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. OVERSIGHT OF THE EXECUTIVE OFFICE FOR IMMIGRATION REVIEW Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Immi-gration and Border Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Executive Office for Immigration Review’’. Testimony was heard from James McHenry, Acting Director, Executive Office for Im-migration Review, Department of Justice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01NO7.REC D01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1157 November 1, 2017 
OVERVIEW OF 16 YEARS OF INVOLVEMENT IN AFGHANISTAN Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on National Security held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Overview of 16 Years of Involvement in Af-ghanistan’’. Testimony was heard from John Sopko, Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Recon-struction. PROTECTING SENIORS’ ACCESS TO MEDICARE ACT OF 2017; COMMUNITY HEALTH AND MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS IMPROVE OUR NATION ACT OF 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 849, the ‘‘Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medi-care Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3922, the ‘‘Community Health and Medical Professionals Improve Our Na-tion Act of 2017’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 7–3, a closed rule for H.R. 849. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The Com-mittee granted, by record vote of 7–3, a closed rule for H.R. 3922. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule pro-vides that the amendment printed in part A of the Rules Committee report, modified by the amend-ment printed in part B of the Rules Committee re-port, shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. Testimony was heard from Chairman Walden and Representa-tives Guthrie, Thompson of California, Paulsen, Pal-lone, Duncan of Tennessee, and Gonza´lez-Colo´n of Puerto Rico. THE FUTURE OF LOW DOSE RADIATION RESEARCH Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Energy held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Future of Low Dose Radiation Research’’. Testimony was heard from John Neumann, Director, Science and Technology Issues, Government Accountability Office; and public witnesses. IMPACT OF RUSSIAN ADVERTISEMENTS ON SOCIAL MEDIA Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Russia Inves-tigative Task Force held a hearing entitled ‘‘Impact of Russian Advertisements on Social Media’’. Testi-mony was heard from public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 2, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Mark T. Esper, of Virginia, to be Sec-retary of the Army, Robert L. Wilkie, of North Carolina, to be Under Secretary for Personnel and Readiness, Jo-seph Kernan, of Florida, to be Under Secretary for Intel-ligence, and Guy B. Roberts, of Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary, all of the Department of Defense, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the potential for oil and gas exploration and development in the non-wilderness portion of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, known as the ‘‘1002 Area’’ or Coastal Plain, to raise sufficient revenue pursu-ant to the Senate reconciliation instructions included in H. Con Res. 71, 9:30 a.m., SD–366. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 807, to provide anti-retaliation protections for antitrust whistleblowers, and the nominations of Gregory G. Katsas, of Virginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the District of Columbia Circuit, Jeffrey Uhlman Beaverstock, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Emily Coody Marks, and Brett Joseph Talley, both to be a United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, Holly Lou Teeter, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas, and Matthew G. T. Martin, to be United States Attorney for the Middle District of North Caro-lina, and Christina E. Nolan, to be United States Attor-ney for the District of Vermont, both of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy, hearing entitled ‘‘The 2017 Hurricane Season: A Review of Emergency Response and Energy Infrastructure Recovery Efforts’’, 10:30 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01NO7.REC D01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1158 November 1, 2017 Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Concerns Over Federal Select Agent Program Oversight of Dangerous Pathogens’’, 10:45 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Hous-ing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘Sustainable Housing Finance: Private Sector Perspectives on Housing Finance Reform, Part II’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 3249, the ‘‘Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Pro-gram Authorization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1730, the ‘‘Com-bating Anti-Semitism Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3317, the ‘‘Stopping Abusive Female Exploitation Act’’; and H.R. 4203, the ‘‘Combat Online Predators Act’’, 10:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 221, the ‘‘Hydro-graphic Services Improvement Amendments Act’’; H.R. 1176, the ‘‘Keep America’s Waterfronts Working Act’’; and S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, markup on legislation on the Foundations for Evi-dence-Based Policymaking Act of 2017; legislation on the Ensuring a Qualified Civil Service Act of 2017; H.R. 1132, the ‘‘Political Appointee Burrowing Prevention Act’’; H.R. 3076, the ‘‘Creating Advanced Streamlined Electronic Services for Constituents Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4043, the ‘‘Whistleblower Protection Extension Act of 2017’’; legislation to amend title 5, United States Code, to extend the authority to conduct telework travel ex-penses test programs, and for other purposes; legislation on the Settlement Agreement Information Database Act; H.R. 3121, the ‘‘All-American Flag Act’’; legislation on the Preparedness and Risk Management for Extreme Weather Patterns Assuring Resilience and Effectiveness Act of 2017; H.R. 1850, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 907 Fourth Ave-nue in Lake Odessa, Michigan, as the ‘‘Donna Sauers Besko Post Office’’; H.R. 2672, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’; H.R. 2673, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 514 Broadway Street in Pekin, Illinois, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Jordan S. Bastean Post Office’’; H.R. 3821, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zachary Addington Post Office’’; and H.R. 3893, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins Post Office’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Interior, Energy, and Environ-ment, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Regulation of Shark Finning in the United States’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Ray-burn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Research and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Putting Food on the Table—A Review of the Importance of Agri-culture Research’’, 10:30 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Investiga-tions, Oversight, and Regulations, hearing entitled ‘‘Op-erating or Rulemaking? A Review of SBA’s Opaque Standard Operating Procedures Process’’, 10:30 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Emergency Response and Re-covery: Central Takeaways from the Unprecedented 2017 Hurricane Season’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 299, the ‘‘Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1133, the ‘‘Veterans Transplant Cov-erage Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1900, the ‘‘National Veterans Memorial and Museum Act’’; H.R. 2123, the ‘‘VETS Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2601, the ‘‘VICTOR Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3634, the ‘‘SERVE Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3705, the ‘‘Vet-erans Fair Debt Notice Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3949, the ‘‘VALOR Act’’; and H.R. 4173, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study on the Veterans Crisis Line, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Appearance of Carter W. Page’’, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This is an open hearing in a closed space. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01NO7.REC D01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1159 November 1, 2017 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 180 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 378 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 3 through October 31, 2017 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 160 155 . . Time in session ................................... 966 hrs., 13 ′ 692 hrs., 57′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 6,935 8,296 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 1,473 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 24 49 73 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... 1 1 . . Measures passed, total ......................... 345 536 881 Senate bills .................................. 84 24 . . House bills .................................. 40 349 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 8 6 . . House joint resolutions ............... 16 19 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 9 7 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 8 12 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 180 119 . . Measures reported, total ...................... * 242 * 373 615 Senate bills .................................. 187 1 . . House bills .................................. 26 283 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 2 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 2 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 4 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 26 83 . . Special reports ..................................... 13 5 . . Conference reports ............................... . . . . . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 177 98 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 2,433 5,005 7,438 Bills ............................................. 2,038 4,199 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 49 120 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 28 88 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 318 598 . . Quorum calls ....................................... 3 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 256 258 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 332 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 3 through October 31, 2017 
Civilian nominations, totaling 524, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 190 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 299 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 35 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 785, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 760 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 25 Air Force nominations, totaling 5,617, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 5,594 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 23 Army nominations, totaling 6,570, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 6,552 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 18 Navy nominations, totaling 4,222, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 4,218 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 4 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,314, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,314 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 19,032 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 18,628 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 369 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 35 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D01NO7.REC D01NOPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1160 November 1, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, November 2 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Allison H. Eid, of Colorado, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, post-cloture, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 12 noon. Following disposition of the nomination of Allison H. Eid, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination of Stephanos Bibas, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Thursday, November 2 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of H.R. 849— Protecting Seniors’ Access to Medicare Act of 2017 (Sub-ject to a Rule). Begin consideration of H.R. 3922—Com-munity Health And Medical Professionals Improve Our Nation Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Bilirakis, Gus M., Fla., E1479 Carter, John R., Tex., E1477, E1479, E1482, E1484, E1486, E1487 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1476 Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E1480, E1480, E1480, E1481, E1481, E1482, E1483, E1483, E1484, E1484 Doyle, Michael F., Pa., E1483 Gallagher, Mike, Wisc., E1475 Garamendi, John, Calif., E1475, E1476, E1476, E1477, E1477, E1477, E1478, E1478, E1479 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E1485 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E1476 Katko, John, N.Y., E1485 King, Peter T., N.Y., E1481 Larson, John B., Conn., E1475 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1485 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E1486 McKinley, David B., W.Va., E1480 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1485 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E1479 Rokita, Todd, Ind., E1484 Rothfus, Keith J., Pa., E1487 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1486 Rutherford, John H., Fla., E1485 Shimkus, John, Ill., E1478 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E1480 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1482 Westerman, Bruce, Ark., E1477 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1487 Yoder, Kevin, Kans., E1483 Young, David, Iowa, E1475, E1475, E1477, E1478, E1481, E1483, E1484, E1485, E1487, E1487 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:27 Nov 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D01NO7.REC D01NOPT1