Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1015 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2017 No. 21 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. P
ALAZZO ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, February 7, 2017. I hereby appoint the Honorable S
TEVEN M. P
ALAZZO to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 3, 2017, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties, with each party limited to 1 hour and each Member other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip limited to 5 minutes, but in no event shall de-bate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. 
f 
SUPPORT COMPANIES THAT OPPOSE IMMIGRATION BAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, as we all learned on Sunday, Adolphus Busch came to America from Germany to make the king of beers. He didn’t have a visa. He had a boat ticket and, of course, our country welcomed him. Well, not exactly. In the Super Bowl ad that aired, Mr. Busch was told: ‘‘You are not welcome here. Go back home.’’ But then the young man eventually reaches St. Louis, meets Mr. Anheuser, and Budweiser—one of the most unmis-takably American brands around the world—is born. All of us assumed that the President was watching the ad because it was, after all, the Super Bowl and it was broadcast by FOX network, his favor-ite. But I wonder if the message sank in. Mr. Speaker, to borrow a line from a different advertiser: I don’t always drink beer, but when I do, I think the next time it will be a Bud. But then there was the little girl and her mom who walked to America from Latin America in the 84 Lumber ad. They didn’t have a visa either because, well, we don’t generally allow visas to people from Latin America who are seeking a better way of life here. If they did qualify for a visa, that little girl would be a grown-up adult by the time the visa was processed, given our broken immigration system. We learned that FOX television told the advertiser to edit out a border wall scene in the original version of the ad. I guess even FOX was worried about being attacked by the twitter in chief. I am not sure what 84 Lumber sells, but I think I am going to go out and buy some. Mr. Speaker, I haven’t had a cup of coffee in 30 years. I don’t drink the stuff. You can bet, however, I am going to go find my way into a Starbucks sometime soon because they just announced—in the midst of all of this political turmoil—that they will hire an additional 10,000 refugees. The CEO of Starbucks said in a letter recently: ‘‘There are more than 65 mil-lion citizens of the world recognized as refugees by the United Nations, and we are developing plans to hire 10,000 of them over five years in the 75 countries around the world where Starbucks does business.’’ Apple and Netflix were among the companies to strongly oppose the President’s ban of travel from certain Muslim countries and the halt to the refugee program. I know this because I googled it—and Google is another com-pany that has stepped up as a corporate citizen to say that restricting legal im-migration by visa holders is bad for their bottom line, bad for a nation built by immigrants, and bad for a na-tion that is a leader of and dependent on the world economy. Mr. Speaker, there is no more iconic world brand—no commercial symbol more associated with America and Americans around the world than Coca-Cola. Unlike coffee, Mr. Speaker, I enjoy a Coke and a smile several times a day. The company issued a statement recently that said: ‘‘Coca- Cola Co. is resolute in its commitment to diversity, fairness and inclusion, and we do not support this travel ban or any policy that is contrary to our core values and beliefs.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am not here to adver-tise products or to tell anybody what to shop for or who to buy from, but it is a pretty important moment in our history when America’s largest compa-nies are going out of their way to say that this President’s anti-immigration agenda runs contrary to core values of their corporation and core values of the United States of America. When the CEO of Uber has to resign from a corporate advisory council be-cause the President’s policies are so toxic, you know there is some bad pol-icy there. You see, the reality TV host in the White House who is all about burnishing his own brand, has dam-aged, Mr. Speaker, the most important brand in world history: the American brand, the Statue of Liberty, and the bald eagle. Mr. Speaker, American consumers who drive our economy, the men and women who open up businesses that feed our economy, and those who wake up every day to make the products, at this moment they are being asked to get involved and to make their choices be known. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.000 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1016 February 7, 2017 
As the Starbucks CEO said recently: ‘‘If there is any lesson to be learned over the last year, it’s that your voice and your vote matter more than ever. We are all obligated to ensure our elected officials hear from us individ-ually and collectively.’’ Here is my message: I am not hand-ing over my money to people or compa-nies that take that money and invest in hate, invest in bigotry, invest in dis-crimination; that destroy the image and the reputation of the United States of America. I am not putting one dollar into those companies. I am not going to use my money to support that. I guess I am going to find myself a Starbucks and buy whatever they have there that is not coffee, Mr. Speaker. 
f 
RESOLVING THE MYSTERY OF RAOUL WALLENBERG’S FATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, in 1944, President Roosevelt created the War Refugee Board in order to under-take efforts to rescue Jews from the Nazis and the atrocities of the Holo-caust. That same year, a young Swedish diplomat accepted an appointment to travel to Hungary on a humanitarian mission, in large part sponsored by our War Refugee Board, to help protect Hungary’s Jewish community. This young diplomat, Raoul Wallenberg, risked his life to save tens of thousands of Jews, if not more, from almost cer-tain death in Nazi concentration camps. For his remarkable courage and hu-manitarian spirit, Wallenberg had been recognized and memorialized across the globe. In 1963, Yad Vashem recog-nized him as a righteous man among nations. In 1981, Raoul Wallenberg be-came the second person to be bestowed honorary United States citizenship. In 1995, Congress unveiled a bronze bust dedicated to Wallenberg here in the Capitol, and today, it can be found, ap-propriately, in Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center. Just 3 years ago, Mr. Speaker, Congress awarded the Congressional Gold Medal to Raoul Wallenberg—the highest civilian honor that can be bestowed by Congress. Yet, for all of these memorials and all of these tributes since Raoul Wallenberg was last seen as a free man on January 17, 1945, his true fate re-mains a mystery. For 72 years now, the truth has eluded us and, worse, Raoul’s family, loved ones, and the countless that he saved have been unable to re-ceive the closure they deserve. For many years, my good friend and colleague, the late Tom Lantos took up the mantle of resolving the Wallenberg mystery. Not only was Tom the only Holocaust survivor to ever serve in Congress, but he managed to escape the horrors of the Holocaust, thanks to the actions of Raoul Wallenberg. It was Tom who introduced the legis-lation that became law bestowing hon-orary citizenship to Wallenberg; Tom who kept the focus on this case, never allowing it to be cast aside. It has been 72 years, Mr. Speaker, yet we still do not have the answers. It is now our turn to be asking the unanswered ques-tions. We have a responsibility, indeed an obligation, to do the right thing. It was the United States Government and the War Refugee Board, along with the American Jewish Joint Distribu-tion Committee that largely sponsored Wallenberg’s work in Hungary. We named him an honorary citizen and we bestowed upon him the highest honors. Yet, we have not done what needs to be done to resolve the questions sur-rounding his disappearance. When proclaiming Raoul Wallenberg a United States citizen, President Reagan asked: How can we comprehend the moral worth of a man who saved tens and tens of thousands of lives, in-cluding those of Congressman and Mrs. Lantos? We cannot possibly comprehend Raoul Wallenberg’s moral worth, Mr. Speaker, but we must ask ourselves what our moral worth is if we don’t do everything in our power to end this 72- year search for answers. I have presented a bipartisan resolu-tion, H. Res. 58, which seeks to raise awareness of the Wallenberg case. This resolution builds upon the tireless ef-forts of so many: Wallenberg’s parents; his half-brother, Guy; Guy’s daughters, Marie and Louise; and Raoul’s half-sis-ter, Nina. It was Nina, Mr. Speaker, who served as guest of honor at the Congressional Gold Medal ceremony in this building in 2012. This resolution builds upon the tremendous research by the scholars and volunteers over the years by rais-ing outstanding questions that linger to this very day. The resolution also urges the admin-istration, from the President on down, to raise the case of Wallenberg to their Russian counterparts, and it calls upon Russia to open its archives so that we can finally get some answers. I urge my colleagues to support this important resolution. Remember, H. Res. 58. I urge all of us to show just a little bit of courage—the same courage that Raoul Wallenberg exemplified—by taking action. It is our duty to remem-ber Raoul’s heroic actions, his sac-rifice, and to build upon his legacy, Mr. Speaker. It is also our duty to bring an end to this tragic injustice and to fi-nally resolve the mystery of the fate of Raoul Wallenberg. 
f 
DENOUNCING HOLOCAUST DENIERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ) for 5 minutes. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to denounce this sad reality: the depraved beliefs of Hol-ocaust deniers have somehow crawled into our national conversation. What is worse is that it is occurring at a time when our government has decided to turn its back on refugees fleeing vio-lence and oppression. What is deeply concerning is that all of this is emanating from the White House, clearly directed by President Trump’s top political strategist, Ste-phen Bannon. Mr. Bannon was the force behind Breitbart News, an alt-right outlet that traffics anti-Semitism, Islamophobia, and White nationalism. When President Trump picked Mr. Bannon as a chief strategist, countless groups condemned it. The Anti-Defa-mation League’s Jonathan Greenblatt warned us that Bannon’s views were ‘‘hostile to core American values.’’ That concern was made crystal clear by the statement President Trump issued on International Holocaust Re-membrance Day, about 10 days ago. The statement inexplicably left out the defining aspect of the Holocaust— the systemic murder of 6 million Jew-ish people. It is crucial to understand why this global day of remembrance even takes place. The United Nations created this calendar event in 2005, partly because fewer Holocaust sur-vivors with personal accounts of the horror they experienced were still alive. Another reason was to combat the smoldering bigotry that still attempts to minimize the death of millions of murdered European Jews. The failure to mention this basic fact on such a day—as all past administrations have— is unbelievable and unacceptable. What is bone-chilling in its insen-sitivity and callous indifference is that, when questioned about the omis-sion, President Trump’s White House spokeswoman acknowledged it was in-tentional. His spokeswoman said in de-fense of leaving out any reference to Jews or anti-Semitism in the state-ment: ‘‘Despite what the media re-ports, we are an incredibly inclusive group and we took into account all of those who suffered.’’ Compounding this refusal to ac-knowledge that Jews were the main target of the Holocaust, the White House spokesman called critics of the statement ‘‘pathetic’’ and ‘‘nit-pick-ing.’’ He tried to gloss over it by sug-gesting a Jew helped prepare the state-ment. The fact is, undeniably, that the Hol-ocaust was about the Jews. Hitler es-tablished what he called the final solu-tion, a state-sponsored policy to exter-minate the Jews and rid them from the planet. Omitting any reference to Jews as the primary driver of Hitler’s and the Nazi’s intentions, is nothing short of sanctioning Holocaust denial by blur-ring the hatred that was its driving force. Yes, it is vital to recognize that others were systematically targeted for extermination, but the number of Jews murdered and the great lengths taken to identify, capture, and annihilate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.002 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1017 February 7, 2017 
them are unprecedented in human his-tory. This is why we mourn those who lost their lives in one of history’s darkest moments. This is why we recommit ourselves to upholding the principle of ‘‘never again.’’ This is why we have an International Holocaust Remembrance Day. A cruel irony is that on this very same day, Trump released his pun-ishing Muslim ban that Bannon report-edly crafted to stop refugees from com-ing into our country. The executive order bans travel to the United States from seven predominantly Islam coun-tries, though we are told that this is not a Muslim ban. The bumbling rollout of the order and unmitigated chaos it caused, has drawn scorn from across the political spectrum, and from allies across the world. Fortunately, our legal system has acted as a check on this ban so far. But it is the Islamophobia at the root of it, which is what Mr. Bannon and the alt-right crowd have long promoted. The Jewish community was quick to see the disturbing historic similarities. In May of 1939, the German liner St. Louis sailed to Cuba with 937 pas-sengers, most of them Jews fleeing the Third Reich. The bulk of the Jewish passengers had applied for U.S. visas and planned to stay in Cuba, but anti- Semitic protests prevented them from even disembarking there. After intense negotiations to try to have Cuba ac-cept the refugees failed, the United States turned the ship away, and the passengers were forced to return to Eu-rope. One-third of them were ulti-mately exterminated by the Nazis. b1015 It was a shameful chapter in our his-tory. Those harsh forces are still at work around the globe, and it is those very same aspirational principles that drive so many immigrants to come to this great Nation. The idea that someone such as Mr. Bannon has actively worked to oppose these values in the past sickens me. The idea that Mr. Bannon now sits on the principals committee on the Na-tional Security Council is also deeply troubling. The prospect that his alt- right views could politicize the deci-sions that put American troops and lives at risk is inexplicable and inex-cusable. But make no mistake, this outrage lies at the feet of Donald Trump, who allowed this oblique denial to go out in his name. So, Mr. Speaker, I stand here today to say that I will not be silent. In the face of cruelty and suffering, I will stand with those who refuse to be by-standers. I will join my voice with those who courageously ask questions instead of thoughtlessly taking orders. Mr. Speaker, the controversy over the Holocaust statement was never just a quibble about words. It is about the memory of 6 million murdered Jews. It is about making sure that no one, especially in the United States of America, denies that its primary pur-pose was, at its core, about Jews. And if we are to make certain that this never happens again, we cannot erase them from history or allow history to repeat itself. Never again. 
f 
1982 VOTE MACHINE RIGGING The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, fake news by the leftist Washington Post has gotten even more shrill and more irrational since Donald Trump became President. At a Republican meeting in Philadel-phia, a felony was committed by the il-legal tape recording and subsequent publication of my private conversation with Vice President M
IKEPENCE about voter fraud. The Washington Post re-ported that I said: ‘‘In my first election in 1982, Democrats rigged about 25 per-cent of the voting machines to vote for everyone on the ballot but me. That’s 11 of 45 machines.’’ Rather than reporting about my being a voter fraud victim or about something else I said that a Federal court decree opened the floodgates for illegal alien voting, The Washington Post did a partisan fake news hit piece and gave me, the voter fraud victim, a four-Pinocchio score on truthfulness. Mr. Speaker, I proudly wear The Washington Post four Pinocchios like a red badge of courage. I know what the truth was. I was there. Here are the facts: In 1982, I was a Republican candidate in Alabama House District 18 at a time when Democrats dominated Alabama. All 31 of Alabama’s statewide elected officials were Democrats. Democrats held every partisan elected office in Alabama’s Tennessee Valley. On election day, angry voters called me nonstop about rigged voting ma-chines that would not allow them to vote for M
OBROOKS . As a former assist-ant district attorney, I knew how to conduct an investigation. I talked with witnesses. I examined documents. An-other attorney did the same. When the polls opened, 11 of 45 voting machines registered votes for all candidates on the ballot except for M
OBROOKS . Not once was my opponent or any other candidate blocked on any machine. My hometown is the birthplace of America’s space program and many of America’s high-tech weaponry. We know math. Mathematically, if there were 26 candidates on the ballot, which there were, and only one name is blocked out, the odds of a particular candidate being blocked out are 1 in 26. If there are two machines that each has one name blocked out, the odds of M
OBROOKS being blocked out both times is 1 in 26 squared, or 1 chance out of 676 chances. If there are 11 machines that each have one name blocked out, the odds that all 11 blocked names are M
O BROOKS are 1 chance in 26 to the 11th power. Hence, the odds that my name, the only name, was accidentally blocked out on 11 different machines, as The Washington Post would have you believe, are 1 chance out of 26 to the 11th power, or 1 chance out of 3.6 quadrillion chances. Conversely, the probability that these 11 voting machines were rigged is 3.6 quadrillion to 1. The evidence is overwhelming. There was no accident. The voting machines were rigged. Who rigged the voting machines? In 1982, every single elected official with control over voting machines was a Democrat. In 1982, I was campaigning in a hotly contested race to be the only Republican legislator in the northern third of Alabama. I was the breach in the Democratic Party dam. Earlier in the campaign, the Demo-cratic Alabama secretary of State, who is now serving hard time in Federal prison, notified me that I would be re-moved from the ballot because my pa-perwork was allegedly not in their files. Fortunately, I had date-stamped copies of the documents I filed, thereby forcing the Democrat secretary of State to back off. The Democrats had motive. The Democrats had opportunity. The Democrats had control. It is fake news for The Washington Post to cover up Democratic sins by suggesting other-wise. Mr. Speaker, The Washington Post’s fake news hit piece begs a broader question: Why would The Washington Post even bother to write about an election they know nothing about that happened over 34 years ago? The an-swer: partisan paranoia. The Demo-crats and their media allies like The Washington Post are so paranoid and angry about President Trump’s elec-tion that they are shrilly lying and lashing out against anybody, anytime, regardless of truth. The Washington Post: fake news, sad. As a footnote, despite the voter fraud, I won the election with 57 per-cent of the vote. In a court-ordered election just 1 year later, voters still angry about Democratic voter fraud re-elected me with 82 percent of the vote. That is 25 percentage points higher than when the Democrats rigged the voting machines. 
f 
COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my serious concern regarding President Trump’s respect for, and adherence to, the United States Constitution. In short, some-thing is not right at the White House. His behavior suggests that he has lit-tle regard for the judicial branch of our government. If the President has pur-posely acted in contradiction of a court’s order, he would be in violation of the Constitution, and this Congress would be required to act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.004 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1018 February 7, 2017 
Today, I am filing a resolution call-ing for the Department of Justice to appoint an independent counsel to in-vestigate whether the President or his staff directed, or knowingly allowed, Customs and Border Protection to vio-late court orders designed to freeze the implementation of the January 27 Mus-lim travel ban executive order. I strongly disagree with the contents of the executive order in question. It targets people based on their religion, and it instilled fear across the country. It violates our Nation’s values and the idea that, in America, people aren’t judged by the color of their skin or by the religion they practice but, instead, by their character. This plays right into the hands of terrorists who would use it as a recruiting tool around the world to inflame those who seek to do Americans harm at home and abroad. Let me be clear, though. My dis-approval of the President’s unfair exec-utive order did not motivate the intro-duction of this resolution. This resolu-tion concerns only the President’s ad-herence to a judicial order. The ques-tion is whether he knowingly allowed Customs and Border Patrol to violate that order. I hope the investigation will find that the President and his administra-tion fully complied with court orders concerning his executive order. How-ever, if President Trump overstepped and purposely violated the judiciary, the Congress should censure him. If, after censure, the President again dis-regards our Nation’s systems of checks and balances and separation of powers, the Congress should take steps to re-move him from office. During his campaign and in the time since his election, President Trump has promised to be a law-and-order Presi-dent. Well, the court system is central to upholding the law and ensuring order in our Nation. It represents the way that we, as Americans, peacefully and civilly resolve disputes. Respect for the judiciary isn’t just a constitu-tional requirement for the President, it is a requirement for all of us. President Trump is no stranger to our judicial system. He spent his career using the courts to sue his foes and set-tle his broken promises. Now it is time for him to keep the promise he made to the American people when he took the oath of office last month. He must fol-low the law and abide by our Constitu-tion. Defending our democracy requires vigilance and stern action. Our Found-ers wisely designed our government so that no court, no Congress, and no President could gain a dangerous amount of power. If we in Congress cede our responsibility to keep the ex-ecutive in check, we risk being complicit in creating a constitutional crisis. My resolution seeks to defend our Republic and our precious founding documents. Each of us in Congress swore to support the Constitution. I urge all Members of this body to put country before party and vote in favor of this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will remind Members to refrain from improper references to the Presi-dent. 
f 
COMPETING VISIONS OF THE FUTURE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, our Nation has come to a crossroads be-tween two competing visions for the fu-ture that don’t easily reconcile. At such times as these, emotions run very high. The good news is that our institu-tions are the best ever designed to re-solve such political disputes. And it comes down to this: In other countries, the government is the sovereign and rights flow from it to the people; here in America, the people are sovereign. In America, the sovereign does not govern; it hires help to govern during an election. In between elections, the sovereign people debate how the hired help is doing. That is the real debate, the one that goes on every day over backyard fences and family dinner ta-bles wherever Americans gather. After that family discussion, we decide whether to fire the hired help or keep it for another cycle. As long as we are with each other and not shouting at each other, our system works very well. Once in our history, we stopped talk-ing with each other. That was the elec-tion of 1860. That election was marked not by reconciliation, but by rioting in those regions where the opposition dominated. The opposition party re-fused to accept the legitimacy of the election itself. Political leaders pledged resistance to the new adminis-tration by any means necessary. They asserted the doctrine of nullification, the notion that any dissenting State or city that opposed Federal laws could simply refuse to obey them. Finally came the secession movement, the ulti-mate rejection of our Constitution and our rule of law. Have we not started down that road once again? Even before the election, we saw vio-lent mobs carrying foreign flags phys-ically attack Americans for the sole reason that they wanted to attend a political rally for the candidate of their choice. The violence in Berkeley last week warns us that this behavior is rising. Some prominent elected officials are again asserting the doctrine of nul-lification by declaring that their juris-dictions are sanctuaries where Federal immigration laws will simply be ig-nored. In California, the formal ces-sation movement is supported by near-ly a third of the population of my own suffering State. Now, I held more than a hundred townhall meetings in my district throughout the last 8 years, spanning the entire life of the Tea Party and the Occupy Wall Street movements. Through all of these heated debates, the police have never had to intervene, until this weekend in Roseville, when the Roseville Police Department deter-mined that the size and temper of the crowd required a police escort to pro-tect me as I left the venue. b1030 Now, the vast majority of the people attempting to attend this meeting were peaceful, decent, law-abiding folks who sincerely opposed Donald Trump, and they wanted to make their views known to their elected represent-ative. But, there was also a well-orga-nized element that came to disrupt, and disrupt they did. Now, in the last four elections, our country has turned dramatically away from the left. The Democrats have lost 67 House seats, 12 Senate seats, 10 Gov-ernors, more than 900 State legislative seats, and now the Presidency. That happened, in large part, because those who opposed their policies talked with their neighbors about the future of our country. Instead of pursuing that successful example, the radical left seeks not to persuade their fellow citizens by reason but rather to impose its views by bul-lying, insulting, intimidating, and, as in Berkeley, by physically attacking their fellow citizens. This is not a tac-tic likely to change minds, but, if it persists, it could tear down the very in-stitutions of democracy that have served us so well for so long. I would ask the many sincere citizens who have been caught up with this dis-ruptive element: Do you object because the President is breaking his promises, or do you object because he is keeping them? If your objection is because the President is keeping the promises he made to the American people, is that not because the sovereign people, your neighbors and fellow countrymen, di-rected these changes over the last four elections? If you love our country, and that love for our country is greater than your hatred of our President, I implore you to engage in a civil discussion with your fellow citizens. That is what true democracy looks like. 
f 
OUR CONSTITUTIONAL SYSTEM OF CHECKS AND BALANCES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. D
ESANTIS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. D
ESANTIS. Mr. Speaker, the Founding Fathers believed that our constitutional system of checks and balances and separation of powers were the people’s primary protection for their liberty, and they saw the usurpa-tion of authority by a single branch to be dangerous to the constitutional sys-tem. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.006 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1019 February 7, 2017 
Now, there has been a focus this weekend on Presidential tweets regard-ing the courts, and I think this de-serves attention. My view is that the President’s broadsides against the courts will likely hurt the govern-ment’s case on appeal, and were, there-fore, counterproductive. I would advise to focus on substance rather than on general broadsides. But I think it is also important to point out and to criticize the substance of the decision that was made by the Federal court in Seattle because that decision represented a departure from the judicial role. The judge in that case exercised his political will, not his legal judgment, which is the antithesis of how Alexander Hamilton described the proper role of the courts in the Federalist Papers. The judge there—if you read the opinion, it is a cursory opinion—didn’t even attempt to wrestle with the law at issue in the President’s executive actions on immigration. The reason why that is important is because the law is very, very clear. This Congress has enacted a statute, section 1182(f) of the immigration laws that says that the President has the authority to suspend entry of foreign nationals when the President finds that entry would be detrimental to the interests of the U.S. And so that is what was cited. That provision of the law has not been questioned in over 60 years. The court in Seattle, though, ques-tioned effectively the wisdom of the ex-ecutive order, not really the legality. And there was a part of the oral argu-ment before the judge issued his tem-porary retraining order where he said that there hasn’t been any terrorism from any foreign national from any of the seven countries that were enumer-ated from the visa suspension. It is Iran, Iraq, Syria, Somalia, Libya, Sudan. And he said confidently that that had not happened. Well, that is not true. If you look at just recently, you had the attacker in St. Cloud, Minnesota, September 2016, who was a Somali refugee. You have the Ohio State attacker. That was just 2
1⁄2months ago. He was running people over on campus and wielding a butcher knife going after people. He was a ref-ugee from Somalia. You had the two Iraqi refugees ar-rested in Bowling Green, Kentucky. They came as refugees, even though they had been active in fighting and in killing American soldiers and Marines in Iraq. You also have the case, the Federal case in Houston last year with the con-viction of Omar Faraj Saeed Al Hardan. He came as a refugee from Iraq and did get a green card, but he was convicted of material support to ISIS for trying to bomb the shopping malls in Houston, Texas. So you have this judge who is ignor-ing the law, ignoring what Congress has enacted, ignoring the President’s authority, substituting his own policy judgment, and he is not even right on the facts; doesn’t even really know what he is talking about. Here’s the thing, also. Whether there have been attacks or arrests from these countries really is not even relevant to the law at stake. I mean, Bush could have suspended immigration from Saudi Arabia and Egypt in January 2001. People would have been like: Why are you doing that? What’s going on? Well, eventually, obviously you had foreign nationals from that country commit the 9/11 attacks. The key is, debate the wisdom of the President’s policies. That is totally fine, and people are going to have their views on it. But we should not sit here and act like it is normal for a judge to exercise authority to overrule the Con-gress and the President, when the law is clear, and when you are dealing with an area, in terms of the entry of for-eign nationals, that really centers on the national security interests that both the Congress and the President possess. So our constitutional system re-quires that the branches exercise the authority properly delegated to them. When the branch, any branch—Con-gress, the President, or the courts—de-parts from their proper roles, that is something that we should acknowl-edge, and that is something that we should be concerned with. I have no confidence that the Ninth Circuit is going to reverse it, but I do think that this judge overstepped the judicial role and was, effectively, legis-lating from the bench. That, ulti-mately, is not good for the constitu-tional system and, by extension, the people’s liberties. f 
LET OUR STUDENTS AND TEACHERS SUCCEED The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about some significant changes for our education system that will help rees-tablish local control for our States, for our educators, and, above all else, for our students. The Every Student Succeeds Act, or the ESSA, was passed in December of 2015, with overwhelming bipartisan support in the House and the Senate. This bill took unilateral power over the public school system away from the Secretary of Education in Wash-ington and gave it back to the States and the local education agencies. This change allowed States to develop their own accountability systems with which to measure the success of their schools and educators. However, the final guidance on this law issued by the Obama administra-tion, in November of 2016, contained a number of provisions that significantly expanded the law’s requirements and violated the statute’s prohibition against overreach by the Secretary. Es-sentially, this action ignored congres-sional intent by attempting to con-strain State decisionmaking. Mr. Speaker, the very intent of ESSA is to encourage flexibility and innova-tion in education, not stifle it. This landmark legislation is meant to pre-pare students for the 21st century econ-omy, empower parents to get out of the bleachers and back into the class-rooms, and to allow our dedicated edu-cators to teach and inspire future gen-erations. ESSA moved the Federal Govern-ment out of the way and gave our edu-cators flexibility to forget about the ‘‘teach to the test’’ environment that had become commonplace in our public schools. Teachers were, again, allowed to truly teach and not merely focus on meeting the demands of the Federal Government. Education should serve the needs of our youth, our children, not the needs of government. This happened by taking unprece-dented steps to rein in the unilateral power of the United States Secretary of Education and give it back to the States and local education agencies. It prohibited the Secretary from adding new requirements to State education plans, being involved in the peer-re-view process, and exceeding his or her statutory authority. It also allows school districts to gradually dis-entangle themselves from Common Core without penalty. Mr. Speaker, what we know is that one-size-fits-all options do not work. ESSA was passed with the promise that the Education Department’s role would be limited, and that States would be back in control of education decisions. It is critically important that Congress keep this promise, and that over-regulation will not continue to negatively impact our Nation’s teachers and our students. That is why I support the Congres-sional Review Act resolution in the House today that disapproves of the Obama administration’s requirements that significantly expanded the Depart-ment of Education’s purview regarding accountability and State plans under the Every Student Succeeds Act. This Congress must ensure ESSA is enacted as it was intended and be stripped of any provisions that expand the reach of the Secretary of Edu-cation. Now, I am looking forward to going back to the original intent of this bi-partisan bill that was approved in both Chambers, and I want all of our chil-dren to love learning from passionate teachers who don’t teach to a test, but they teach to the students. Our kids deserve no less. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.007 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1020 February 7, 2017 
Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 41 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. b1200 
f 
AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of the universe, thank You for giving us another day. As the Democratic Caucus prepares to leave for its retreat, bless each Member with skills and the vision to fashion pathways to bringing about what is needed for the benefit of our Nation. Bless the Republican Conference, which remains at the Capitol, with the same gifts, consistent with their own defining skills and vision. In Your wisdom, bless both parties with the grace that is needed to work together to benefit our people. May we all be faithful stewards of the Nation bequeathed to us by our American an-cestors. Please keep all who work for the peo-ple’s House in good health, that they might faithfully fulfill the great re-sponsibility given them in their service to the work of the Capitol. Bless us this day and every day. May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S
CHNEIDER ) come for-ward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SCHNEIDER led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CELEBRATING SOUTH FLORIDA MENTORS (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the organizations that work every day to make a positive im-pact in the lives of south Florida’s youth. By changing the world one woman at a time, the group, Women of Tomor-row, has transformed the lives of more than 11,000 at-risk girls by matching them with a highly accomplished pro-fessional woman and providing them with scholarship opportunities. Another great organization, Mr. Speaker, is Take Stock in Children. It has given low-income students, most of whom come from minority families, a chance to improve their lives through college preparation programs, through scholarships, and by partnering with them with caring mentors. Studies show that children with men-tors achieve more educational success, have higher personal aspirations, and are more confident. I would like to encourage everyone in south Florida to become a mentor and, thereby, make our community a better and safer place for our vulnerable youth. f 
MIDDLE CLASS JOBS CAUCUS (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, as debates over the meaning of last fall’s elections continue, one fact is not in question: The American people want us to work together on commonsense, bipartisan solutions to grow our econ-omy and create good-paying, middle class jobs. Neither party can meet this challenge alone. I am proud to say that Republican Congressman M
IKEGALLAGHER and I have joined together in founding the Middle Class Jobs Caucus to bring greater attention to these issues and to advance proposals to address them. The caucus will meet regularly to address a wide array of key issues facing working families, such as job training and infra-structure and transportation mod-ernization. Every era of prosperity in our history has been built on a thriving middle class. In the plainest terms, middle class jobs mean a strong America. I en-courage all of our colleagues to join us in helping families reach the middle class and stay there. 
f 
HIPAA PRIVACY RULES SHOULD BE TWEAKED (Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, our Nation’s HIPAA patient privacy laws should be improved to allow for compassionate communica-tion between doctors, primary care-givers, families, and patients. Re-cently, the editorial board of the Ob-server-Reporter joined the conversa-tion in support, citing a specific in-stance in Greene County, Pennsyl-vania. They wrote: Christopher was arrested in early Decem-ber and attacked police officers at the scene. Witnessing his erratic behavior, the officers decided to take him to a hospital for a men-tal health evaluation. Christopher was released from the hospital after there was apparently no communica-tion between the hospital’s medical staff and the arresting police officers. 
Less than 4 weeks later, Christopher was shot to death by his brother, Ryan, in what Ryan and others described as self-defense. If only the doctors were allowed to share limited, critically important in-formation with the family, with law enforcement, and with supportive com-munity specialists, this tragedy could have been avoided. The leading predictor of success in treatment for a person with serious mental illness is family involvement. We must change Federal regulations to help, not block, treatment. Until then, there will be more sad stories like Christopher’s every day. 
f 
BUILD ON THE FOUNDATION OF THE ACA (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to efforts to undo the Affordable Care Act without offering at least an equal solution for American families. Take, for example, the story of a woman I will call Anne, a constituent who contacted my office. At 62 years old, Anne’s husband lost his job of nearly 30 years. Along with a good por-tion of their income, her family lost the source of their health insurance. Because Anne works 29 hours per week, she does not receive healthcare bene-fits through her employer. On the ACA marketplace, Anne’s family was able to find affordable cov-erage. She says that when the bottom dropped out of her health care, the ACA was there. She writes: ‘‘My husband, myself, and our daughter in college all work and pay taxes. I cannot fathom why our Federal Government wants to pe-nalize us by undoing a program that is working. Work to improve the ACA. Don’t throw the baby out with the bath water.’’ I could not agree more. Repeal and run is irresponsible and will hurt real people like Anne. We need to build on the foundation of the ACA so more of our families have ac-cess to quality, affordable health care. 
f 
FORMER-LEADER ROBERT ‘‘BOB’’ MICHEL (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.008 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1021 February 7, 2017 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I ask for support and prayers for our giants still among our midst. Leader Bob Michel is struggling and in ill health. Bob was born and raised in Peoria, Illinois. He is 93 years old, a World War II vet, fought across Europe, and was part of the D-day invasion. For 38 years, he served in this Cham-ber being minority leader from the 97th Congress through the 103rd Congress. That is a total of 14 years. Bob was honored by then-House Speaker Foley when he was asked to take the gavel on November 29, 1994. I would encourage my colleagues to look at that C–SPAN tape. Bob, we love you. We are thinking about you at this critical time. 
f 
NO MORAL EQUIVALENCY (Ms. SPEIER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, on Sun-day, I and many Americans watched in horror as our President continued to wax poetic on TV about the bromance with President Vladimir Putin. When the host noted ‘‘But he’s a kill-er,’’ our President came back with: ‘‘There are a lot of killers. You think our country’s so innocent?’’ While our country has made many mistakes, we have not yet seen an au-thoritarian regime brazenly assas-sinate its political dissenters. The same cannot be said for Putin and the growing list of murder victims and dissenters in Russia, including lib-eral politician Boris Nemtsov, former Press Minister Mikhail Lesin, former KGB agent Alexander Litvinenko, and journalist Anna Politkovskaya, to just name a few. There is no moral equivalency be-tween the United States and Russia. We are not yet an autocracy. We are not like Russia, and the President needs to stop relying on alternative facts. 
f 
NORTH KOREA RESOLUTION (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last night, I introduced bipar-tisan resolution H. Res. 92, condemning North Korea’s development of multiple intercontinental ballistic missiles and calling for an application of all avail-able sanctions. Sadly, the dictatorship in North Korea has been testing nu-clear weapons, threatening the people of South Korea. This resolution clearly outlines the progression of North Korea’s recent ag-gression—nuclear tests, ballistic mis-sile tests, and their willingness to share weapons technology with state sponsors of terrorism like Iran and Syria. It is time to stand up to North Korea’s aggression. An ICBM with a nuclear warhead is a direct threat to the United States and our allies, espe-cially South Korea. Along with Congressman ELIOT E
NGEL , we are the only two Members of Congress to have visited North Korea. I believe this resolution is a crucial first step to achieving peace through strength, especially following Sec-retary of Defense Jim Mattis’ positive visit to South Korea last week. I am grateful this resolution is bipar-tisan, cosponsored by colleagues, Rep-resentatives M
IKE ROGERS , S ETH M
OULTON , TEDYOHO, and B RAD SHER-
MAN, along with the Korea Caucus co- chair G
ERRY CONNOLLY . In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL INSTITUTIONS (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of our international institu-tions that allow us to get along with one another; the WTO, the United Na-tions, the IMF, the World Bank, NAFTA, CAFTA, all of our great inter-national institutions that allow us to amicably resolve our differences. Let me tell you something, Mr. Speaker, with all the misbehavior and problems of the current occupant of the White House, what I am most wor-ried about is this rise of nationalism. We have seen this play out before throughout our history. While no one is as proud to be as American as many of us who have the privilege to serve in this body, the world is more interconnected than ever before. And it is more important than ever before that Republicans and Democrats in this body show our com-mitment to resolving our legitimate disputes and differences amicably through the rule of international law and our international institutions, rather than resorting to violence and warfare. I call upon my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to renew our commit-ment to pursuing peaceful, diplomatic ways of resolving our international dis-putes through international legal bod-ies. 
f 
DIMINISH THE BLIGHT OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to efforts to diminish the blight of human traf-ficking on my district, the country, and the world. Each year, millions of individuals worldwide, most often children and those living in poverty, fall victim to human trafficking. According to the National Human Trafficking Hotline, approximately 550 cases were reported in Florida last year. In my district, Pasco County law en-forcement officials have been hard at work to combat human trafficking and protect victims locally. We have seen it too many times in our own commu-nity. I also wish to highlight the commit-ment to end human trafficking world-wide by the Greek Orthodox Church. This week, His All Holiness Ecumeni-cal Patriarch Bartholomew hosted a forum in Istanbul, Turkey, alongside religious leaders, scholars, and policy-makers to address the issue of modern- day slavery. I commend their cooperative leader-ship and stand with them in promoting peace and human dignity internation-ally. f 
b1215 LET’S KEEP ALL AMERICANS HEALTHY (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise this afternoon because I am appalled by President Trump and my Republican colleagues’ attacks on the health of Americans. My Repub-lican colleagues have spent 6 years dis-paraging the Affordable Care Act from its very inception, describing it as a ‘‘death spiral,’’ ‘‘failure,’’ and ‘‘col-lapsing,’’ but zero time offering up any viable alternative. After 6 years of hollow grandstanding, Republicans now face the clear realization that repealing the Affordable Care Act will dump massive costs on families and businesses, blow a hole in the Federal budget, and strip coverage for more than 30 million Americans. New Jersey has been a positive exam-ple of ACA implementation. Since en-actment, Medicaid expansion through ACA has insured more than 700,000 mid-dle-income New Jersey residents who couldn’t previously afford it. The unin-sured rate in New Jersey dropped from 13.2 percent in 2013 to 8.7 percent in 2015. Mr. Speaker, these are positive trends, but President Trump and Re-publicans in Washington callously dis-regard these facts so they can live up to their reckless promises. I hope that they will see the wisdom in their mis-take and make sure that we keep all Americans healthy. 
f 
REMEMBERING DANIEL D ELOACH (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the life of Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:19 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.011 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1022 February 7, 2017 
Daniel DeLoach of Savannah, Georgia, who passed away on Sunday, January 29, from complications of Proteus dis-ease. He was 30 years old. Mr. DeLoach was born in Savannah to Mike and Julia DeLoach. His par-ents and his siblings, Michael and Kathleen, were his greatest source of support as he battled his disease. Though his debilitating condition re-quired more than 100 surgeries in his lifetime, Mr. DeLoach wasn’t known for his disease; he was known for his zest for life. Mr. DeLoach never regret-ted having the disease. Instead, he brightened every room he entered and never ceased to have a positive outlook on life. This outlook led him to accom-plish some amazing feats while bat-tling the illness. In 2005, he graduated from the Bene-dictine Military School in Savannah and went on to attend the Savannah College of Art and Design, where he earned a degree in industrial design. With his education and personal experi-ence, it was Mr. DeLoach’s goal to im-prove the care of patients and teach others how to best interact with them. Daniel continues to be an inspiration to all of us who were lucky enough to meet him, and his story bears repeat-ing so it may inspire many others for years to come. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL REPUBLICANS ARE PLAYING CHICKEN WITH HEALTH INSURANCE (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, Ameri-cans have too much to lose for Con-gressional Republicans to play chicken with their health insurance. Take a family in my district, Kevin and Kim Filiatraut. Kevin and Kim are young parents of two beautiful chil-dren, ages 7 and 5. As an attorney in Cleveland, the family uses insurance through Kevin’s employment. Kim’s job of 15 years at KeyBank was outsourced to India in 2014. They own a home, and their children go to public schools in Bay Village. In 2015, at age 39, Kim was diagnosed with stage IV breast cancer. When it was found, it had already spread to her liver, and she has been on chemo-therapy ever since and will be ever-more. There is only hope and medicine, indefinitely. She is covered now, but with this pre-existing condition, a repeal of the ACA is daunting. The ACA establishes that she can never be denied enrollment, but congressional Republicans could take this surety away with their brash, nearsighted objective of full repeal of the ACA. Why would we get rid of something that does so much good for Ohioans, for Americans, with nothing and no plan to replace it? Kim’s treatment costs over $500,000 a year. Repeal of the ACA could very well bankrupt this family. And according to The Washington Post, repealing the Affordable Care Act will kill more than 43,000 people in our country, annually. Repeal of the ACA would be the most anti-life measure ever considered or passed by this Con-gress. Please vote against repeal now. f 
WELCOME HOME, ALYSSA (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with hope, thanks, and renewed faith. I am joyful because of a young lady from home, Alyssa Ferguson. She was born on January 7, 2002. Two days after her 12th birthday, Alyssa was told that she had a tumor the size of a baseball in her brain. She did not flinch; she fought—six brain surgeries, three rounds of radiation, and nine rounds of chemotherapy. On January 26, our angel used her wings to fly to God. She always had those wings the entire time she was with us here on Earth. She used her dying wish to have a water well dug in a small town in Africa. Extraordinary. If you close your eyes, you can feel Alyssa’s spirit. Welcome home, Alyssa. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF TOWNSEND WOLFE (Mr. HILL asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, this weekend I had the opportunity to visit the ex-ceptional exhibit of Ansel Adams’ pho-tography, from his early years, at the Arkansas Arts Center, and it made me reflect on the life of Townsend Wolfe, the ultimate southern gentleman and truly a cultural visionary. Townsend passed away earlier this month at the age of 81. Townsend served as the director and chief curator of the Arkansas Arts Cen-ter in Little Rock for 34 years, until his retirement in 2002. That year, he was honored with the Governor’s Arts Award for Lifetime Achievement by the Arkansas Arts Council. During his tenure, the Arts Center experienced un-paralleled growth in numbers of annual visitors and in its exceptional collec-tion. Townsend’s love of art extended be-yond the walls of the galleries, bring-ing beauty into the lives of countless Arkansans. Townsend leaves behind a legacy of warmth and passion, and his contributions to ‘‘The Natural State’’ will continue to live on at the Arkan-sas Arts Center. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Rep-resentatives: OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 7, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on February 7, 2017, at 8:51 a.m.: Appointments: Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (Helsinki). Congressional-Executive Commission on the People’s Republic of China. Board of Trustees of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF HENRY ‘‘HANK’’ ADAMS (Mr. DENHAM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor the life of an exemplary leader in our com-munity, in the Turlock area, and the Assyrian community, Henry ‘‘Hank’’ Adams. The beloved husband, brother, father, and grandfather died at the age of 92 on Friday. He was born and raised in Turlock, California, to Reverend Isaac and Sarah Adams. His father is known as the patriarch of Turlock’s Assyrian community. Isaac encouraged his fel-low Assyrians to join him in the Cen-tral Valley and farm in the rich soils of the region. In 1943, at the age of 18, Henry grad-uated from Turlock High School and enlisted in the Army Air Corps. Henry completed over 20 bombing missions in Japan on the Lucky Lady B–29 bomber. He was discharged at the rank of lieu-tenant in 1947. Henry moved to San Francisco, where he married his wife, Joanne, eventually settling down in Turlock. Henry had a genuine love for his country and his community. He is known for his service and contribu-tions to the Assyrian community, where he continued the legacy that his father left behind. Henry leaves behind the love of his life and his wife of 62 years, Joanne, and their two daughters, Nora Adams and Nellie Adams-Morse. Mr. Speaker, please join me in hon-oring and recognizing the tremendous life of Henry ‘‘Hank’’ Adams for his service to his country, and his unwav-ering leadership and many accomplish-ments and contributions to the Turlock Assyrian community. God bless him always. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.013 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1023 February 7, 2017 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 44, DISAPPROVING RULE SUBMITTED BY DEPART-MENT OF THE INTERIOR RELAT-ING TO BUREAU OF LAND MAN-AGEMENT REGULATIONS; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 57, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF RULE SUBMITTED BY DE-PARTMENT OF EDUCATION RE-LATING TO ACCOUNTABILITY AND STATE PLANS; AND PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 58, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF RULE SUBMITTED BY DE-PARTMENT OF EDUCATION RE-LATING TO TEACHER PREPARA-TION ISSUES Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, by direc-tion of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 91 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 91 Resolved, That upon adoption of this reso-lution it shall be in order to consider in the House the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 44) dis-approving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of the Interior relating to Bureau of Land Management regulations that establish the procedures used to prepare, revise, or amend land use plans pursuant to the Fed-eral Land Policy and Management Act of 1976. All points of order against consider-ation of the joint resolution are waived. The joint resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the joint resolution are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolution and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Natural Resources; and (2) one motion to re-commit. S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House any joint resolution specified in section 3 of this resolution. All points of order against consideration of each such joint resolution are waived. Each such joint resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in each such joint resolu-tion are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on each such joint resolution and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion ex-cept: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce; and (2) one motion to recommit. S
EC. 3. The joint resolutions referred to in section 2 of this resolution are as follows: (a) The joint resolution (H.J. Res. 57) pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to accountability and State plans under the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965. (b) The joint resolution (H.J. Res. 58) pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to teacher preparation issues. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the cus-tomary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and ex-tend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Alabama? There was no objection. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, House Res-olution 91 provides for consideration of three separate joint resolutions in-tended to address government over-reach by using the Congressional Re-view Act process. The first measure deals with the Bureau of Land Manage-ment’s Planning 2.0 rule. This rule rep-resents a remarkable overreach that encroaches on State and local author-ity. By law, BLM is required to coordi-nate with local governments, but this rule would disrupt that longstanding principle. Under the Planning 2.0 rule, faceless bureaucrats in Washington would be tasked with micromanaging much of our Nation’s land and re-sources. The rule also disregards the Department of the Interior’s multiple- use mission. If left intact, the rule will harm grazing, timber, energy, mineral development, and recreation on our public lands. This is government overreach at its worst. The Federal Government should not be telling communities and States what works best for them. Decisions should be made on the local level, with site-specific considerations, not land-scape-level analyses as called for in this rule. For 4 years, I had the privilege of serving on the Planning Commission for the city of Mobile. Land use plan-ning is and has historically been, in the United States, a local function. Imagine a Washington bureaucrat trying to tell planning commissions in municipalities or counties anywhere in the United States how they are going to manage land down to the land-scaping level. That is not the role of the Federal Government. That is not what our Founding Fathers had in mind when they created this govern-ment. Yet this regulation would take us somewhere we have never been be-fore. Making matters worse, this regula-tion was pushed through in the waning days of the Obama administration, making it one the many midnight reg-ulations jammed through at the last minute. b1230 This Congressional Review Act meas-ure is supported by over 60 organiza-tions, ranging from the American Farm Bureau Federation to the Na-tional Association of Counties, to the National Mining Association. There is broad support for revisiting this mis-guided rule. This rule also provides for consider-ation of Congressional Review Act measures for two rules from the De-partment of Education. Now, typically, in America, we think of education as a local and State endeavor. The Federal Government provides 15 percent, on av-erage, of the funding for local school systems. Yet, we know that the Fed-eral Government comprises over 50 per-cent of the requirements for red tape and paperwork. That imbalance harms our ability to deliver education at the local level where it matters the most. As a member of the House Education and the Workforce Committee, I have been a consistent advocate for ensuring control over education is largely left in the hands of local school boards, teach-ers, parents, and administrators who know their students best. I was very pleased to see Congress pass the Every Student Succeeds Act in 2015, which replaced No Child Left Behind and fundamentally changed our Nation’s K–12 education policies. Even better, this was a bipartisan effort that brought Members from both sides of the aisle together; and, yes, it was signed by President Obama. The Wall Street Journal called the Every Student Succeeds Act ‘‘the larg-est devolution of Federal control to the states in a quarter-century.’’ A major goal of our reform bill was to empower States to create their own accountability systems. This is some-thing else that has been consistent throughout American history. We have looked to the States to put in these ac-countability systems. I served on the Alabama State Board of Education. This is much of what we did. While there are broad-guiding prin-ciples outlined in the law, the intent of Congress was for there to be very little Federal involvement in the account-ability process. Despite clear efforts in the Every Student Succeeds Act to limit the influence of the Federal Sec-retary of Education, the rule proposed by the Department of Education deal-ing with accountability gave far too much control to the Secretary, which ultimately harms our students. Most concerning, the rule will re-strict the flexibility that was at the core of the philosophy behind the Every Student Succeeds Act. We heard from local administrators, local school board members, State su-perintendents of education, State school board members from all over the country, from all types of States and all types of communities. They wanted to have more flexibility. They wanted to have their own control over their accountability programs. When the rule was first proposed, leaders in the House and Senate sent a very clear and thorough explanation of their concerns to the Department of Education. In fact, I even expressed my concerns about the proposed rule’s con-tradiction of the statute directly to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.015 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1024 February 7, 2017 
then-Secretary of Education. Unfortu-nately, most of the concerns of Con-gress went unaddressed. The final rule gives far too much authority to the Federal Department of Education and stands in direct contrast to law passed by Congress. As States work on their account-ability plans, it is important that they have certainty that the Federal Gov-ernment will not continue to exert undue power and influence over the process. Through this Congressional Review Act challenge, we can ensure control is at the State and local level and prevent unnecessary Federal over-reach into our classrooms. Finally, this rule provides for a Con-gressional Review Act resolution over-turning the Obama administration’s teacher preparation regulation. This is yet another rule that would exert far too much Federal authority over an area that has been traditionally re-served for the States. Teacher prepara-tion is critically important to the suc-cess of our Nation’s education system, but it is a process that has been suc-cessfully controlled and implemented at the State level with some grant as-sistance from the Federal Government. What might work to prepare a teach-er in one State is totally different from what might work in another State. This rule makes no acknowledgment of that fact. This regulation sets up a one-size-fits-all Federal system, which is not what Congress intended. As a former member of the Alabama State Board of Education, I can attest that we have highly qualified people who worked very hard every day to make sure we have skilled teachers in our schools who are adequately pre-pared. These school board members do not need the Federal Government to intervene and place additional burdens and requirements on them. The chal-lenges are serious enough as it is. Sadly, this regulation is just another attempt to allow bureaucrats in Wash-ington to micromanage our States and local school districts. Groups like the American Council on Education and The School Superintendents Associa-tion expressed their concerns with the Federal overreach created by this rule. This resolution would block this un-necessary Federal involvement and keep control in the hands of the States, where it belongs. Each of the three bills covered by this rule focus on taking power away from bureaucrats in Washington and, instead, empowering States and local communities. Heavy-handed policies from Washington have failed time and time again. It is critical that we use our power to overturn these over-reaching regulations. It is clearly what the American people elected to us do. Many on the other side of the aisle claim that, while they disagree with portions of these rules, Congress should not use the CRA process because it blocks the agencies from reissuing a rule in ‘‘substantially the same form.’’ However, this argument ignores the fact that the statute clearly states an agency may enact a similar rule if it is subsequently authorized by law. Thus, the CRA gives Congress the ability to rein in an out-of-control agency until we, the legislative branch, can give it further instruction. Members on both sides of the aisle should welcome the chance to use this tool to make sure our legislative intent is actually followed by those imple-menting the law. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support House Resolution 91 and the underlying bills. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, one of the greatest hon-ors that I have had as a Member of Congress has been the opportunity to serve on the Education and the Work-force Committee and on the conference committee that put the Every Student Succeeds Act together in its final form. Before coming to Congress, I chaired the Colorado State Board of Education; I founded two charter schools, the New America School and the Academy of Urban Learning; and I worked closely with educators, school board members, and parents across our State to im-prove the quality of our schools in Col-orado. I know firsthand the impact that Federal education policy has on States, on school districts, on schools, and on the families that they serve. So when I arrived in Congress, I was excited to roll up my sleeves and get to work on education policy. One of the top issues in education when I arrived has always been the de-sire to replace No Child Left Behind, an outdated and inflexible law that, in many ways, set schools up for failure, with a new and better way of making sure that every student has the oppor-tunity to succeed. I heard from so many of my constitu-ents that, under No Child Left Behind, schools were testing too much, dis-tricts lacked the flexibility they need-ed, and the Colorado Department of Education—like so many other State departments of education—was effec-tively at the whim of the U.S. Depart-ment of Education with regard to their State plans, effectively living waiver to waiver. That is no way to go about Federal education policy. It is why the Every Student Succeeds Act was so badly needed. Now, early on, the work on the Every Student Succeeds Act wasn’t as colle-gial as it should have been. Repub-licans introduced a hyperpartisan bill. It passed this Chamber with no Demo-crat votes and many Republicans vot-ing against it as well. But throughout the process, one thing remained the same: Members were committed to moving past No Child Left Behind and replacing it with a bill that put the in-terests of students first. Finally that happened last Congress, 15 years after the passage of No Child Left Behind and almost 6 years after the expiration of the authorizing statute; but, finally, Congress did its job. I am proud to say that everyone on the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee has shown that we believe that every child deserves a great education. We may have different ideas at times about how to achieve that goal, and that is okay, but we all value the re-sult of ensuring opportunity for every child in our country. It was that very commitment and value, as well as our willingness to work together, that produced the Every Student Succeeds Act. The bill passed overwhelmingly in the majority Republican House and Senate, and was signed by our then-Democratic Presi-dent. It was and continues to be a bright spot of the last Congress, and what too often seems a Congress that is overwhelmed by partisanship. Unfortunately, the bipartisanship under ESSA potentially ends with this bill. House Republicans have filed the resolution using the Congressional Re-view Act to overturn a key regulation consistent with the law that was final-ized by the Obama administration in December. Now, before diving into the details of this particular Congressional Review Act that is considered under this rule, I want to say a little bit about the process. We should look no further than the U.S. Constitution in learning how sepa-ration of powers works. There are three branches of government: the legisla-tive, executive, and judicial. Each branch is separate, independent, and coequal, and different in how they function. That is an important back-ground and a critical context in evalu-ating this legislation. When Congress passed and the Presi-dent signed the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act in December of 2015, the process didn’t end. Many bills, espe-cially one as extensive as ESSA, re-quire clarification from the Depart-ment of Education, the agency charged with executing the law. The text of the ESSA anticipated that. In fact, the law describes in detail how the Department of Education should and shouldn’t write regulations. Frankly, that had been some of the problem under No Child Left Behind, is it lacked suffi-cient congressional direction with re-gard to the waiver process which was used effectively at the full discretion of then-Secretary of Education Duncan and President Obama. It took the Department a year and a multistakeholder process, ensuring every voice was heard. Sure enough, a year after the legislation was passed, the Department of Education finalized its rules on accountability. Last week, House Republicans took the first step towards taking a sledge-hammer to that entire implementa-tion. Rules that have extensive buy-in from stakeholders and are the blue-print for States in developing our State education plans would be thrown out 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.017 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1025 February 7, 2017 
under this rule, effectively throwing public education into chaos across all 50 States and completely disregarding the hard work of educators, parents, school board members, superintend-ents, and principals over the last year. The two education-related CRAs we are considering on the floor were intro-duced last Wednesday night. That is four legislative days between introduc-tion and action. Once more, the CRAs weren’t treated through the committee process. We did not consider them in the Education and the Workforce Com-mittee. There were no hearings, no markups. In fact, the full Education and the Workforce Committee hasn’t even had a markup yet with regard to a K–12 bill. I am honored to be the ranking mem-ber on the Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Education, which has jurisdiction over one of these three CRAs under this bill. We had no hearings or markups on this bill. It is really a disservice to the over 50 new Members of this Congress—no imprint on this bill—as well as the Members at large, that this committee avoids the regular process. It is also counter to promises that were made by Republican leadership about returning to regular order. The actions today couldn’t be further from regular order because Republicans have chosen to utilize the Congressional Re-view Act to move bills from introduc-tion to the floor without going through committee. Unfortunately, the Congressional Re-view Act not only overturns regula-tions, but it prevents the Department of Education from writing a new regu-lation that is similar to the regulation that was overturned. Now, Mr. B
YRNE mentioned that there can be subsequent legislation that allows it. Let me point out that Every Student Succeeds Act was over 5 years overdue. It took Congress 5 years after the initial expiration of No Child Left Behind to even replace the author-izing statute. So if that is Congress’ in-tent, we are putting the cart before the horse. We should alter or change the authorizing statute in a way that Democrats and Republicans agree, rather than throw out the work that has already occurred. This statute would effectively tie the hands of the recently confirmed Sec-retary of Education DeVos and prevent her from implementing the will of this body through the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act. Over the past few weeks, my office has received hundreds of pieces of mail regarding education, largely in opposi-tion to Secretary DeVos; but I think the issue is that Secretary DeVos, who was recently confirmed—this CRA would prevent her from doing her job and implementing the Every Student Succeeds Act. Let me just say that this guidance on accountability isn’t just for show. It is at the very heart of the Every Student Succeeds Act, which Democrats and Republicans supported. It has real im-pact. I want to close my opening remarks with a story about that real impact from Christina in Pennsylvania, whose son has a learning disability. Christina’s son has always had a tough time in school due to diagnosed dys-lexia, dysgraphia, and ADHD. While he is a smart and personable kid, when it came time to read and write, he could be thought of as the ‘‘bad’’ kid too often, and he acted out. It would have been easy for the school to write him off without the protections that are offered under IDEA, but, luckily, he was required to participate in assessments. That ac-countability encouraged the school to work harder and to stick with it and to figure out why this otherwise smart student couldn’t read simple words in different places on a page or dem-onstrate his achievement of knowledge. b1245 If his school wasn’t required to show student progress, there wouldn’t have been the incentive for them to invest their time and money in helping his special needs. Without accountability, Christina’s son’s school would have had little incentive to set appropriate edu-cational goals for him and offer the support necessary to reach them. Accountability requirements inform school administrators, teachers, par-ents, students, and the community at large that all students have a learning goal and make sure that all students have the tools to get there. Today, Christina’s son is a college freshman majoring in biology with a 3.2 GPA. The accountability in this CRA that would be thrown out would undermine the very accountability that allowed not only Christina’s son to succeed but so many other children across our country. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to respond just briefly to a couple of points that my colleague from Colorado made, and I want to compliment him and his serv-ice on our committee. He is a tremen-dous member, and we appreciate his leadership. We had a little bit of a constitutional law lesson there. The truth of the mat-ter is, the Department of Education only exists because of an act of Con-gress. The only powers it has are the powers that we give them through the authorizing legislation. What we au-thorize, we can unauthorize. The Every Student Succeeds Act took back a number of things we had authorized under No Child Left Behind. This is no violation of the separation of powers under the Congressional Review Act when we look at a rule-making au-thority that we have given to a Federal agency and see that they have done it in a way that is contrary to congres-sional intent and we take it back. We have the authority to do that, and we should take it back when we see over-reach like this. He also brought up how this might tie the hands of our new Secretary of Education, and I will take this point in time to congratulate her on her con-firmation. What this will require her to do is to work with the Congress to make sure that we are on the same page. I remember very clearly when the former Secretary of Education came before our committee. I, and many oth-ers, pleaded with him not to put out this rule because we told him this is not in keeping with the intent of Con-gress and with the words of Congress in the statute. He went forward anyway. I believe Secretary DeVos is going to work with Congress to make sure, as the Department of Education, under her management begins to implement this law, it is done so in keeping with the letter and the spirit of the law. I hope that that is what we will do between the legislative branch and the executive branch and every department of government, but, in the last 8 years, we didn’t see very much of that. We ba-sically had the executive branch of government force feeding things to us. I think it is high time that we take action, whatever party we are in, to ex-ercise our Article I powers to make sure we maintain control over the things we created through our author-izing statutes. So I don’t foresee the problems with the incoming Secretary of Education that my good friend from Colorado does. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN). Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
YRNE ) for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I represent a part of the country that is the economic engine of not only Texas but our entire Nation. My Houston area district and the sur-rounding districts are responsible for some of the strongest economic growth in our entire country. These are good, well-paying jobs. There are few places in the Nation where you can graduate from high school, get some trade school certifications, and then be earn-ing close to six figures just a couple of years out of high school. You can do that in my district, where the petrochemical plants are thriving because of the low cost of crude oil and natural gas. Manufacturing is coming back and growing strongly in the pe-trochemical sector. Over $150 billion is being invested by American chemical countries across the Nation, with the largest concentration in the Houston area. The previous administration took nu-merous steps to stop the oil and gas boom, and the Bureau of Land Manage-ment rule that was published in the waning days of the Obama administra-tion was an example of one such over-reach. This ill-advised rule was aimed at removing States and localities from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.018 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1026 February 7, 2017 
the BLM decisionmaking process and centralizing decisionmaking by a few political appointees here in Wash-ington, D.C. This move simply undermines local communities and States. It undermines our ability to develop oil and gas re-sources on public lands. It threatens American jobs. I call on my colleagues to put Amer-ican manufacturing first. A vote for this bill today is a vote for American manufacturing jobs, many of them high-paying, blue-collar jobs and many of them union jobs across America’s petroleum and chemical plants. I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-port and vote for this bill. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am seeing a lot of feigned indignation about the account-ability provisions of this bill. It wasn’t that long ago when we passed the Every Student Succeeds Act when Democrats and Republicans came down here and said we are giving the Sec-retary specific authority around ac-countability for preventing Secretaries from doing rogue things that both sides have perceived previous Secretaries had done, and the authorizing statute was passed by Democrats and Repub-licans. Now, all of a sudden, we have Repub-licans coming down here gutting the very accountability provisions that they themselves lauded under the bi-partisan Every Student Succeeds Act, which passed in this body overwhelm-ingly, as well as in the U.S. Senate. It is a little hard to understand how Republicans are upset with the very authority around specific parameters around that authority that they spe-cifically gave to the Secretary of Edu-cation. Again, if there are particular quibbles, there is a different Secretary of Education now. Those rules can be changed through a stakeholder proc-ess—and they may very well be—but now Republicans are seeking to tie the hands of the new Secretary of Edu-cation and throwing out all of the hard work that I got to see people in Colo-rado working on, and I know occurred in many other States, to come up with thoughtful, sensible accountability plans that met the legislative intent of Democrats and Republicans in this body. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROWLEY ), the chair of the Democratic Caucus. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for yield-ing. Mr. Speaker, first, let me say that the previous question and the rule should be defeated not just because it is designed to undo the protections that help the American people but be-cause voting for this will prevent Con-gress, this Chamber, this body from clearly rejecting some of the White House’s worst behavior. Just over a week ago, the White House issued a statement on Inter-national Holocaust Remembrance Day. That statement failed to mention that 6 million Jewish people were killed in the Holocaust. It never mentioned them. It is deeply troubling because the United States has, until now, been at the forefront of the fight against ef-forts that would deny the extent of Jewish suffering and death during the Holocaust. And yes, there are still many deniers of the Holocaust who traffic in conspiracy and claim the whole thing never happened. It should be a shocking omission coming from the White House, but, frankly, not all that surprising for an administration based on a campaign that trafficked in anti-Semitism. But you know what? I thought to myself: maybe they will fix the state-ment; maybe this is all a misunder-standing, an accident. But no, they didn’t fix it. They doubled down and they defended it. Not only that, we found out that the White House pur-posely took out the language stating that Jews died in the Holocaust. So it was not an error. It was purposeful from beginning to end. Now, I know this: the White House thinks it is living in a post-factual world. They think that they can get away with saying anything they like and anything they want and that peo-ple will just believe it. But the truth is, what they say has very, very real con-sequences. Even after our parents and grand-parents, the Greatest Generation, fought and worked so hard to defeat Nazism, now we see a public dinner party held right here in this city where people were doing the Nazi salute. Even after there has been so much work to stop targeting religions, now we are seeing a resurgence of swastikas across the country and around the world. Even after law enforcement has worked hard to protect our people, now there is a wave of bomb threats against synagogues. This is what is happening. This is fact. Frankly, those now feeling emboldened were inspired by the Presi-dent, first in his campaign and now in his Presidency. We all know that one of the Presi-dent’s members of his National Secu-rity Council led a website that fosters extremist views. So don’t count me amongst the surprised when the White House issues a statement like this, but don’t expect me to accept it either. None of us, Democrat nor Republican, should accept it. So I urge my colleagues to vote against this previous question, against this rule, to allow consideration of a resolution that states this Congress’ clear position against Holocaust deniers. We need to restate the truth as clearly as we can. The White House was wrong on this issue, and here are some more facts. Yes, the Holocaust happened. No, the Jewish people weren’t simply another group of people in a long list of targets. The Holocaust was designed to elimi-nate the Jewish people from the face of the Earth. Other groups of people were targeted and killed, but anti-Semitism was at the core of the Nazi ideology of a Final Solution. As the late Nobel Peace Prize recipi-ent Elie Wiesel said, while receiving the Congressional Gold Medal from President Ronald Reagan: ‘‘It is true that not all victims were Jews, but all the Jews were victims.’’ I implore my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to reject this measure so that we can, in a bipartisan way, ex-press the truth. If people aren’t going to tell the truth about this then we are all lost. Truthfully, I found the White House statement to be shameful. It needs to stop, and it needs to stop now. This is your chance to lend your voice to the record. Will you stand with me? Will you stand against Jewish Holocaust deniers? Don’t be enablers. This is your opportunity. There may not be another to repudiate what the White House has done. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this previous question and vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the pas-sionate remarks of the gentleman from New York. The Holocaust is something that all of us should learn more about and take seriously. There are people today who would seek to destroy the Nation of Israel. The leadership of Iran has said that over and over again, yet the previous administration reached an egregious deal with them that puts the Nation of Israel at risk. So I take no back seat to anybody in standing up for the Jewish people, as I and many other people in this body have done, but we are here today to talk about two education bills and a third bill dealing with the Bureau of Land Management. I would like to re-direct our debate to those subjects. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Holocaust was an unspeakable atrocity resulting in the murder of more than 6 million Jews. As a Jewish American, it is very difficult to talk about. But, of course, in my own family, I can only imagine the grief that my grandparents and great grandparents had not knowing, not hearing from their relatives in the old country. And, of course, finding out the very worst—that they had disappeared. b1300 I know my Uncle Henry, who lives in New York with his wife, Arlene, my dad’s sister, who was able to escape Vi-enna on a Kindertransport, one of the very last ones, as a young man, effec-tively growing up as an orphan in Swit-zerland during the war and escaping the mass slaughter that killed most of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:46 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.020 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1027 February 7, 2017 
his family targeted, of course, merely because they were Jews. The Holocaust was a deliberate and planned act of slaughter and genocide against the Jewish people; and the fact that it was targeted against the Jewish people, resulting in over 6 million deaths, cannot be delinked from our re-membrance of one of the greatest hor-rors of modern history. It is especially troubling in the cur-rent environment, where we have seen an increase in anti-Semitism and rac-ism, generally, since the election of President Trump. Just last week, the Jewish Community Center in my dis-trict in Boulder, Colorado, had to close because of a bomb threat, the families and children sent home. We have seen swastikas on New York City subways and in our schools. Frankly, I think many Jewish Amer-icans are fearful about what the inten-tions are of the occupant of the White House and his top advisers and what we can do as a country to combat this; and it is exactly the wrong message to send on Holocaust Remembrance Day, to leave out the obvious truth that con-tinues to be denied by anti-Semitic leaders around the world, including former Presidents of Iran and Supreme Leaders of Iran and others, that the Holocaust was a deliberate effort of terror and genocide directed against the Jewish people by the Nazi regime. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the pre-vious question, I will offer an amend-ment to the rule to bring up Mr. C
ROW-
LEY’s resolution which would reiterate the fact that the Nazi regime targeted the Jewish people and calls on the ex-ecutive branch to affirm this fact. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Col-orado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, over the last few years, one complaint I have heard over and over is how inconsistent education policy has been. States have been using waivers at the discretion of the Department of Education. Finally, educators, school board members, fam-ilies, hope that ESSA, the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act, could provide more stability. Unfortunately for States, undoing the accountability CRA would only reenergize that uncertainty. For months, States have been work-ing on their State plans, and I have had the opportunity to join our Colorado group that has been working on that plan as required under the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act. We have had guid-ance from the Department of Edu-cation since last November, and we have been writing our State plans with that in mind. Now, if this regulation is overturned, it would pull the rug out from States that have been working diligently to enact their plans. Likewise, H.J. Res. 58, another edu-cation-related bill that would occur under this rule, would effectively un-ravel the Department of Education’s teacher preparation regulations. In the Higher Education Act, States are re-quired to assess the effectiveness of teacher prep programs, and this regula-tion simply provides guidance for how States can do that, making sure our teacher training programs work, mak-ing sure that we are improving the quality of our public educators. This provision also requires that TEACH grant recipients attend high- performing teacher prep programs. It is not a matter of picking winners and losers; it is making sure that our tax-payer dollars are used effectively to train high-quality educators. If money is going to be invested in future teachers at high-needs schools, we want to make sure that teachers are attending the highest quality pro-grams available. At the end of the day, a great education starts with a great teacher in the classroom, and this re-quirement ensures that even the need-iest students have access to a great teacher. Taken together, these two bills represent a strategic attempt by Republicans to undermine public edu-cation. The other CRA, which is completely unrelated to the two education-related CRAs, is actually related to a land management issue. I want to describe why that is a bad idea as well. I come from a Western State. My dis-trict that I represent is over 60 percent public lands, so this BLM plan will ac-tually affect my district, and that is why I am so impassioned to speak here today and listen to others in my State about this rule. A revision of this BLM plan is long overdue. Few plans or rules can remain relevant for decades, and BLM’s plan-ning was last drafted in 1983. Needing a new planning system may not sound like the most exciting thing in the world, but it is actually critical be-cause it can impact everything from cultural to environmental resources, to jobs in the economy in our district which relate to our use of public lands. That is why I have been contacted by groups of sportsmen, county commis-sioners, outdoor recreation groups, and conservationists asking how Congress can be wasting their time repealing something that makes BLM’s process more transparent and conclusive. Local control and constituent input are top priorities for those of us who live in and around public land, particu-larly in the West, so it makes sense that many counties and groups in Colo-rado who have worked with BLM of-fices on land use are pleading with Con-gress not to use a CRA to repeal this commonsense rule and join their voices with ours in opposition to this rule and this bill. The kinds of groups opposed to this bill include the International Mountain Bicycling Association be-cause they know that, even though the planning process isn’t perfect and, of course, can be refined, it would be a huge mistake to throw out the whole thing and bar the BLM from making necessary modernizations moving for-ward, especially when the Republicans are in the driver’s seat. Hunting and fishing groups and out-door industry businesses, like the Out-door Industry Association, Backcountry Hunters & Anglers, and the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership, know that this planning process will give them the voice they need in the planning process without diminishing anyone else’s role. I be-lieve that those who have actually ex-perienced and been part of the process are the voices that need to be heeded when we are determining if the plan-ning has been a success. Here are a few of the quotes from some counties in Western States that have been part of the process and sup-port the new planning system. From Lewis and Clark County in Idaho: A great example of the potential of Plan-ning 2.0 can be found in eastern and central Idaho, where the BLM is preparing to engage in a land use planning process for public lands from the big desert to the benches of the Salmon River. At the behest of local BLM leadership, which has already been op-erating under the spirit of Planning 2.0, a number of sporting groups, conservation or-ganizations, and Salmon Valley stewardship have reached out to a wide-ranging constitu-ency of ranchers, loggers, motorized users, sportsmen, and other groups. The benefit of this early conversation can be very valuable to sportsmen. Take the Donkey Hills at the headwaters of the Pahsimeroi River as an ex-ample. There has been near unanimous agreement that the critical elk calving area in the Donkey Hills needs thoughtful consid-eration as a critical wildlife area. From Missoula County, Montana: Western Montana, where the Missoula BLM field offices engaged in a land-use plan-ning revision process for public lands from the John Long Range to Joshua Park all the way to the Garnet Range, through this proc-ess, BLM has piloted the steps in Planning 2.0 to further engage the public in land man-agement decisions. 
I include in the R ECORD letters from both of these counties, as well as a let-ter from a group of outdoor industries asking for this body to oppose the CRA. 
LEWIS & CLARK COUNTY , B
OARD OF COUNTY COMMISSIONERS , Helena, Montana. Re the Bureau of Land Management’s Pro-posed Resource Management Planning Rules, 81 Fed. Reg. 8674 (February 25, 2016). N
EILKORNZE , Director, Bureau of Land Management, Washington, DC. D
EAR DIRECTOR KORNZE : The Lewis and Clark County Board of County Commis-sioners offer this letter of support for provi-sions of the Bureau of Land Management’s (BLM’s) Proposed Resource Management Planning Rules, 81 Fed. Reg. 8674 (Feb. 25. 2016) (the Proposed Rules). We appreciate the effort to improve opportunities for public in-volvement earlier in the planning processes, including the chance to review preliminary resource management alternatives and pre-liminary rationales for those alternatives. We value our relationship with our federal partners, and our constituents are impacted 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.023 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1028 February 7, 2017 
greatly by actions taken by your agency. In-creasing access to the planning process and targeting your efforts towards greater public involvement enhances the relationship be-tween the people and their government, and we support your initiative. Additionally, we note that the Proposed Rules also expand opportunities for states and local governments to have meaningful involvement in the development of BLM’s land use decisions. The Proposed Rules con-tinue to provide for coordination with state and local representatives in order to ensure, to the extent available under federal law, that RMPs are consistent with state and local land use plans, as provided in the Fed-eral Land Policy and Management Act of 1976. Sincerely. M
ICHAEL MURRAY , Chairman S
USAN GOODGEISE, Vice Chair A
NDYHUNTHAUSEN , Member 
BOARD OF COUNTY COMMISSIONERS , Missoula, MT, May 23, 2016. Re Proposed Resource Management Planning Rules, 81 Fed, Reg. 8674. Director N
EILKORNZE , Bureau of Land Management, Washington, DC. D
EAR DIRECTOR KORNZE : We are writing you to commend you and the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) for your efforts to im-prove BLM’s planning process (Planning 2.0) and better address the diverse interests found in Missoula County and other commu-nities across the western United States. Missoula County is approximately 2,600 square miles in size, and federal manage-ment in the county accounts for 52 percent of the land ownership. The BLM manages roughly 23,000 acres for the public in Mis-soula County and the sustainable manage-ment of these public lands is vitally impor-tant to the residents we represent Our citi-zens and local economies depend on state and federal lands for water quality and quantity, as well as for multiple sustainable uses rang-ing from outdoor recreation to livestock grazing to mineral exploration and develop-ment. Consequently, we wish to thank the BLM for proposing to address their land management options from a landscape per-spective. This approach recognizes that the management of federal lands has a direct im-pact on other properties well beyond those close to or adjacent to BLM managed land. We support the provisions of the BLM’s Proposed Resource Management Planning Rules, 81 Fed. Reg, 8674 (Feb. 25, 2016). These rules provide additional opportunities for public involvement earlier in the planning process, including the chance to review pre-liminary resource management alternatives and preliminary rationales for those alter-natives. This early public involvement will help resolve conflicts and produce a Re-source Management Plan that better reflect the needs of our citizens as well as others who use the public lands and have a stake in their future. Equally important is the im-proved openness and transparency the rules bring to the process, allowing any local gov-ernment to actively participate and share in-formation on issues critical to local resi-dents and their elected representatives. The proposed rules continue to provide for coordination with state and local representa-tives in order to ensure, to the extent allow-able under federal law, that Resource Man-agement Plans are consistent with state and local land use plans, as provided in the Fed-eral Land Policy and Management Act of 1976. Thank you for considering our comments. If you or your staff have any questions, please feel free to contact us or our Chief Planning Officer, Patrick O’Herren. Sincerely, NICOLE ROWLEY , Chair. J
EANCURTISS , Commissioner. S
TACY RYE, Commissioner. 
FEBRUARY 3, 2017. Re H.J. Res. 44 to disapprove BLM’s Plan-ning 2.0 rulemaking. Rep. L
IZCHENEY , Washington, DC. D
EAR REP. CHENEY : As representatives of the outdoor recreation community and in-dustry, we write to express our support for the Bureau of Land Management’s Planning 2.0 initiative and our opposition to its dis-approval through the Congressional Review Act. Collectively, our members recreate on BLM lands across the country and have a deep and personal interest in the manage-ment of these areas, and these public lands are also essential to supporting our busi-nesses. While Planning 2.0 may require im-provements, those necessary targeted changes would be foreclosed by a CRA dis-approval, drastically setting back the ability of BLM to deliver much needed moderniza-tions to the agency’s planning process. In our experience with land management planning across agencies, a modern approach to planning built on robust public engage-ment from the earliest stages of the planning process is a tremendous benefit to land use management. It is an essential step toward alleviating conflicts, ensuring appropriately balanced and ordered uses, and stewarding our country’s public lands. Although there are aspects of BLM’s Planning 2.0 rule-making that could be improved, this effort has produced a strong step forward for the agency’s planning process, and we believe strongly that throwing this rulemaking out in its entirety would be a costly and unpro-ductive decision. During the Planning 2.0 development proc-ess, BLM engaged in impressive public out-reach and worked in an open and collabo-rative fashion with a full spectrum of public lands stakeholders. We believe the outcome is a process that provides greatly improved opportunities for public input in land use planning, in particular in helping the agency better understand the values Americans as-cribe to their public lands, including where people go, why people go there, and the expe-riences that these landscapes enable that are an essential part of their inherent value. It also does a much better job of recognizing the importance of recreation, including for local economies, and greatly improves the agency’s ability to handle data. Our feedback on this rulemaking is in part based on our experience with the Forest Service’s 2012 revisions to its planning rule, which made similar changes to the Forest Service’s planning process. As that rule is being implemented, we are seeing a signifi-cantly more transparent process, with better up-front data collection and more opportuni-ties for collaboration. In North Carolina, for example, where we have been engaged in For-est Planning on the Nantahala-Pisgah For-ests, loggers and hunters, kayakers and off- road enthusiasts have been working side-by- side to develop consensus recommendations for the Forest Service. Far from circum-venting local input, these modern planning processes reward long-term, local engage-ment, and empower local communities to de-velop visions for their public lands in concert with a full array of stakeholders. Planning 2.0 has been a valuable step in helping BLM modernize its planning process, and we believe strongly that—while targeted improvements to the rulemaking may be possible—this rulemaking should not be thrown out through the Congressional Re-view Act. Congress is well positioned to pur-sue necessary changes or improvements with the new administration, whereas CRA dis-approval would not only block these changes, but stymie future agency efforts at modernization. Thank you for considering our perspective on maintaining this important step in mod-ernizing BLM planning. Best regards, ADAMCRAMER , Executive Director, Outdoor Alliance. J
OHNSTERLING , Executive Director, The Conservation Alliance. A
MYROBERTS , Executive Director, Outdoor Industry Association. T
IMBLUMENTHAL , President, PeopleForBikes. 
Mr. POLIS. Finally, in my home State of Colorado, a great example of stakeholders who know the new proc-ess is working is Park County, which I have the honor of representing part of. As part of revising the Eastern Colo-rado Resource Management Plan, the Royal Gorge Field Office in Colorado has already embraced and implemented some of the ideas for Planning 2.0, in-cluding recent envisioning sessions that involve multiple stakeholders. I include in the R
ECORD a letter from Park County, Colorado. 
COUNTY OF PARK, B
OARD OF COUNTY COMMISSIONERS , May 12, 2016. Re the Bureau of Land Management’s Pro-posed Resource Management Planning Rules, 81 Fed. Reg. 8674 (February 25, 2016). N
EILKORNZE , Director, Bureau of Land Management, Washington, DC. D
EAR DIRECTOR KORNZE : The undersigned representatives of local government are writing to share their support for provisions of the Bureau of Land Management’s (BLM’s) Proposed Resource Management Planning Rules, 81 Fed. Reg. 8674 (Feb. 25, 2016) (the Proposed Rules). In particular, we support the provisions of the Proposed Rules that provide additional opportunities for public involvement earlier in the planning process, including the chance to review pre-liminary resource management alternatives and preliminary rationales for those alter-natives. Each of undersigned representatives come from local jurisdictions whose land bases in-clude substantial amounts of public lands managed by BLM. The management of these public lands is vitally important to the citi-zens we represent Our citizens and local economies depend on these lands for sustain-able multiple uses, from outdoor recreation to livestock grazing to mineral exploration and development. The current BLM planning methodology lacks adequate opportunities for public in-volvement, particularly early in the process. It also lacks transparency. It often results in a range of alternatives that fails to address the concerns of all stakeholders. The pro-posed changes would provide the public with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.011 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1029 February 7, 2017 
an opportunity to raise concerns and review potential management alternatives before these alternatives become solidified in a draft Resource Management Plan (RMP). This early public involvement will hopefully help resolve conflicts and produce RMPs that better reflect the needs of our citizens as well as others who use the public lands and have a stake in their future. In addition, we note that the Proposed Rules also expand opportunities for states and local governments to have meaningful involvement in the development of BLM’s land use decisions. The Proposed Rules con-tinue to provide for coordination with state and local representatives in order to ensure, to the extent available under federal law, that RMPs are consistent with state and local land use plans, as provided in the Fed-eral Land Policy and Management Act of 1976. Sincerely, M
IKEBRAZELL , Chairman, County of Park. 
Mr. POLIS. It reads, in part: ‘‘The current BLM planning methodology lacks adequate opportunities for public involvement, particularly early in the process.’’ This rule that the CRA would invali-date addresses some of the short-comings in the current rule. This last point is especially important, that changes would provide the public with an opportunity to raise concerns and review potential management alter-natives before those alternatives be-come solidified. By having an oppor-tunity for early involvement, BLM can actually avoid expensive litigation after a plan is complete. This legislation is not only good for transparency, public involvement, and environmental and wildlife protec-tions, but it saves taxpayer dollars. I don’t know how anyone can oppose that. The process has widespread sup-port from those of us who live in and around public land, from people who are on the ground, including land-owners, farmers, ranchers, sportsmen, and conservationists. In a hearing in the Committee on Natural Resources, one of our wit-nesses was a rancher from my home State of Colorado, who eloquently spoke about how the old system was not working and how this desperately needed new system had worked well in its limited implementation. BLM Planning 2.0 is working, and a CRA that will never allow the BLM to modernize its process, the process that has been locked in place since 1983, is simply thoughtless legislating for cheap political points. Mr. Speaker, the resolutions before us today represent everything that is wrong with Washington. When our con-stituents sent us here to Washington, D.C., they weren’t asking us to engage in partisan bickering and using brutal techniques to undo thoughtful, nuanced regulation. If Members of this body have problems with rules that have been promulgated, change the au-thorizing statutes; don’t simply pre-vent the agencies from enacting the very things that this body has told them to do. It doesn’t make sense. We have not engaged in regular order. We have avoided a thoughtful, deliberative process, and, unfortu-nately, the resolutions before us are yet another example of that. These res-olutions undermine the basic responsi-bility of the Department of Education and the Bureau of Land Management. They are a shortsighted strategy for governing that will have long-term negative consequences for our public lands and our use thereof, as well as for children in our schools and educators. We should fix accountability and make it work in education rather than throw it out. We should make sure that our teacher training programs and those whom we support with your tax-payer money are the best possible teacher training programs; and, of course, we should have a multistake-holder process around use of our public lands, including recreationists, resi-dents, county commissioners, and oth-ers. For that reason, I strongly oppose the rules before us. I urge my col-leagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I also urge my colleagues to defeat the previous ques-tion so we can bring up Mr. C
ROWLEY ’s bill, which I think is a bill that would receive, hopefully, unanimous support in this body with regard to the remem-brances of the Jewish victims of the Holocaust. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. I yield myself the bal-ance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman talks about regular order. This particular regulation from the Bureau of Land Management was enacted very quickly and hurriedly without input from State and county governments. So, essen-tially, this was a hurried-through rule that didn’t have the regular order input that it should have had, yet an-other reason why it should be reversed through this Congressional Review Act. But it is also the case that this doesn’t mean the BLM doesn’t have any authority here. They can go back to their old regulation, which was al-ready in place, and they can come up with a new rule so long as it is not a substantially similar rule, or they can come to us and seek specific authoriza-tion. The truth of the matter is this particular regulation has had so many problems, it cannot be tweaked or amended. They need to start all over again and take input from State and local government. Now, I heard the gentleman talk about people who hunt and fish. I am a lifelong hunter and fisherman. In fact, I believe the gentleman has invited me to come to Colorado to go fishing with him, and I have invited him to come to the Gulf to come fishing with me. I spend a lot of my time with people who hunt and fish all over the country, and I have never heard anybody in the hunting and fishing community say: I really want the Federal Government to tell me when and how and where I can hunt and fish. Quite the opposite. My friends who hunt and fish want the Federal Government to stay out of it. They would rather let local and State people make those sorts of decisions, particularly as they pertain to land use management. On the education issues, as I said be-fore, I was an 8-year member of the Alabama State Board of Education. My colleague from Colorado said some-thing that is so true: getting a high- quality, well-trained, caring teacher in the classroom is the most important thing we can do for our schoolchildren. I don’t trust the Federal Government to do that better than I trust State and local officials to do it. We had this law, No Child Left Be-hind, that gave the Federal Govern-ment the power to determine when a teacher was highly qualified or not. I don’t think anybody in Washington knows better how to assess whether a teacher is highly qualified or not than the principal and superintendent that that teacher works for, than the local school board that that teacher works for. There is nobody up here who can know that better than they can. There is nobody up here who can do a better job of looking at the teacher preparation programs and saying they are good or bad than State school boards, most of whom, like me, were elected by the people, accountable to the people, instead of somebody up here who sits in some office and makes that decision for them. Do we really think that is what the American people want? The American people want control of their lives back. They are tired of Washington bureau-crats telling them what to do, and they are really tired of the Federal Govern-ment telling the people they entrust with the education of their children what to do and what not to do. They want the people who make those deci-sions to be the people who live in their communities, that they see in church, that they see at the grocery store, that they interact with at the school every day. That is what they want. And they want us, the Federal Government, to get out of the way. b1315 I talked to dozens and dozens of peo-ple who are school board members and teachers and people involved in the school administration who said this regulation by the Department of Edu-cation Accountability is way over the line, please don’t let them go through with that. So we are being responsive to those people in doing this, and I am proud that we are. Mr. Speaker, I again urge my col-leagues to support House Resolution 91 and the underlying joint resolutions. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 91 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 4. Immediately upon the adoption of this resolution the House shall proceed to the consideration, without intervention of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.004 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1030 February 7, 2017 
any point of order, in the House of the reso-lution (H. Res. 78) reiterating the indis-putable fact that the Nazi regime targeted the Jewish people in its perpetration of the Holocaust and calling on every entity in the executive branch to affirm that fact. The resolution shall be considered as read. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the resolution and preamble to adoption without intervening motion or de-mand for division of the question except one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. S
EC. 5. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of House Resolu-tion 78. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. Mr. BYRNE. I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. R
EED). The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 234, nays 187, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 81] YEAS—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Slaughter Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Beatty Chaffetz Cooper Jackson Lee Mulvaney Poe (TX) Price, Tom (GA) Rush Sires Smith (WA) Zinke 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.005 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1031 February 7, 2017 
b1336 Messrs. CUELLAR and PETERSON changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 233, noes 186, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 82] AYES—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Slaughter Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—13 
Beatty Chaffetz Cooper Hastings Jackson Lee Marchant Mulvaney Poe (TX) Price, Tom (GA) Rush Sires Smith (WA) Zinke 
b1343 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. RESIGNATIONS AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY AND COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following resigna-tions as a member of the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Small Business: CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 7, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker of the House, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN: Given my appoint-ment to the House Committee on Ways and Means, I hereby resign from the House Judi-ciary Committee. I also submit my resigna-tion from the Committee on Small Business as a permanent member. Sincerely, J
UDYCHU, Ph.D., Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignations are accept-ed. There was no objection. 
f 
ELECTING MEMBERS TO CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEES OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 95 Resolved, That the following named Mem-bers be and are hereby elected to the fol-lowing standing committees of the House of Representatives: (1) C
OMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES .—Mr. O’Halleran and Mr. Suozzi. (2) C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET .—Ms. Jack-son Lee and Ms. Schakowsky. (3) C
OMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY .—Mr. Schneider. (4) C
OMMITTEE ON NATURAL RESOURCES .— Mr. Clay. (5) C
OMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERN -
MENT REFORM .—Mr. Welch, Mr. Cartwright, and Mr. DeSaulnier. (6) C
OMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
TECHNOLOGY .—Mr. McNerney, Mr. Perl-mutter, Mr. Tonko, Mr. Foster, Mr. Takano, Ms. Hanabusa, and Mr. Crist. (7) C
OMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS .—Ms. Clarke of New York, Ms. Judy Chu of Cali-fornia, Ms. Adams, and Mr. Espaillat. (8) C
OMMITTEE ON VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS .—Mr. Sablan, Ms. Esty, and Mr. Peters. (9) C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS .—Ms. Judy Chu of California. 
Mr. CROWLEY (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the resolution be considered as read and printed in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from New York? There was no objection. The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.030 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1032 February 7, 2017 
DISAPPROVING RULE SUBMITTED BY DEPARTMENT OF THE INTE-RIOR RELATING TO BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT REGULA-TIONS Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 91, I call up the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 44) dis-approving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior relating to Bureau of Land Management regula-tions that establish the procedures used to prepare, revise, or amend land use plans pursuant to the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976, and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 91, the joint resolution is considered read. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: 
H.J. R ES. 44 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-approves the rule submitted by the Bureau of Land Management of the Department of the Interior relating to ‘‘Resource Management Planning’’ (published at 81 Fed. Reg. 89580 (December 12, 2016)), and such rule shall have no force or effect. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from Wyoming (Ms. C
HENEY ) and the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. G
RIJALVA ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Wyoming. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on H.J. Res. 44. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Wyoming? There was no objection. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, BLM Planning 2.0 is yet one more example of Obama-era Fed-eral Government overreach. It takes authority away from people in local communities, in my home State of Wy-oming, and all across the West. It takes authority away from our elected representatives at a local level, and it puts Washington bureaucrats in charge of decisions that influence and impact our lives. It significantly dilutes cooperating agency status, and it discounts input from those who are closest to our land and our resources. BLM 2.0 is an exam-ple of the midnight rulemaking that we saw that was so rampant in the Obama administration. In fact, it is an abuse of that rulemaking process. By statute, Mr. Speaker, the BLM is supposed to manage our public lands for multiple use and for sustained yield, but instead we have seen consist-ently throughout the last 8 years the Obama administration doing every-thing possible to deny all human use of our public lands. This rulemaking isn’t based on the language of the statute that underlies it. It is based, rather, on policy pref-erences that have been expressed in memos and in various studies. The rulemaking takes another step in im-posing a brand new mitigation formula that essentially is a land grab by a Federal agency that would put even more land under the control of Wash-ington bureaucrats. Despite the fact that these agencies are required to consider costs as they impose regulations, BLM 2.0 was im-posed not only using cost estimates that are clearly wrong, but, in fact, it removed all reference to looking at the devastating impact that this rule has on our local economies across the West. This rule takes away authority and power from those who know best how to manage our lands and how to man-age our resources. In fact, it opens up our planning process to such an extent that we could have foreign, nongovern-mental organizations having just as much say in how we manage our land and resources as the very stake-holders—the ranchers, the farmers across Wyoming and the West, and the people that they have elected to speak for them. In short, Mr. Speaker, this rule takes authority away from those who know best what we need to do to manage and sustain our resources, and it puts it in the hands of the Federal Government and bureaucrats here in Washington, D.C. Repealing 2.0 using the Congressional Review Act will help to restore the voices and input. It will help to restore democracy and help to restore author-ity to our local communities. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, it is time to face the facts. Congressional Republicans do not value our Nation’s public lands the way everyday Americans do. I know this because they opened the 115th Con-gress by adopting a rules package that makes it easier to sell our national parks and national forests to the high-est bidder without pesky budget rules getting in the way. That was just a start. Last week, they voted to gut clean water and clean air protections in coal country, suspended a rule requiring oil companies to disclose payments made to foreign governments, and pulled a plug on a waste prevention regulation that would have saved money and im-proved air quality. Today, their assault on the environ-ment and our public land continues with this misguided effort to scrap the Bureau of Land Management’s effort to update its planning rule. This resolu-tion targets what is commonly known as Planning 2.0, an initiative to make public land management more trans-parent and efficient by enhancing op-portunities for public input and uti-lizing actual science. The American public does not sup-port erasing this new planning rule, and they certainly don’t support the broad antipublic land agenda being pushed by the Republicans. Our constituents are sick of seeing corporate interests, especially big pol-luters, come first. They do not want their national parks and cherished nat-ural places turned over to industrial polluters. We have seen this in the massive response to the Dakota Access pipeline, heartbreak over what hap-pened in Flint, Michigan, and the mil-lions of people who marched worldwide on the first full day of this new admin-istration. Just last week, we saw how much Americans truly value their public land. After a prominent Republican in-troduced a bill to sell off more than 3 million acres of taxpayer-owned land, thousands of people picked up the phone and called their Representatives to express their outrage. Because of that passion and deep concern, the sponsor of that bill has vowed to with-draw it from consideration for the first time in five Congresses. This is an important story because it speaks to our constituents’ true prior-ities. They sent us here to be respon-sible stewards of their special places. They sent us here to protect their na-tional parks and public lands. They sent us here to make government work for them. This resolution fails on all those tests. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. B
ISHOP ), the chairman of the Nat-ural Resources Committee. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to speak on this different kind of rule. It is basically a rule defin-ing a rule that defines future activity. So it is somewhat convoluted. But this is a regulation—one more of those broad, midnight regulations— that affects 250 million acres of land, almost all of which is found in the West. Even in my own district, it will affect 3 million acres of land; that means something that is bigger than the State of Delaware and Rhode Island combined. It affects us with disastrous consequences. As has been said, this di-lutes local and State voices and cen-tralizes power here in Washington, D.C. By law already, the agencies have got to meet with local and State leaders and coordinate, which they are not doing well. This undermines that spe-cifically, and it stacks the deck from the very beginning against counties and State voices and against multiple use. This puts special interest groups above elected local officials, which is not the way it was ever intended to be. There are 60 different organizations that are begging us to repeal this bad rule. In my district, the Duchesne County Commissioners wrote us to say: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.035 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1033 February 7, 2017 
‘‘Our constituents are good stewards of the land, dedicated to meeting envi-ronmental requirements, while devel-oping and supplying affordable energy to consumers. We believe Planning 2.0 presents multiple challenges that will prejudice multiple use interests with a bias. . . . ’’ That bias is clearly there. That bias is shown in the mitigation factor with-in this. Within the bowels of the De-partment of the Interior, they have shown us how they are going to imple-ment this rule, which means if there is any kind of economic or recreational opportunity and you want to develop, say, like 50 acres to do that, they will insist that you go out and buy either State or private land as a mitigation for those 50 acres. And if you can’t find additional private or State lands, you hold up the entire process. Either way, you expand the amount of acreage the Federal Government will do, and that is part of this Plan-ning 2.0 process. That is why it is so lu-dicrous. Duchesne County participated in the rulemaking process for Planning 2.0, but like all the other counties, States, and local governments, their concerns were ignored and their opinions were excluded in the final rule. We had two separate hearings on this issue, but all the testimony that was heard was also ignored and no input was given to them at that time. Look, counties like Duchesne are in dire situations, especially in the West. They need to be consulted. That is their role and responsibility. That is what a democracy in the republican form of government does. This rule bypasses them. It cuts out their voice, and it puts in programs like that mitigation, which is defi-nitely scary and has absolutely nega-tive connotations for the future. This is a perfect rule that needs to be rolled back because it goes too far, it was done at the last minute, and it un-dermines the kind of input we need to make proper decisions. I compliment the gentlewoman from Wyoming for presenting this rule. This is one that has got to go. I urge Mem-bers’ support of her resolution. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. T
SONGAS ), a mem-ber of the Natural Resources Com-mittee. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Speaker, last week, the Republican majority pushed through legislation attacking clean air, clean water, and blocking public transparency into payments made to foreign governments by oil and mining companies. Today we are considering legislation that will roll back opportunities for the American people to have a say in how our Nation’s public lands are man-aged. The idea that there should be na-tional public lands that belong to and are managed on behalf of the American people is a value that dates back to the founding of our country and is embed-ded in our Constitution. Generation after generation of Amer-icans has endorsed the idea that our public lands should be managed to bal-ance many competing uses: recreation, responsible economic development, sustainable resource extraction, renew-able energy, military purposes, and conservation of historic American landscapes, just to name a few. We all want to see this important as-pect of our national heritage managed in an effective and efficient manner, balancing conservation for future gen-erations with sustainable productivity for local communities. The Bureau of Land Management’s Planning 2.0, as it is known, will help us better achieve this balance on the approximately 245 million acres of land managed by the BLM. As American citizens, we all have a right to provide input on how we would like to see these public lands managed; but the current process for doing so is slow, lacks transparency, and fails to incor-porate over 30 years of updated science and understanding of our changing cli-mate. In fact, this process hasn’t been substantially updated since the Reagan administration. States, local govern-ments, and other stakeholders all agreed that the process was in need of updates. BLM agreed with this consensus and began a 2-year review, receiving over 3,000 public comments on what changes needed to be made. Two years, 3,000 public comments, this was no midnight regulation. Their final product, which the resolution before us today would permanently overturn, increases trans-parency, enhances the role of science and decisionmaking, and strengthens the role of the public’s voice earlier in this planning process. b1400 Planning 2.0 also upholds the Federal Land Policy and Management Act’s commitment to States, local govern-ment, and tribes in land management decisions. The Bureau of Land Management made several changes in between the draft rule and the final rule to clarify coordination requirements and pro-mote consistency with local land use plans, all in response to concerns raised through the public input proc-ess. According to a BLM fact sheet on the final rule, ‘‘The new rule does not change the special relationship and op-portunities provided by statute for co-operating agencies,’’ and, ‘‘The final rule establishes several new opportuni-ties for coordination between the BLM and our government partners.’’ We should be working together on proposals that strengthen management of our public lands, balance conserva-tion with economic development, and provide sustainable benefits to the peo-ple who rely on them for their eco-nomic livelihoods. The resolution be-fore us today flies in the face of these goals. I urge my colleagues to reject this Congressional Review Act resolution and vote ‘‘no.’’ Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, of all of the stifling, bureaucratic, petti-fogging regulations that Congress is now repealing from the previous ad-ministration, none is more deserving of repeal than the BLM’s Planning 2.0 rule. This rule governs the process for cre-ating resource management plans. If they are done wrong, they can dev-astate the economies of the commu-nities that are impacted by those lands. A new RMP can crush an indus-try, and it can destroy a community, which is why States and counties across the West have been anxiously watching this process unfold. Despite serious concerns being raised by State and local governments—by farming, livestock, and energy produc-tion groups, and even by Congress dur-ing the rulemaking process—the Bu-reau of Land Management charged full steam ahead and finalized this rule. The BLM assured stakeholders that the final rule governing this process would not undercut State and local voices. But, when the BLM realized that the election of President Trump endan-gered the environmental left’s stran-glehold on this agency, the Planning 2.0 rule was hastily finalized in con-tradiction of almost all of the promises that the BLM made. The Planning 2.0 rule is a gross ex-pansion of BLM’s power, and the power of well-funded political groups that use the veneer of environmentalism at the expense of local communities. Under BLM’s current RMP procedures, our Western counties already complain of having their voices ignored and their interests disregarded. Last year, the Federal Lands Sub-committee held a field hearing in St. George, Utah. We heard how the city of St. George was experiencing economic growth, pushing the limits of its infra-structure, and how the city had tried over and over to engage the BLM in the development of a new RMP to address the needs of the local community. The city was desperate for the new RMP to include a transportation corridor for a new road to meet the needs of their growing economy. In their testimony before the subcommittee, the city re-layed that they were unable to secure regular meetings with their local BLM office, despite the BLM office holding frequent meetings with local environ-mental groups. In the end, the RMP was released and there was nothing to account for the transportation needs of the people of St. George. In a State that is two- thirds owned by the Federal Govern-ment, I find it hard to believe that the BLM could not have worked with the city of St. George to accommodate a simple road. With these kind of results under BLM’s current planning regime, it is no wonder that counties across the West are weary of a new planning rule. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.037 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1034 February 7, 2017 
BLM should be focused on improving their collaboration and coordination with counties and local governments. Instead, this rule enshrines that dis-regard into formal Federal regulation. I urge adoption of the resolution. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. B
EYER ), a member of the Natural Resources Committee. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I think the real question for the majority is: What do you have against Secretary-elect R
YANZINKE? He is being given a brand- new rule and the keys to the castle. He has a clean slate to develop the play-book for a hugely impactful planning process and free rein to make it what he wants. Yet, one of the first moves the major-ity is making, before Mr. Z
INKE has even been confirmed, is to undo Plan-ning 2.0 and leave the agency with a planning process that was written be-fore my staff was born. In other words, the majority is tying Mr. Z
INKE’s hands. Quite simply, the majority is labor-ing under the false impression that Planning 2.0 makes the BLM’s planning process worse when, in fact, it makes it better. Under the current regulatory framework for resource management plans, it takes BLM an average of 8 years to update and revise a plan, and this matters because, by the time the plan is completed, it is almost already out of date. Significant public involve-ment doesn’t happen until the end of the process. There is often litigation which stalls the process even more. This is a huge waste of government re-sources and taxpayer money. Mr. Speaker, as Ranking Member G
RIJALVA said earlier, the use of the Congressional Review Act to revoke BLM Planning 2.0, or any other Federal regulation, is a radical step. That is the reason why the Congressional Re-view Act has only been used once be-fore this year. Once Congress approves the Congres-sional Review Act resolution, the agen-cy can never issue a similar rule. So this is an extreme overreach in gen-eral, but especially for something like BLM’s Planning 2.0, which is designed to enhance efficiency and make BLM more responsive to public input. Isn’t our goal to improve how govern-ment works and make it more effi-cient? This resolution will perma-nently lock us into an old rule that didn’t work for anybody. I know House Republicans and Presi-dent Trump are eager to roll back reg-ulations, but we should pump the brakes on this particular resolution. A lot has changed since 1983. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, my col-league from Virginia may not be com-pletely aware of the implementation and the effect of this rule in Western States like Wyoming where, for exam-ple, the process that has been described as an open process is, in fact, one where, in my State, our Department of Environmental Quality on another BLM rule was in a position where they agreed to be a cooperating agency and then did not hear from the BLM for 4 years. When you are talking about our very livelihood, you are in a situation where we simply can’t run that risk. We can-not adopt a rule or let a rule stand that expands that kind of authority in Washington, no matter who is in charge in Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ). Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, the Bu-reau of Land Management manages 245 million acres, or nearly 10 percent of the total area of the United States, and a whopping 700 million acres of mineral estate. Nearly all of this acreage is in our Western States, which makes it imperative that the agency extensively cooperate with the State and local gov-ernments during the planning process. It is true that the BLM’s new plan-ning rule, Planning 2.0, included revi-sions to several aspects of the planning process, some of which seemed to make some good sense. Unfortunately, the new rule also in-troduced a significant measure of con-fusion regarding how planning areas would be determined, and, most dis-tressingly, diminished the historic and valued role that State and local gov-ernments play throughout the process. In many of the counties in my dis-trict, it is not uncommon for the public lands to make up well over half of the total area. For these communities, having an equal seat at the planning table isn’t merely a luxury. It is an es-sential ingredient to ensuring that our way of life is proudly maintained over many generations and is not extin-guished. Because of this, the BLM is required by law to consult and to coordinate with State and local governments and maintain consistency across their man-agement plans and policies. Yet, the agency’s new planning rule envisioned weakening that partnership in several regards. For one, the agency intends to dismiss consistency requirements with anything other than the officially ap-proved and adopted plans. This not only places an undue burden on rural communities who likely do not have the resources available to draft and maintain comprehensive plans, but sig-nificantly lessens the importance of an array of other policies and agreements that are germane to the planning proc-ess. The importance of a State Governor’s review of a Federal management plan is also reduced, as it appears to limit input only to the identification of in-consistencies with State and local plans, but precludes formal input and observations regarding other aspects of the plan. Americans the Nation over treasure our public lands and thoroughly enjoy our ability to be able to access them. But it cannot be denied that, in many of our communities, decisions made by Federal Land Management agencies like the BLM have amplified the im-pact. No planning process revision should weaken the voices of our com-munities as Planning 2.0 would do. For those reasons, I urge my col-leagues to support this resolution. I ap-plaud the efforts of my colleague out of Wyoming for her efforts on this and urge passage of this resolution. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ), also a mem-ber of the Natural Resources Com-mittee. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this resolution which would do away with the new procedures established under BLM Planning 2.0. Planning 2.0 encourages, at its foun-dation, early and frequent public input. By rolling back this planning effort, public input—in particular, tribal input—will be removed. Federally recognized tribes have the right to engage in government-to-gov-ernment consultation, and, under Plan-ning 2.0, tribal rights to participate in the planning process are clearly enu-merated and protected. By introducing the resolution we are considering today, the majority is making clear it doesn’t value tribal input in the development of BLM’s re-source management plans. In this up-dated planning process, the BLM worked hard to ensure government-to- government consultation was accom-plished. Tribes were encouraged to sub-mit comments through the formal comment period and through govern-ment-to-government consultation. But BLM recognizes the hard work of tribes and has been inclusive of tribal con-cerns. In fact, BLM has recognized the qual-ity and value that tribes’ traditional ecological knowledge brings to plan-ning efforts. It is important to incor-porate this information to avoid re-source conflicts and to protect hunting and fishing grounds. In many areas, the BLM and tribes actually have to manage resources to-gether. How can they do this when tribes are not invited to be a part of the consultation process? By including government-to-government consulta-tion early in the planning process, all taxpayers benefit in the long run be-cause we can develop a stronger plan that doesn’t end up in court being liti-gated. We want BLM to be an agency that actively embraces the people who live on and use the land they manage. By formalizing the tribal consultation role and recognizing the value tribes bring to the planning process as Planning 2.0 does, the BLM is taking important steps to fully engage with all their con-stituents. Land management is about looking at the bigger picture, and tribes under-stand that more than anyone. They de-serve to be recognized in the planning process, and Planning 2.0 does that. Repealing this rule through the CRA is shortsighted and wrongheaded. BLM 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.039 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1035 February 7, 2017 
Planning 2.0 allows for the very kind of oversight and public input my Repub-lican colleagues claim to want, and helps avoid the costly court battles they complain about. I urge my colleagues to vote against this measure and keep Planning 2.0 in place. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. L
AMALFA ). Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, thank you to my colleague from Wyoming for the time and ability to weigh in on this. Today, I rise in support of the meas-ure for congressional disapproval under the Congressional Review Act for dis-approving of the BLM’s 2.0 rule. It is another midnight regulation passed in the final days of the previous administration which undercuts the re-source management planning process on public lands by stripping local com-munity input and centralizing, again, in Washington, D.C., the decision-making. California holds some of the largest amounts of public land in the U.S. The Federal Government has approxi-mately 46 percent of the total land in California, amounting to about 46 mil-lion acres. BLM oversees about 15 mil-lion acres of those public lands, or about 15 percent of the State’s total land mass. The abundance of natural resources and diversity of landscapes within Cali-fornia creates unique challenges for BLM to even fulfill its multiple-use mandate. It is essential that develop-ment of these resource management plans include close coordination with local, State, and tribal governments— the people who actually grew up and know those lands the best for all of the potential these lands could bring, whether it is for development of poten-tial energy or timber management. Whatever those ideas are that they would have, let the locals have the input on it. These decisions need to be made with that local input so that ev-eryone’s voice is heard. b1415 In strong rural areas like my own, the First District of California, close coordination between the Federal Gov-ernment and local groups is vital to have good decisions be made regarding public land management. Unfortu-nately, what we have is nonmanage-ment, and we suffer for that each sum-mer and fall with a forestry that is not managed and the inability to have an economic opportunity for those people in those areas. The 2.0 rule does just the opposite with that collaboration. It strengthens BLM’s power once again in Wash-ington, marginalizing Western counties and districts, eliminating their ability to coordinate or challenge BLM’s pro-posed plans in an open setting. Under the pretext of climate change and landscape scale management, the agency’s rule undermines federalism and allows for the implementation of a previous era environmental agenda. No wonder Modoc County, in my own dis-trict, as well as other counties from Western States have sued BLM for its failure to properly engage and coordi-nate with the public and fulfill what the law requires for the BLM in man-aging these lands. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WEBSTER of Florida). The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 sec-onds. Mr. L
AMALFA. It is time to put an end to the previous administration’s legacy to shut out local input by forc-ing through a rule abrogating for pub-lic lands decisions based on unelected bureaucrats in D.C. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank my col-league for yielding me time, and I ask for support of this measure. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Vir-ginia (Mr. M
CEACHIN ), who is a new member of the Natural Resources Com-mittee. Mr. M
CEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, the BLM’s Planning 2.0 initiative has made important, overdue updates to our process for drafting resource manage-ment plans. These plans govern our use of more than 175 million acres of public lands. The way in which we use those lands deeply affects the environmental qual-ity, public health, and all Americans’ quality of life. It is vitally important that we get our planning right. This rule promotes transparency and consensus, creating more and earlier opportunities for public involvement in the planning process. It encourages greater use of high-quality scientific information, and it provides for a big- picture, landscape-level response to challenges like wildfire management and invasive species. The effect is to strengthen, streamline, and democ-ratize a process that had previously bred litigation and delay. Mr. Speaker, I have to wonder: Which of these changes does my friend across the aisle oppose? Mr. Speaker, in the last week, the House voted to disapprove three other rules that protect public health and en-vironmental quality. I am disturbed by that pattern, and I am disturbed by the haste with which we have moved, espe-cially since all of these rules took years to create and craft. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the majority to think of their children, their grandchildren, and all the genera-tions to come. They deserve to inherit a rich, healthy, and sustainable world. If we continue down this reckless path, I fear they will not. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), who is the ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Wyoming for her hard work on this bill and bringing it here today. Most people don’t realize just how much land the Federal Gov-ernment controls, and it is just a fact that someone thousands of miles away in an office in D.C. won’t understand those land issues as much as the people who live on the land do. Now, the sponsor of this bill, Ms. CHENEY , knows that in her great State of Wyoming, they constantly struggle with the Federal Government over land policies, just as California and many Western States do. Federal regulators restrict how we can build, what our farmers can grow, where our ranchers can graze, and how our people can enjoy the beauty of our land. The Bureau of Land Management’s new rule, the innocently named Plan-ning 2.0 rule, imposes Washington’s vi-sion on land management over vast areas of the West. This was devised by people who don’t live on our land and who don’t know our land, and they just try to dictate how to use our land. They are undermining the very idea of multiple use of Federal lands by mak-ing the lands entirely off limits for any type of economic purposes. Under this rule, the Bureau will cut out local and county officials even more. They will consolidate control over 175 million acres of land in 11 States out West, and that is not a small amount of land. Just to put that in perspective, that is over 261 times the size of Rhode Island. Using the Congressional Review Act today, we will be able to overturn this last-minute power grab from the Obama administration and bring some power back to the people. The Amer-ican people should have the power back again to write their own future. I want to thank Congresswoman C
HE-
NEYfor keeping her word and for stand-ing with Wyoming and all those out west who care for their land and want those locals to be able to control and to understand where it is best to graze, to care, and to build, not somebody in Washington to dictate what to do with it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, using the Congressional Review Act to nullify a Federal regula-tion is indeed a radical move. It has only been done once before this year, but now it has become a regular part of the Republican playbook. BLM’s Planning 2.0 is not some mid-night regulation that was rushed through at the last minute. BLM went through a transparent rulemaking process and responded to thousands of comments. We had two hearings last year about Planning 2.0 in the Natural Resources Committee. BLM was only invited by the majority to one of the hearings, but the agency listened and made significant changes before pub-lishing their final rule. This rule took 2.5 years to develop. It is not anywhere near a midnight rule. It has been over 30 years since BLM updated the regulatory framework gov-erning its planning process. That 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.041 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1036 February 7, 2017 
means we are relying on Reagan-era rules that were put in place before the widespread availability of cellphones and digital mapping techniques to oversee everything from energy per-mitting to cultural resource manage-ment on over 250 million acres. Everyone engaged in the manage-ment of our public lands wants to see this process improved. Planning 2.0 is that opportunity. However, if this reso-lution becomes law, BLM will never be allowed to evaluate and modernize this process, and we return to management planning from the 1980s. That is not a good outcome for anybody. The resolu-tion is irresponsible and needs to be re-jected. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Ari-zona (Mr. G
OSAR ). Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, on Decem-ber 12, 2016, the Obama administration published another overreaching mid-night regulation in the form of the BLM’s new resource management rule, commonly referred to as BLM 2.0. That same day, six Western States filed a lawsuit alleging the new rules will se-verely impair their ability to work with the BLM on future planning and management issues. More than 3,350 comments were sub-mitted on BLM’s Planning 2.0 rule. Rather than reviewing and incor-porating those suggestions, the Obama administration hastily rolled out an-other midnight regulation that failed to address the technical flaws raised during the public comment period. Let me be clear: Planning 2.0 takes planning decisions away from local communities and centralizes those de-cisions with bureaucrats in Wash-ington, D.C. BLM’s Planning 2.0 rule is a significant departure from the plan-ning process that has existed more than three decades and allowed signifi-cant local government involvement. Planning 2.0 directs the BLM to per-form large, landscape-scale planning efforts that stretch across county lines and State lines. This new regulation al-lows radical, special interest groups from other States to have the same in-fluence as county and local officials in the planning process. In many counties in the West, less than 20 percent of the land is privately owned. According to the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service, the Bureau of Land Management manages more than 247 million acres of public land and administers about 700 million acres of Federal subsurface mineral es-tates throughout the Nation. Rural counties and Western States depend on their ability to use BLM and public lands in order to support their livelihoods. Critical activities like grazing, forest thinning, mining, recre-ation, responsible energy develop-ment—including wind and solar—all take place on these lands and are the lifeblood of many communities. Unfor-tunately, Planning 2.0 will prevent many of these uses on BLM lands and cause significant harm to local com-munities. The American Farm Bureau Federa-tion supports Representative CHENEY ’s bill and opposes Planning 2.0, stating: ‘‘We . . . are concerned that the Plan-ning 2.0 rule will diminish the statu-tory requirements multiple use and dismantle the cooperative ideals of Federalism....  BLM did not fully evaluate the impacts on consumers, public lands-dependent ranching fami-lies, energy, mining, recreation, and rural communities across the Amer-ican West.’’ The U.S. Chamber of Commerce, who is key voting in support of the bill, stated: ‘‘This Obama administration ‘midnight regulation’ undercuts States from fulfilling their role as managers of resources and land use decisions. The shift in authority away from local planning and land management will in-herently jeopardize jobs throughout the West in industries ranging from timber, energy, mineral development, grazing, and recreation.’’ Western Energy Alliance has also raised serious concerns about BLM 2.0 and has urged adoption of Representa-tive C
HENEY ’s bill, stating: ‘‘Besides de-laying oil and natural gas development indefinitely, Planning 2.0 would pre-vent ranching, mining, timber har-vesting, and other productive uses of the West’s working landscapes that sustain rural communities and liveli-hoods.’’ Americans for Prosperity, who is key voting in support of the bill, stated: ‘‘The process outlined by the Planning 2.0 rule is highly problematic—it limits public involvement in decisionmaking, centralizes planning in Washington rather than in State and field offices, redefines BLM’s interpretation of the ‘multiple use’ requirement, prioritizes conservation over sustained yield, i.e. mineral leasing, and could further lengthen an already long permitting process.’’ The National Association of Con-servation Districts supports the bill, stating: ‘‘The CRA allows for the BLM to go back to the drawing board and write a planning rule that truly in-creases local government involvement as opposed to centralizing the planning process.’’ Again, the BLM Planning 2.0 rule takes planning decisions away from local governments and, instead, allows those important decisions to be made by bureaucrats in Washington who aren’t familiar with our land, water, or communities. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of Rep-resentative C
HENEY ’s commonsense bill. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, when you don’t look at the whole field, you make mistakes. Without using their vision, quarter-backs throw passes into double cov-erage and Presidents trigger angry pro-tests of their ill-conceived policies. Seeing the whole field is what BLM 2.0 is all about. Instead of managing lands by looking at isolated units and only soliciting the input of local governments, this new framework takes a landscape view of BLM’s multiple use mission. This update is absolutely necessary if we ex-pect BLM to address the problems we all acknowledge the agency has. Cli-mate change, wildfire, drought, and invasive species are just some of the problems that need landscape-level so-lutions. On the flip side, coordinating planning for outdoor recreation and re-newable energy development across multiple BLM units will help increase the growth of these industries. Rejecting landscape-level planning is like rejecting air traffic control; you can do it, but the results won’t be pret-ty. By repealing this rule and locking a broken system in place in perpetuity, Republicans hope to fulfill their own prophecy that BLM does a poor job managing public lands. If enough peo-ple believe them, they think, then maybe they will achieve their goal of giving away America’s public lands. The problem, though, is that not enough people believe them. Those who do are shrinking every day, and the ones who don’t are making their voices heard. People who care about sound man-agement of BLM lands know that the Planning 2.0 rule is an important step forward. They know it isn’t an abuse of executive authority or a government land grab, and they are tired of hearing from discredited voices who say it is. These views are backward looking and ignore the fact that these lands belong to a kid from Chicago just as much as they do to an oilman from Wyoming. Landscape-scale planning allows BLM, with the input of all stake-holders, to manage across the lands. Under Planning 2.0, BLM State offices and the scientists and the land man-agement professionals they employ are finally allowed to build a consistent land management policy that doesn’t stop at the State line. Planning 2.0 helps our land managers see the whole field and looks to the fu-ture. The majority wants to send us back to the past. We shouldn’t allow that to happen. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1430 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Arkan-sas (Mr. WESTERMAN ). Mr. WESTERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, after serving on a school board, in my State legislature, and now in Congress, I have witnessed firsthand that government works bet-ter when it is closest to the people. That is why I rise today in support of H.J. Res. 44, which disapproves the Bu-reau of Land Management’s 2.0 Plan-ning rule. I commend the gentlewoman from Wyoming for introducing this legisla-tion on behalf of her constituents as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.043 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1037 February 7, 2017 
well as Americans all across the coun-try that desire more effective govern-ment. The Planning 2.0 rule will fundamen-tally change the way land management decisions are made, and I believe it will fundamentally change them for the worse. Planning 2.0 puts faith in a far-away, Washington-based one-size-fits- all approach to land management deci-sions. BLM has a light footprint in my home State of Arkansas, but last year I had the opportunity to attend a field hearing in St. George, Utah. I saw firsthand the mismanagement by the BLM and how it impacts real people. Individuals from Washington County, Utah, told our field hearing of the heavy-handed approach BLM takes to-ward local landowners in management decisions. Local officials talked about how BLM has also ignored the will of Congress by ensuring updated resource management plans decrease grazing permits or effectively stop the con-struction of roads that are authorized in Federal legislation. Land manage-ment changes should be made in a col-laborative way, with ample State and local input. Despite what some people may think, Congress and Congress’ will still mat-ters. Planning 2.0 marginalizes State and local officials in favor of unelected bureaucrats and special interests. By passing H.J. Res. 44, we will remind Federal agencies that they work for the people. Mr. Speaker, we are not a people of the government, by the government, and for the government. We have a gov-ernment that is supposed to be of the people, by the people, and for the peo-ple. The people’s voice should be heard in major land management decisions. H.J. Res. 44 will make the BLM listen to their voice. I strongly urge my colleagues to sup-port this legislation. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time remains? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Arizona has 13
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, using the CRA to repeal this rule would freeze Federal land managers and the places they manage in 1983. That is the year the previous rule was written, and that is the rule we would be stuck with if this resolu-tion passes. Voting for this resolution means vot-ing for outdated science; it means vot-ing for a return to managing individual parcels with blinders on to the larger landscape; and it means continuing to ignore our changing climate. Overturning BLM 2.0 means you are okay with ignoring the overwhelming scientific and public support for the planning updates implemented in the rule. Don’t get me wrong, Mr. Speaker. There were plenty of great things from the early 1980s: movies like ‘‘Return of the Jedi’’ and those early cell phones that were the size of bricks. And don’t forget the fashions of the 1980s. I am sure people thought they looked great in parachute pants, but eventually we all updated our wardrobes. We might have had early cell phones back in the 1980s, but we didn’t have modern computing, current tech-nologies for mapping, or even GPS. There is no doubt that it is time to up-date our land use planning to take ad-vantage of these technologies and re-spond to new challenges and to current times. So why are congressional Repub-licans so interested in blasting us back to the past? Why are they so eager to throw away 21⁄2years of public input into a modern, transparent, science- driven planning process? They allege some local counties aren’t happy, but we have got letters from counties saying that they support the rule, and thousands of pages of comments from the agency dem-onstrating that they responded to any concerns. This can’t be the real moti-vation, Mr. Speaker. No, the true purpose of this resolu-tion is to tie the hands of Federal land managers so they can’t manage special places in ways that might hinder pollu-tion or cut down on private profit-eering. Apparently, congressional Re-publicans have decided to give Rep-resentative Z
INKE a parting gift as he leaves to be Secretary of the Interior. That gift is a pair of handcuffs. If you have updated your wardrobe or your cell phone since 1983, or if you enjoy the luxury of Google Maps or GPS, I urge you to oppose this resolu-tion because it fails to update our abil-ity to protect our precious public lands. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the BLM 2.0 rule rep-resents the turning back of a clock of ignoring science, ignoring the need for public participation. Although Republicans claim they want to take power away from govern-ment and give it to the people, why do they oppose every attempt to actually do that? They don’t want the people to use citizen suits to hold polluters account-able. They don’t want the people to use the NEPA process to ensure govern-ment actions aren’t harming their communities. Today, they don’t want the people to have increased participa-tion in managing our public lands. The reason, of course, is that Repub-licans don’t want all people to have a seat at the table. They only want cer-tain people to be there. In this case, the old BLM planning process gave local governments in the West—many of which are cozy with mining, drilling, and grazing inter-ests—a privileged position in influ-encing land management planning. Given that these public lands belong to all Americans and not just those who happen to live close to them, that ap-proach was wrong. BLM’s Planning 2.0 rule changes that, leveling the playing field and al-lowing more stakeholders and inter-ested parties to get involved earlier. Under BLM’s new rule, tribes, local governments, and stakeholders across the spectrum who care about these places where they work, recreate, hunt, fish, and live are all now encouraged to provide input at the outset instead of waiting until the bitter end. This will save time and money, reduce litiga-tion, and generally make government work better. So why would Republicans oppose it? Hunters, anglers, and others who value the outdoors are asking the same question and are lining up in opposi-tion to this misguided resolution and other bills that would reduce their ac-cess to public land. The people have grown wise to the Republican crusade to give away own-ership of and authority over their lands to States, localities, and private inter-ests. They have grown very weary of that. They understand that this resolu-tion is part of that crusade. So Republicans have a choice. They can continue doing favors for the dirty development interests of the past or they can embrace policies like BLM 2.0 and use it to give a boost to the ongo-ing jobs boom in sectors like solar, wind, and outdoor recreation. For the sake of Western economies and land-scapes, I hope they choose the latter. Planning 2.0 finally recognizes the value of the public’s voice in the plan-ning process. Let’s not silence them. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. S
TEWART ). Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, at its heart, this rule is about one thing. It is about taking power away from local of-ficials, including local BLM officials, and moving that power to Washington, D.C., to faceless bureaucrats who sit in cubicles here in this city and make de-cisions that have enormous impacts upon families and upon individuals. In many cases, these bureaucrats have never been to the States, and may never be. There is a county in my district that is 97 percent controlled by the Federal Government. I have two counties that are 90 percent controlled by the Fed-eral Government. So many of the deci-sions that are made that impact these counties and these families are made in Washington rather than at the local level. That is what we are here today to talk about: this egregious consolida-tion and power by D.C. bureaucrats. The Bureau of Land Management’s final rule is exactly that—a snapshot of everything that is wrong with the pre-vious administration. The rule is so flawed that a couple of administrative 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:57 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.045 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1038 February 7, 2017 
fixes simply won’t fix it. It has to be repealed. The previous rule was on the book for decades. This rule was introduced and finalized in less than a year. Thousands of comments were intended to fix flawed reasoning in the rule. State and county commissioners’ comments were largely ignored. Let’s remember, those State and county commissioners rep-resent the people. They understand the needs of the people. Once again, 2.0 moves all of that deci-sionmaking out of the local office and back here to Washington, D.C. These D.C. bureaucrats don’t have the on-the- ground knowledge of the situation; they don’t know the land, they don’t know the needs of the county, and they don’t know the people. That is not the only instance of di-luting local voices. Planning 2.0 also undercuts the involvement of counties and other local government agencies by inviting distant voices to the plan-ning table who would steer resource management plans away from multiple use early on in the planning process. This is a 180-degree turn from previous planning regulations. Not only did 2.0 dilute local control, it also dilutes real local impacts. Let me explain what that means. When you look at local impacts instead of look-ing at the actual communities around where these decisions are being made, they can look out very broadly. In my case, you look at a national park in Utah. They can look at the im-pacts of that and say, well, this has had a positive benefit, but that is because they may be looking at a community that is 100 miles away. They may be looking at St. George. Why not look at Las Vegas? Why not look at Los Angeles and say, Oh, those communities are doing fine; the local economic impacts have been positive? It is not a fair reflection of what is happening to the local communities. Once again, the local people, the local families. While many lauded the BLM for giv-ing this planning process an update— and I am glad that it did; it was nec-essary—they fell short of delivering a final rule that helps people. That is why I join in this effort to repeal it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  letters in opposition to this resolution. These letters come from a broad array of stakeholders, including sportsmen, county commissioners, county super-visors, and conservationists, high-lighting the breadth and depth of sup-port for Planning 2.0. 
FEBRUARY 6, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : As organizations committed to preserving our nation’s his-toric and cultural resources, we urge you to OPPOSE the Congressional Review Act reso-lution (H.J. Res. 44) to nullify the Bureau of Land Management’s final planning rule, commonly referred to as BLM Planning 2.0. The Congressional Review Act is the wrong tool to address resource management plan-ning. While no regulation is perfect, using the Congressional Review Act to overturn the Planning 2.0 rule would have far-reach-ing implications for cultural resources and management of our public lands. This resolu-tion of disapproval would prohibit the BLM from developing any ‘‘substantially similar’’ regulation in the future. The result would be to replace the new regulation with BLM’s prior planning rule, which is more than 30 years old and does not incorporate current technology and streamlining practices to maximize efficient and effective decision- making. Locking in inefficient and outdated regulations does not serve any users of our public lands. The BLM’s Planning 2.0 rule is designed to bring much needed efficiency, predictability, and transparency to BLM’s management of multiple uses on public lands. The rule is carefully crafted to collect state and local government, tribal, and public input early in the planning process. In addition to making BLM’s planning more efficient, improving available information allows project devel-opers to consider potential impacts to envi-ronmental, cultural, and historic resources at the outset rather than being surprised by stakeholder concerns and information iden-tified late in the process. The rule also im-proves the planning process by reducing the need for costly and time-consuming supple-ments that can delay decision-making and inhibit private sector investment. The BLM’s Planning 2.0 rule updates proce-dures for developing individual resource management plans that guide actions and decisions on the nearly 250 million surface acres and more than 700 million acres of sub-surface mineral resources that the agency manages. These lands contain the largest, most diverse, and scientifically most impor-tant body of cultural resources of any federal land management agency, including well over a million historic, archaeological, and other cultural sites. Our organizations re-main committed to promoting a responsible land management planning process that en-hances public involvement, improves trans-parency, and promotes sound, efficient deci-sion-making based on full information, in-cluding better data on cultural resources on our public lands. If the resolution passes, it will make man-agement of our public lands less efficient and less effective. Again, we urge you to OP-POSE the Congressional Review Act resolu-tion to overturn the BLM Planning 2.0 rule. Sincerely, National Trust for Historic Preservation; American Anthropological Association; American Cultural Resources Association; Archaeology Southwest; Arizona Preserva-tion Foundation; Cienega Watershed Part-nership; City of Kingman, AZ; Coalition for American Heritage; Colorado Plateau Ar-chaeological Alliance; Conservation Lands Foundation; Friends of Cedar Mesa. Friends of Organ Mountains Desert Peaks; Friends of the Agua Fria National Monu-ment; Friends of the Cliffs; Modern Phoenix; Montana Preservation Alliance; National As-sociation of Tribal Historic Preservation Of-ficers; Nevada Preservation Foundation; Site Steward Foundation; Society for American Archaeology; Washington Trust for Historic Preservation. February 6, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of our millions of members and supporters, we urge you to Vote NO on H.J. Res. 44, the Congres-sional Review Act (CRA) resolution to re-scind the Bureau of Land Management’s (BLM) Planning 2.0 regulation. This resolu-tion is an extreme and unnecessary response to a sensible and overdue rule. H.R. Res. 44 would invalidate a new, col-laborative, science-based approach to land use planning that boosts public engagement, improves administrative efficiency, and in-creases responsiveness in planning on our largest public land system. It allows man-agers to move beyond an outdated 30 year- old process to better address pressing chal-lenges posed by critical issues, such as wild-fire, invasive species and increased demand for domestic energy. More specifically, this new guidance: Increases efficiency and public participa-tion in planning. The BLM rule will save tax-payer dollars, shorten planning times, and avoid disputes by investing time upfront to collaborate with locals and stakeholders on prospective management strategies. Public voices will help develop plans with improved opportunities for participation, new elec-tronic options for submitting input, and up-dated processes for filing plan protests—im-proving the likelihood that the plans meet Americans’ broad array of conservation and resource needs. Preserves priority status for local govern-ment in planning. The new rule carefully preserves a priority role for local govern-ment and other cooperators in BLM planning processes as directed by Congress, ensuring that final plans consider local and regional perspectives and priorities. Increases transparency in planning. The rule will prevent closed door decision mak-ing between the BLM and special interests by updating guidance that provides the American people the ability to participate in the planning process at all stages. Improves science-based decision making in planning. High quality data will be a founda-tion for BLM planning and management. Planning 2.0 will incorporate current science, geospatial data and technology to evaluate landscapes at the regional level. These changes will enable faster response to today’s environmental, economic and social realities with new evaluation markers and agency flexibility to plan across traditional administrative boundaries, keeping our lands great places to hike, hunt, and fish. Supports sporting pursuits on BLM lands. Hunters and anglers support Planning 2.0 be-cause the rule takes steps to ensure that im-portant habitats, such as migration cor-ridors and other intact habitats, are identi-fied early in the planning process so these important areas can be managed and con-served as the agency makes decisions about other public land uses. Overturning this common sense rule will relegate hundreds of millions of acres of pub-lic lands to planning under an out-of-date rule that has not been substantially changed since 1983. The public will lose opportunities to participate in how these public lands— owned by all Americans—should be managed. Without the new rule, public land manage-ment will continue to be contentious, ineffi-cient and costly. Finally, if the rule is struck down by the CRA, the BLM could be prohibited from issuing a similar rule in the future, pre-venting the agency from modernizing its land use planning regulation to adequately address contemporary issues like energy de-velopment, grazing, wildlife, mining, con-servation, recreation, cultural resources pro-tection or any of the many multiple uses that occur on our public lands. Planning 2.0 is a sensible and much needed rule that updates an antiquated process that limited management decisions to outdated concepts of resource planning, and instead creates a framework to support more inclu-sive, comprehensive planning and manage-ment on our public lands. We urge you to stand up to protect the new planning rule and to Vote NO on H.J. Res. 44. Sincerely, Alaska Wilderness League; American Bird Conservancy; Center for Biological Diver-sity; Defenders of Wildlife; Friends of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.046 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1039 February 7, 2017 
Sonoran Desert; Grand Canyon Trust; GreenLatinos; League of Conservation Vot-ers; Los Padres ForestWatch. National Parks Conservation Association; National Trust for Historic Preservation; Natural Resources De-fense Council; Partnership for the National Trails System; Sierra Club; The Nature Con-servancy; The Wilderness Society; Wilder-ness Workshop. 
BOARD OF SUPERVISORS , C
OUNTY OF HUMBOLDT , Eureka, California, June 22, 2016. N
EILKORNZE , Director, Bureau of Land Management, Washington, DC. Subject: BLM’s Proposed Resource Manage-ment Planning Rules (‘‘Planning 2.0’’). D
EARDIRECTOR KORNZE : Humboldt County includes over 86,000 acres of Bureau of Land Management (BLM) parcels, including such special places as the King Range National Conservation Area and Headwaters Forest Reserve. The stewardship of these lands is very important to my constituents, other local residents, and countless visitors to this region. It is a matter of great concern to many of us when the BLM begins to develop individual management plans for these par-cels. The BLM’s Proposed Resource Manage-ment Planning Rule described at 81 Federal Register 8674 (February 25, 2016), commonly known as Planning 2.0, requires the agency to involve the public, other federal agencies, state and local governments and tribes as key partners early in the process of devel-oping local plans. Encouraging public in-volvement early and often in the develop-ment of these plans is a very positive step in-deed. This is especially important given that the BLM’s Arcata Field Office will be using this new and more inclusive approach to pub-lic involvement as it revises its existing 1995 Resource Management Plan, I am therefore pleased to offer my support for Planning 2.0. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, R
YANSUNDBERG , 5th District Supervisor. 
LEWIS & CLARK COUNTY , B
OARD OF COUNTY COMMISSIONERS , Helena, Montana. Re the Bureau of Land Management’s Pro-posed Resource Management Planning Rules, 81 Fed. Reg. 8674 (February 25, 2016). N
EILKORNZE , Director, Bureau of Land Management, Washington, DC. D
EAR DIRECTOR KORNZE : The Lewis and Clark County Board of County Commis-sioners offer this letter of support for provi-sions of the Bureau of Land Management’s (BLM’s) Proposed Resource Management Planning Rules, 81 Fed. Reg. 8674 (Feb. 25, 2016) (the Proposed Rules). We appreciate the effort to improve opportunities for public in-volvement earlier in the planning processes, including the chance to review preliminary resource management alternatives and pre-liminary rationales for those alternatives. We value our relationship with our federal partners, and our constituents are impacted greatly by actions taken by your agency. In-creasing access to the planning process and targeting your efforts towards greater public involvement enhances the relationship be-tween the people and their government, and we support your initiative. Additionally, we note that the Proposed Rules also expand opportunities for states and local governments to have meaningful involvement in the development of BLM’s land use decisions. The Proposed Rules con-tinue to provide for coordination with state and local representatives in order to ensure, to the extent available under federal law, that RMPs are consistent with state and local land use plans, as provided in the Fed-eral Land Policy and Management Act of 1976. Sincerely. MICHAEL MURRAY , Chairman. S
USAN GOADGEISE, Vice Chair. A
NDYHUNTHAUSEN , Member. 
BOARD OF COUNTY COMMISSIONERS , Missoula, MT, May 23, 2016. Re Proposed Resource Management Planning Rules, 81 Fed. Reg. 8674. Director N
EILKORNZE , Bureau of Land Management, Washington, DC. D
EAR DIRECTOR KORNZE : We are writing you to commend you and the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) for your efforts to im-prove BLM’s planning process (Planning 2.0) and better address the diverse interests found in Missoula County and other commu-nities across the western United States. Missoula County is approximately 2,600 square miles in size, and federal manage-ment in the county accounts for 52 percent of the land ownership. The BLM manages roughly 23,000 acres for the public in Mis-soula County and the sustainable manage-ment of these public lands is vitally impor-tant to the residents we represent. Our citi-zens and local economies depend on state and federal lands for water quality and quantity, as well as for multiple sustainable uses rang-ing from outdoor recreation to livestock grazing to mineral exploration and develop-ment. Consequently, we wish to thank the BLM for proposing to address their land management options from a landscape per-spective. This approach recognizes that the management of federal lands has a direct im-pact on other properties well beyond those close to or adjacent to BLM managed land. We support the provisions of the BLM’s Proposed Resource Management Planning Rules, 81 Fed. Reg. 8674 (Feb. 25, 2016). These rules provide additional opportunities for public involvement earlier in the planning process, including the chance to review pre-liminary resource management alternatives and preliminary rationales for those alter-natives. This early public involvement will help resolve conflicts and produce a Re-source Management Plan that better reflect the needs of our citizens as well as others who use the public lands and have a stake in their future. Equally important is the im-proved openness and transparency the rules bring to the process, allowing any local gov-ernment to actively participate and share in-formation on issues critical to local resi-dents and their elected representatives. The proposed rules continue to provide for coordination with state and local representa-tives in order to ensure, to the extent allow-able under federal law, that Resource Man-agement Plans are consistent with state and local land use plans, as provided in the Fed-eral Land Policy and Management Act of 1976. Thank you for considering our comments. If you or your staff have any questions, please feel free to contact us. Sincerely, B
OARD OF COUNTY  C
OMMISSIONERS , N
ICOLE ROWLEY , Chair. J
EANCURTISS , Commissioner. S
TACY RYE, Commissioner. THEPEW C
HARITABLE TRUSTS , Washington, DC, February 2, 2017. D
EARMEMBER OF CONGRESS : Next week the House of Representatives will consider H.J. Res 44, a resolution to overturn the Bureau of Land Management’s (BLM) 2016 land-use planning rule. The Pew Charitable Trusts op-poses this effort to reduce agency trans-parency and limit the public’s ability to have a say in how their public lands are managed, and we urge you to vote against it. BLM’s rule, often called ‘‘Planning 2.0,’’ es-tablishes procedures for preparing, revising, or amending land use plans, and provides new opportunities for stakeholders to par-ticipate in the early stages of developing plans. This means that states and counties, scientists, ranchers, hunters and anglers, miners, hikers, boaters, the energy industry and other users of the public lands will have more information on what a plan will cover and will be able to express their hopes and concerns about the plan. Increased public participation will ensure that the BLM has the best available informa-tion at the start of the planning process, be-fore issuing draft management plans. The broad consideration of issues at this earlier stage is expected to reduce controversy later in the planning process, and reduce litiga-tion after the plan is issued. Planning 2.0 also includes steps to ensure that important fish and wildlife habitats, such as migration corridors and intact habi-tats, are identified early in the planning process so these important areas can be man-aged and conserved as the agency makes de-cisions about development, recreation and other public land uses. The rule also includes good government provisions such as improved potential for better interagency communication, and steps that increase efficiency and ease bur-dens on public. Many concerns that were raised about an earlier draft of the rule were addressed and corrected in the final rule. For example, the public comment period once a draft plan is released is now 100 days—more than the pre-vious 1983 regulations or the original 2015 proposal allowed. The final rule also takes meaningful steps to accommodate requests from local governments and the public to improve the process, preserving the special role of state, local and tribal cooperating agencies, as specifically required by the Fed-eral Lands Policy and Management Act. Passage of H.J. Res 44 would force BLM to return to its previous, long-outdated plan-ning rule, which was published in 1983. Of ad-ditional concern is that the Congressional Review Act prohibits the agency from writ-ing a new rule that is ‘‘substantially the same’’ without additional legislative action. As a result, many good aspects of Planning 2.0 would be precluded from being enacted in-definitely, thereby stripping incoming Sec-retary of the Interior Ryan Zinke of his au-thority to reformulate the rule. We strongly urge Members to work with the new administration to make refinements to a planning process that many stake-holders championed. If H.J. Res 44 is en-acted, the BLM would be forced to continue using outdated guidelines for land-use plan-ning, which keep the public and development interests alike in the dark until very late in the planning process. If you would like further information re-garding Pew’s position on this resolution, please feel free to contact me. Sincerely, K
ENRAIT, Director U.S. Public Lands. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.013 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1040 February 7, 2017 
CHAIRMAN ROBBISHOP , Natural Resources Committee, House of Rep-resentatives, Washington, DC. Ranking Member R
AU´LGRIJALVA , Natural Resources Committee, House of Rep-resentatives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BISHOP AND RANKING MEM-
BER GRIJALVA : The undersigned hunting, fishing, conservation, natural resource pro-fessional and outdoor-industry organizations represent millions of American sportsmen and women, and we are writing to express our support for the Bureau of Land Manage-ment’s (BLM) recently revised land-use plan-ning rule, also known as Planning 2.0. The revised planning rule increases federal agen-cy transparency and incorporates best prac-tices in land-use planning, while maintain-ing the important cooperating agency role of state and local governments. Stakeholders from across the multiple-use spectrum agreed that the previous BLM planning process could be improved. Under the outdated process, opportunities for pub-lic involvement were too few, and the public didn’t learn about agency plans until they were already proposed. With the new rule, the BLM provides three additional opportunities for cooperating agency and public involvement. These extra steps enable the BLM to gather public opin-ion and the best available information at the start of the planning process, then vet pre-liminary alternatives before issuing the draft resource management plan. Further, the revised planning rule will identify important areas for fish, wildlife and outdoor recreation well in advance of plan development so that avoidance and minimization of impacts to these vital areas can be achieved as the agency plans for a range of uses of the land through individual plans. Given advancements in wildlife science and data collection since the pre-vious planning rule was created more than 30 years ago, these updates were sorely needed, and the sporting and wildlife communities support this revision. Finally, local, state, and tribal govern-ments, including county commissioners, will retain their preexisting cooperating agency status and an elevated level of involvement in BLM land-use planning as specifically re-quired by the Federal Lands Policy and Man-agement Act. In fact, significant changes were made to the final planning rule in re-sponse to requests from cooperating agen-cies. The new rule is the product of two and a half years of collaboration and is a produc-tive step towards improving BLM planning. If additional improvements are necessary, the undersigned organizations are com-mitted to working with the new Secretary of Interior, interested lawmakers and stake-holders to make such adjustments. However, Congressional actions to delay or dismiss the new BLM planning rule are unnecessary and counterproductive. Sincerely, American Fly Fishing Trade Association; Archery Trade Association; Backcountry Hunters & Anglers; Hispanic Access Founda-tion; Izaak Walton League of America; Muley Fanatic Foundation; National Wild-life Federation; Northwest Steelheaders; Or-egon Hunters Association. Outdoor Industry Association; Pheasants Forever; Public Lands Foundation; Quail Forever; Snook and Gamefish Foundation; The Nature Conservancy; Theodore Roo-sevelt Conservation Partnership; The Wild-life Society; Trout Unlimited; Wildlife Man-agement Institute. 
WILDCONNECTIONS , Colorado Springs, CO, February 6, 2017. D
EAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS : Tomorrow, the House of Representatives will vote on H.J. Res 44, to overturn Bureau of Land Man-agement’s (BLM) new land use planning rule, ‘‘Planning 2.0’’, established in 2016. Wild Con-nections opposes this resolution and we urge you to vote against an effort that will reduce agency transparency, limit the amount of input that the public has on their public lands, and lose strong management designa-tions for wildlife and ecological biodiversity. Wild Connections is an organization that has been promoting landscape connectivity on a watershed and ecoregion-wide basis for over 20 years and which has been actively in-volved in the management plan revision for the BLM’s Royal Gorge Field Office, which is currently under way. As a locally based con-servation organization, we believe that it is important for citizens to have opportunities to work with the BLM to decide future man-agement for these millions of acres of public land. Planning 2.0 is a step in the right direc-tion. BLM’s Planning 2.0 makes BLM land use management planning more collaborative and transparent. It offers more and new op-portunities for stakeholders to get involved, including local governments, Indian tribes, and the general public. Planning 2.0 engages the public earlier in the land management planning process leading to more input into the process, enabling the BLM with the best available information at the onset of the planning process. More and earlier public in-volvement will not only broaden the scope of the plan, but will likely reduce litigation after the plan is enacted. This new planning rule is also important for fish and wildlife habitat. Migration cor-ridors and intact habitats are identified early in the planning process so that these important areas can be managed and con-served as the agency makes decisions about development, recreation and other public land uses. Hunters and anglers support Plan-ning 2.0 as the rule offers wildlife corridors as a management designation, for a key type of wildlife habitat or an area of ecological importance. As you know, the BLM’s ongoing Eastern Colorado Resource Management Plan Revi-sion has incorporated parts of the Planning 2.0 planning rule. Wild Connections and our members have benefited from the ‘‘envi-sioning meetings’’ in 6 towns and cities with-in the planning area, offering the public op-portunities to voice their concerns and com-ments in preparation for the full planning ef-fort. The BLM has received positive com-ments from a diverse voice of users, includ-ing outfitters, horse-packers, grazing lessees, environmental organizations, wildlife groups, hunters, anglers, snowmobilers, off- highway vehicle users, and mining claim-ants. If H.J. Res 44 is passed, the BLM would re-turn to its long-outdated planning rule, which was established in 1983. Of additional concern is that the Congressional Review Act prohibits the agency from writing a new rule that is ‘‘substantially the same’’ with-out additional legislative action. Thus many important aspects of Planning 2.0 would be precluded from being enacted indefinitely in the reformulation of the rule. We strongly urge Members to work with the new administration to make refinements to this planning process that many stake-holders have championed. Please vote against H.J. Res 44 so—that we do not lose these important BLM planning aspects that were just carefully constructed under Plan-ning 2.0. Sincerely, JAMES E. L OCKHART , President. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Congressional Re-publicans have a scorched Earth policy when it comes to anything originated under President Obama. It is the same approach with the Affordable Care Act. They want to completely destroy it, re-gardless of any merits. The majority is not spending all this time and effort simply to repeal this planning rule. This is one of the steps in their massive campaign to convince Americans that Barack Obama wasn’t a good President. They simply can’t stand to allow the accomplishments of the previous administration to stand, so they reflexively strike out to de-stroy anything President Obama sup-ported. This is not legislating. It is certainly not public service, and it isn’t even smart. To paraphrase a former Speaker of the House, Sam Rayburn: anybody can kick down a barn; it takes a car-penter to build one. This isn’t how our government is sup-posed to work. It is especially counter-productive when it comes to something like Planning 2.0, which is specifically designed to make a Federal agency more efficient and more transparent. The BLM rule is about bringing our land use plans into the 21st century. It is about local input. It is about using the best available science. The major-ity wants to return to 1983 so that pol-luters and developers are the only ones with a seat at the table. We should support BLM 2.0, reject this resolution, and I urge my col-leagues to do so. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, we have nearly 100 State and local groups supporting re-peal of BLM 2.0. These are groups like the National Association of Counties, National Association of Conservation Districts, National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, Public Lands Council, Western Energy Alliance, National Mining Association, Petroleum Asso-ciation of Wyoming, as well as a num-ber of Governors and local officials, in-cluding my home State Governor, Matt Mead. Mr. Speaker, I include a letter from Governor Mead in support of this joint resolution and a joint letter from nu-merous other governmental and asso-ciation groups in support of this joint resolution. THESTATE OF WYOMING , O
FFICE OF THE GOVERNOR , Wyoming, January 20, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. S
TEVE SCALISE , House Majority Whip, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. K
EVIN MCCARTHY , House Majority Leader, House of Representa-tives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN, M AJORITY LEADER  M
CCARTHY , ANDMAJORITY WHIPSCALISE : The Bureau of Land Management (BLM) recently published a final rule amending regulations that establish procedures for Resource Man-agement Planning (RMP) (43 CFR Part 1600). The final rule decreases the BLM’s account-ability for cooperating with state and local 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.019 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1041 February 7, 2017 
governments. Specifically, it minimizes state and local government plans, programs and policies and the important role these en-tities should play in final RMP decisions. This rule is a prime candidate for Congres-sional analysis under the Congressional Re-view Act (CRA). I ask that you bring this rule to the full House for consideration under the CRA for a floor debate. The BLM can and must involve state and local govern-ments in RMP decisions and it must respect the role of state and local governments. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, M
ATTHEW H. M EAD, Governor. 
JANUARY 26, 2017. Hon. M
ITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. C
HARLES SCHUMER , Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL , M I-
NORITY LEADER SCHUMER , SPEAKER RYAN AND  M
INORITY LEADER PELOSI : As representatives of state and local governments and public lands stakeholders from across the United States, we encourage Congress to use its leg-islative authority to review the Bureau of Land Management’s (BLM) Planning 2.0 rule. As partners with the federal government, we continue to encourage the BLM to engage in meaningful collaboration with local stake-holders during the development of policies and guidelines. And despite representations by the BLM to do just that, we remain un-convinced that Planning 2.0 in its final form does much to satisfy the objective of mean-ingful collaboration and consultation with non-federal governmental entities. Robust coordination and cooperation be-tween states and local governments and the BLM allows federal decision-makers to be re-sponsive to the concerns of state and local government officials during policy develop-ment and sets the stage for more effective and efficient implementation of federal poli-cies by involving multi-jurisdictional re-sources and expertise. Simply put, gathering meaningful, on the ground, input from the states and localities that will be most im-pacted by BLM’s planning regulations is critical to ensuring a practical federal policy that works at the local level. For years to come, the proposed Planning 2.0 rule will have a substantial impact on how the BLM engages with state and local government and manages its 245 million acres of public lands and 700 million acres of subsurface minerals. We encourage Congress to act to ensure BLM’s Planning 2.0 rule does not go into effect and instruct the agency to work with intergovernmental partners to en-sure the policy has benefited from meaning-ful, on the ground, collaboration with state and local governments. Sincerely, Alaska Municipal League; American Sheep Industry Association; Arizona Association of Counties; Arizona Coun-ty Supervisors Association; Associa-tion of Oregon Counties; Eureka Coun-ty, Nevada; National Association of Conservation Districts; National Asso-ciation of Counties; National Associa-tion of State Departments of Agri-culture; National Cattlemen’s Beef As-sociation; Nevada Association of Con-servation Districts. Nevada Association of Counties; Oregon Association of Conservation Districts; Public Lands Council; Rural County Representatives of California; Utah As-sociation of Conservation Districts; Utah Association of Counties; Western Interstate Region of NACo; Wyoming Association of Conservation Districts; Wyoming County Commissioners Asso-ciation; Wyoming Stock Growers Asso-ciation; Wyoming Wool Growers Asso-ciation. b1445 Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, we know that government that is closest to the people is best. What we have seen over the last 8 years, unfortunately, in Washington, D.C., has been a massive expansion of the authority and the overreach of the Federal Government under the Obama administration. We have seen a number of instances where agencies have acted outside of the law, in some instances outside of the Con-stitution. BLM 2.0 is an example of where this agency is acting completely outside of the law. There is absolutely no legal authority, no statutory language on which they can base this rulemaking, on which they can base the funda-mental changes that they are making and the fundamental power grab that they are making. It is hugely important for us, as we go forward here, to make sure that we have done everything we can to roll back regulations that are really killing our jobs, that are preventing people in our local communities from being able to make a living, from being able to consistently graze, for example, on these public lands. It is absolutely out-side of the law to have a situation, as 2.0 would create, where people who have never been to these lands, people who, frankly, may not even be in the United States, have just as much a say in how we manage our lands as a rancher who has got to graze on those lands or as the county commissioners who are charged with making decisions about those lands. A number of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have mentioned today the thousands of comments that the BLM sought as they were going through this rulemaking process. The problem is that there is very little evi-dence that any of those comments were taken into account in the final rule-making. As I mentioned earlier, the track record with respect to the BLM listening to and being willing to take into account local concerns is a very bad one in which you have got State agencies that are led to believe they will have an impact and then find themselves having radio silence, essen-tially, from the BLM. Mr. Speaker, Planning 2.0 is a dan-gerous and damaging rule. Overturning it today, through the Congressional Review Act, through this joint resolu-tion, will enable us to begin to restore authority where it belongs: with our local communities, with our local elected officials. Those who are closest to the land, those who have to work on the land, those who make a living on the land are the absolute best stewards of our land and of our resources. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this measure to repeal BLM Planning 2.0. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 91, the previous question is ordered on the joint resolution. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the joint resolu-tion. The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF RULE SUB-MITTED BY DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION RELATING TO TEACHER PREPARATION ISSUES Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to House Resolution 91, I call up the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 58) pro-viding for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to teacher preparation issues, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 91, the joint resolution is considered read. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: 
H.J. R ES. 58 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-approves the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of Education relating to teacher prepa-ration issues (published at 81 Fed. Reg. 75494 (October 31, 2016)), and such rule shall have no force or effect. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) and the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. D
AVIS) each will control 30 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on H.J. Res. 58. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.016 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1042 February 7, 2017 
There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.J. Res. 58. The purpose of the resolution under consideration is simple: reining in the Federal role in education and protecting State and local control promised to students, par-ents, and education leaders. Under the Higher Education Act, teacher preparation programs are re-quired to provide certain information to State leaders to help determine the effectiveness of those programs. The State then submits an annual report card to the Department of Education that highlights the quality of their teacher preparation programs. Addi-tionally, the Higher Education Act pro-vides TEACH Grants to high-achieving students who commit to teaching math, science, reading, or a foreign language at high-needs schools. To en-sure taxpayer dollars are being used re-sponsibly, the law requires that grant recipients attend an institution that provides high-quality teacher prepara-tion and professional development services. In 2012, the Obama administration began a rulemaking process to develop Federal criteria for State teacher prep-aration report cards. For the first time, and without congressional au-thorization, the rule that came out of that process tied eligibility for TEACH Grants to the State’s teacher prepara-tion report card. That flawed and con-troversial rule is the reason we are here today. We all agree that accountability is important, particularly when it comes to ensuring our students receive the high-quality education they deserve. However, it is also important that State and local leaders have the flexi-bility they need to make decisions that affect the schools and programs in their local communities. Teacher preparation should be ad-dressed through reauthorization of the Higher Education Act, not unilaterally by executive fiat. That is exactly what the Obama administration did by forc-ing its one-size-fits-all approach to education on teacher preparation pro-grams. The rule requires States to track new teachers across three per-formance levels: student learning out-comes, employment outcomes, and em-ployer surveys. In doing so, it essen-tially creates a Federal mandate for teacher evaluations that Congress ex-plicitly rejected with the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act. The regulation as-sumes the Federal Government knows better than local education leaders when it comes to what makes an effec-tive teacher. And to make matters worse, it will also result in fewer teachers opting to teach students in low-income neighborhoods and schools. Teachers play an important role in helping students learn and succeed both in and out of the classroom. Un-fortunately, as it did so often, the Obama administration overreached and took a flawed approach to preparing teachers to meet the needs of their stu-dents. The teacher preparation rule blatantly ignores the principles guid-ing recent bipartisan education re-forms and will make it more difficult for State and local leaders to help en-sure teachers are ready to succeed. The resolution under consideration, H.J. Res. 58, will block the implemen-tation of this misguided policy and pro-tect State and local control over deci-sions affecting their teachers and stu-dents. The Federal Government has played too large a role in education for far too long. I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this resolution and help rein in the Federal Government’s role in education. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 58, which would dismantle key protections of teacher preparation programs. Unfortunately, this joint resolution is part of a much larger ef-fort by my colleagues to remove cru-cial safeguards from the education sec-tor and move us backwards. In my time on the San Diego School Board, the California legislature, and the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, I found one thing to be a constant: studies find time and time again that a quality teacher makes the most important impact on a child’s success in school. So I am finding it difficult to under-stand why anyone would support this joint resolution that decreases the quality of the very programs respon-sible for training our teachers. H.J. Res. 58 undoes years of hard work on both sides of the aisle to de-velop vital safeguards that ensure transparency and quality in teacher preparation programs. This provision plays a significant role in ensuring that teaching programs across the country work with educators to de-velop curriculum that trains teachers most effectively. Beyond this specific protection, it is important to keep in mind the damage that Congressional Review Acts can do to key safeguards on the books. H.J. Res. 58 takes away the possi-bility of the Department of Education coming back to rethink these protec-tions and takes a sword to the lan-guage where a scalpel should be used. I know that many of my colleagues have concerns about the burdens that these protections have on our schools. Rightly so. But it is important to re-member that, behind many of these safeguards, there is a student whose fu-ture is at stake. I have heard countless stories from students in my district who have been defrauded by schools that they trusted with their time and their money. I think it is important to remind my col-leagues across the aisle that those are the people who we have been elected to serve, students who seek higher edu-cation as a means to a brighter future and often find themselves no better off at the end of years of hard work. So if my Republican colleagues want to discuss changes to the teacher prep-aration program provisions when we hopefully reauthorize the Higher Edu-cation Act this Congress, I am cer-tainly open to having that discussion. If they want to get creative about in-creasing the quality and the efficiency of our schools, I will be the first person to sit down and have those discussions. But if they want to deregulate just for the sake of deregulation, well, I have to stand up for our students. If they want to, as Jerry Falwell recently implied, undo vital components of title 9 safeguards against sexual assault on our campuses, I am hopeful that my colleagues from both sides of the aisle will refuse. Mr. Speaker, we were elected to this House to protect all of our constitu-ents, including the most vulnerable members of our society. Nowhere is that more critical than where it per-tains to the young people who are the most important investments that we can make as a country. For every student who is defrauded by a school, not given an opportunity because of their socioeconomic back-ground, or drowning in debt, we are holding back one more person who could be contributing to our economy and to our society. We are giving one more person the wrong start in their adult lives, and the impact of that debt often affects their parents, their spouses, and children for years. I hope that my colleagues realize that it is in our best interest to protect students and not corporations. That it is in our best interest to safeguard eq-uity and accessibility in our schools, and not for-profit schools who donate millions to encourage deregulation. I am hopeful that instead of taking an ax to the many protections that we developed for our students, my col-leagues will join me in discussing the most responsible way, the best way that we can increase quality and effi-ciency in our schools. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ten-nessee (Mr. R
OE.) Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.J. Res. 58, which nullifies the teacher preparation issues rule finalized by the Department of Education in October of 2016. Mr. Speaker, it is an unfortunate sit-uation that we find ourselves in when I consistently hear from educators that they are spending more and more time trying to comply with misguided rules from the Federal Government instead of teaching our children and grand-children. The Department of Education and the Obama administration have acted as if they know what type of teacher is best for east Tennessee instead of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.050 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1043 February 7, 2017 
people living and working there every day. I want nothing more than to have the best teachers in our classrooms teaching children all across this coun-try, but burdensome one-size-fits-all regulations from the Federal Govern-ment that emphasize bureaucracy and compliance instead of a student edu-cation is not the way to get there. b1500 The teacher preparation regulations put forth by the Obama administration are yet another example of misguided Federal overreach that would burden schools, institutions of higher edu-cation, and States. These regulations are unfunded and would impose exten-sive data collection requirements on States, colleges, and universities. And one university, Mr. Speaker, in my State spends $150 million a year com-plying with government regulations. Under these regulations, institutions of higher education that do not meet the rules requirements could lose ac-cess to Federal financial aid, which is yet another example of the prior ad-ministration using the regulatory proc-ess to bypass the legislative process. Both the School Superintendents Asso-ciation and the National Governors As-sociation have highlighted how these regulations are a significant intrusion on the role States play in ensuring ac-countability for teacher preparation. The American Association of Colleges for Teacher Education has indicated that these regulations are likely to ex-acerbate teacher shortages in areas where they are critically needed, like special education. When Congress passed on a bipartisan basis Every Student Succeeds Act, we expected the Obama administration would work to continue the momentum for giving States and local school dis-tricts the flexibility they needed to help kids learn. The administration went in the opposite direction, which is why I encourage my colleagues to sup-port this resolution. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS). Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. D
AVIS) for yielding. I rise in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 57 and 58 that undermine equity in public education. Until I moved to Chicago when I was 19, I attended segregated schools be-cause our States failed to follow Fed-eral laws and the Federal Government demonstrated weak enforcement. The Civil Rights Act and the Elementary and Secondary Education Act advanced equal educational opportunity for Afri-can-American students and other stu-dents who faced discrimination and barriers in education, making this country stronger and better. During Black History Month, the GOP will advance a bill to undermine the educational civil rights of African- American students. The scope of this joint resolution of disapproval clearly reflects the discrimination and the in-tent. It doesn’t target a narrow regula-tion. It encompasses each of the crit-ical civil rights elements of ESSA— data collection and reporting to ensure transparency about whether schools are educating vulnerable students com-parably to other students, and account-ability to ensure that schools take ac-tion to improve and receive support in meeting the needs of all students. To do so leaves States confused and Fed-eral protections for disadvantaged stu-dents hollow. H.J. Res. 57 is an extreme, calculated effort to promote discrimination, re-moving any transparency and account-ability related to educational civil rights. African-American students do not yet have equal educational oppor-tunity. Black students are suspended and expelled three times the rate that their White peers are, only about two- thirds of Black students graduate high school on time compared to 86 percent of White students, and one in three Black men who start as a full-time stu-dent at a university graduate with a bachelor’s degree within 6 years. Students with disabilities, English language learners, low-income stu-dents, Latino students, and Native- American students also do not yet enjoy equal educational opportunity. This resolution will erase this data and allow schools that continue these dis-parities to continue performing poorly in perpetuity. Out of respect for our country’s his-tory of educational discrimination against vulnerable students, out of re-spect for Black History Month, and out of respect for the American value of equal opportunity, I ask my colleagues to reject this discriminatory resolu-tion. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michi-gan (Mr. MITCHELL ), my friend. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. G
UTHRIE ) for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.J. Res. 58. I am pleased to join Congress-man G
UTHRIE as a cosponsor. As a parent, I know the critical dif-ference teachers can make in a stu-dent’s life. That is why many young people choose the path of education as their career and their mission. This rule creates an arbitrary tie be-tween teacher preparation programs and student test scores. What is worse, this rule unfairly discriminates against teachers who commit to teaching STEM subjects or different languages— critical subjects already facing a teacher shortage and occupations des-perately seeking skilled employees. In Michigan—my home State—teach-er training program enrollment de-clined 38 percent between 2008 and 2013. The number of people who actually pursue teaching after going through a prep curriculum declined by 26 percent. We face a teacher shortage in Michigan and nationwide. I frequently hear from the people I serve, teachers and parents in my dis-trict, that they are disheartened and frustrated by the Federal Govern-ment’s overreach and arrogance that turns educating young people into a test score. Mr. Speaker, let’s return authority where it belongs with teachers and, more importantly, parents. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ESPAILLAT ). Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 58, which would gut States’ teacher preparedness pro-grams. This rollback is just one of many at-tempts by Republicans to dismantle the Department of Education by strip-ping its oversight and enforcement au-thority. The Trump administration has already made it clear its lack of regard for public education by picking an un-qualified nominee to head the Depart-ment, and congressional Republicans are falling right in line by attempting to remove important rules to improve teacher preparedness. This rule came into place as part of the bipartisan reauthorization of the Higher Education Act. The reauthor-ization brought consensus measures to improve teacher training. But given the opportunity, Republicans are will-ing to forego public education all to-gether by using the CRA to prevent the Department from overseeing State-led initiatives. And there is the crux of it. These initiatives are State-led and allow great levels of flexibility, provi-sions that Republicans championed during reauthorization. Now, they want to take advantage of an obscure congressional provision, used only once in our history prior to this Congress. This will tie the hands of future admin-istrations from improving the trans-parency and quality of teacher pre-paredness programs. If Republicans are happy with the rule and want to change it to improve the quality of education, this adminis-tration should use existing administra-tive tools to amend and revise the reg-ulation. But that is not what this is about. This is about dismantling our public education system. Congressional Republicans want blanket deregulation of Federal education programs in order to allow States to ignore laws intended to protect disadvantaged students. I invite my Republican colleagues to bring forth a plan that improves rules protecting our students, not to dis-mantle them. But this is simply not the way. I implore my colleagues to abandon this backdoor workaround and to work in a bipartisan fashion, like we did when Congress reauthorized the HEA, to develop ways in which we can improve public education for all of our children. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.051 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1044 February 7, 2017 
Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentle-woman from Oregon (Ms. B
ONAMICI ). Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 58, which would undermine the requirement that States assess the quality of their teacher preparation programs and weaken ef-forts to provide educators with high- quality teacher preparation programs. There is no doubt that our country needs highly skilled and diverse edu-cators, and that means attracting good people by providing them with high- quality preparation and ongoing sup-port, especially early in their careers. Many teacher preparation programs are meeting this charge—recruiting di-verse candidates, offering rigorous practicums, and providing supports that follow them into their classrooms. But some programs are still pre-paring large cohorts of educators for fields that are not in demand. And, ac-cording to one survey, more than 60 percent of teachers still enter the classroom feeling unprepared for one of the toughest, most important jobs in America. Many of us readily agree that the regulations governing transparency and program quality for teacher prepa-ration are not perfect. But, let’s re-member that this resolution would ef-fectively demolish key provisions at the Higher Education Act, which was last reauthorized in 2008, and in which Members from both sides of the aisle agreed that States needed to provide better data on the quality of their teacher preparation programs. If the rules for improving teacher preparation programs are unnecessary, as my friends across the aisle may con-tend, I would ask them to explain why critical sections of the Higher Edu-cation Act remain largely unimplemented, nearly a decade after Members of Congress wrote the re-quirements into law. Without regula-tions, provisions of the 2008 reauthor-ization will continue to go unfilled. Taxpayer-funded grants will continue to support ineffective programs for teachers in high-needs schools. The truth is, Democrats and Repub-licans could probably reach consensus about how we might like to see these regulations amended and improved. I am sure we all support robust data on how new teachers are performing and being supported in the classroom. And I am sure we all support States and in-stitutions using data to continually strengthen their preparation programs. But, unfortunately, my Republican colleagues appear unwilling to have that conversation about how to give teacher preparation programs the tools they need to improve. Instead, they have offered this resolution that would essentially guarantee that important provisions in law are never fully imple-mented by this administration, or a fu-ture administration, because this reso-lution is under the Congressional Re-view Act, which, until recently, has been used successfully only once. It is a blunt instrument that actually bans Federal agencies from providing simi-lar protections in the future. So instead of fixing the teacher prep-aration regulations and upholding con-gressional intent in the Higher Edu-cation Act, supporters of this resolu-tion are turning their backs on the law. The resolution is an overreaction. It appears to be part of a dangerous agenda to do permanent damage to the Department of Education’s important oversight and enforcement responsibil-ities. I urge my colleagues to oppose this and work together on amending the regulations. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. I need to explain what we are doing here. We are not changing the report card that schools have that teacher preparation programs have to provide. This rule says that if a school doesn’t score well on its report card then stu-dents in that program can’t get TEACH grants, which tries to focus on getting teachers from teacher programs into challenging schools. So what happens is, if you are an outstanding student and you are trapped in a school, let’s say, because where you can afford to go is not performing well, then based on your school not performing well, not on the merit of that future teacher, they are not allowed to get a TEACH grant. That is what we are trying to prevent here. I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, I just want to comment because I was a little confused by what the gen-tleman said. I believe that we want to be sure that teachers who get TEACH grants are doing that at schools that have shown the capacity and the abil-ity to really help children achieve. And so that is why we want to direct them into those schools particularly. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. C
OURTNEY ). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this measure. And I do so as someone who, in 2008, actually was a member of the conference com-mittee when we passed the reauthoriza-tion of the Higher Education Act. Un-fortunately, that is the last time Con-gress has moved forward, and we are about 3 or 4 years overdue in terms of modernizing and updating that law. But I can tell you, Mr. Speaker, hav-ing been to the meetings—and we actu-ally met as conferees and we had votes and we had discussion, unlike a lot of the short-circuited processes that un-fortunately dominates most of our business these days—it was a healthy process. b1515 This issue of teacher preparation in setting up standards was totally non-controversial. There were a couple of items on which the two sides actually debated, but this one was a no-brainer. It just makes perfect sense that we want to make sure that there is at least a minimum standard out there to make sure that kids are getting the op-portunities they need, particularly with the changing demands and needs of the workforce. What also just sort of astonishes me is the manner in which this regulation was issued, which was only last Octo-ber. The ink is, really, barely dry on it. We have a new incoming administra-tion with a new Secretary, whom I will talk about in a second, and they have more than ample opportunity to go back into the regulations process and amend it, make changes, if they so choose. Instead, rather than using a scalpel, we are using a chain saw to ba-sically carve out, in essence, a section of the law because the ability of the Department’s to go back and do a simi-lar regulation is not allowed under the Congressional Review Act. This is a measure which, as I said, was just totally noncontroversial, on which we had a very strong vote, by the way, in terms of the final result of the conference that took place back in 2008, and the process that is being used is just tremendous overkill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. DAVIS of California. I yield the gentleman such time as he may con-sume. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, frank-ly, I think, as we stand here today in the Chamber—and just an hour or so ago, we had a Secretary who was con-firmed in an unprecedented procedure during which the Vice President had to come in and break the tie—it, unfortu-nately, has the look of, really, being part of a pattern that we are seeing emerge here with the confirmation hearing process during which the in-coming Secretary showed almost no re-gard for the notion of accountability in terms of charter schools and voucher programs, which, for the taxpayer and for the kids and the parents who really depend on our education system, is just a totally unacceptable approach. As I said, this CRA bill on the teach-er preparation program is just part of the same cloth. It is saying that we are just going to carve out a section which was a totally bipartisan, commonsense provision back in 2008 and that we are going to handcuff the ability of the De-partment to even come in with a sub-stitute. The chances of Congress, at this point, coming in with new legisla-tion—I mean, I am the eternal opti-mist. Hopefully, that will happen, but it sure hasn’t happened over the last 3 or 4 years since the HEA, Higher Edu-cation Act, expired. This is really, I think, a very unfor-tunate effort that is being put forth here on the floor. As I said, given what is going on with the Department and the vote that took place here earlier today, for those who really care about making sure that our free public edu-cation system, which has been, basi-cally, part of America since Abraham Lincoln first proposed it back in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.053 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1045 February 7, 2017 
middle of the Civil War, we need to be totally on guard—on standby—to make sure that the taxpayer is protected in terms of making sure these grant pro-grams go to school districts and sys-tems that are actually following through with programs of value and to make sure that we protect the pillars of public education. Anyone watching that confirmation process over in the Senate, I think, was extremely worried and alarmed, which is why, I think, we had this avalanche of emails and calls that came in all across the country during that process. I strongly urge a ‘‘no’’ vote for all of the reasons I have stated. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD). Mr. BUDD. I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, H.J. Res. 57, which we will be voting on today and discussing and debating in a few moments, would overturn an administration rule on school accountability standards that were finalized back in November. Congress passed a law last year with the intent of giving power back to States and to local communities, but unelected bureaucrats at the Depart-ment of Education finalized this rule last year which, ultimately, could force Common Core standards on States that don’t comply. We see this time and time again. Congress will create a law, and then an agency that is filled with unelected of-ficials disregards the will of the people by writing regulations as it sees fit. Every American, in putting aside one’s personal ideology, can agree that an important issue like how we educate our kids is not something that we should decide here in Washington. In the months and the years to come, we should welcome a continued debate about whether the fate of a child’s edu-cation should be decided in Washington or if a child’s education should be more personalized at the State and the com-munity levels. In my view, dictating specific accountability requirements from Washington and punishing those who don’t meet those standards is a losing prescription. It is my hope that every kid in my district, in North Carolina, and around the country has a quality education. I think that is the hope of my col-leagues, too. The more we think that Washington has all of the answers, the further we get away from our founding vision of a limited Federal role in our lives, especially in something as per-sonal as education. It will be debated in a few moments, but I do urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on H.J. Res. 57. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. We are actually talking about two of these joint resolutions, both H.J. Res. 57 and H.J. Res. 58, and are looking at accountability measures. Sometimes I think people forget, actually, that the first time that Common Core was men-tioned in Federal law was in ESSA, the most recently reauthorized legislation for elementary and secondary edu-cation. That was done because we agreed to do that, because we felt that it was important to call it out while, at the same time, being careful to look at our local and our State authorities and have them come together and make the decisions that they think are best for their students. That has been the tradi-tion, and that is why it is important that we have those folks in place in our local school districts. As a former school board member, I know that those are where the real de-cisions are made for kids, but we need to see in which area and why we have a Federal role. I think, even at the hearing that we had in the Education and the Workforce Committee today, the Republicans’ witnesses acknowl-edged that there is an importance of a Federal role. It is in accountability and responsibility and in acknowledging that sometimes it is important to give direction to States and to give direc-tion to local school districts as well. That is really what we are trying to do here. We are trying to do it in a smart way, and we are trying to do it in a way so that we can realize, in the future, there may be changes that need to be made and that those changes may require Congresses of the future to look at particular protections and see if they are redundant, if they are nec-essary, or if, maybe, they take us in the wrong direction. What we are talk-ing about today gives us no hope that we will be able to do that. We are basi-cally writing in stone that we will never have to go back—that we can’t go back—and look at some of those protections. That is the wrong thing to do. We all know that, with one protec-tion or another, of course, there can be problems. We don’t want to ignore that, but we want to be sure that, par-ticularly when we are looking at teach-er prep programs, for example, we are looking at the data that is coming to-gether that suggests whether some pro-grams are more beneficial for the achievement of young people in our schools than others. Boy, I sure hope as a school board member that we have the information that is available to people, because we can get that at a national level that we can’t necessarily all get at the State level. It is important to know what processes are in place. Some of these protections that the Federal Govern-ment has created are giving direction to that. They are saying here are ways to look at your program and decide whether, in fact, they are doing exactly what you think they should be doing. The most important part is that we are getting feedback from our teachers. This is a process that is so critical, that of having people who are on the ground who know what they are talk-ing about. We are responsive to that, and those were some of the processes that we used in the Department of Edu-cation as well. I am not going to tell you that each one is perfect. I just want us to have a way to look at them and to understand how they impact our teachers. I want all teachers who want to succeed with kids, who are not in teaching for financial reimbursement, to be there because they really believe in kids and because they believe in their ability to succeed, and they want to be sure that they have the tools, that they have the resources, to do that. Many of the protections that we are talking about provide that kind of help and assistance. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 58, the joint resolution of dis-approval of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to teacher preparation programs. This resolution would not only block the rule in question, but according to the rules of the CRA, it would tie the hands of this and of any future admin-istration from re-regulating the provi-sions until a successful reauthorization of the Higher Education Act might take place. Mr. Speaker, this rule in question provides clarity to States on how to in-crease teacher preparation program quality, transparency, and the equi-table distribution of well-prepared teachers. It was promulgated to enable compliance with the statutory provi-sion included in the 2008 reauthoriza-tion of the Higher Education Act. According to a study by the Edu-cation Schools Project, more than 60 percent of new teachers feel unprepared to enter the classroom. We also know that disadvantaged students are taught disproportionately by new, inexperi-enced, and underprepared teachers. Congress sought to address this in the HEA reauthorization through the in-clusion of requirements that are clari-fied by this regulation. Congress clear-ly intended for these equity-focused provisions to be meaningfully imple-mented; however, absent Federal regu-lation, the bipartisan intent of Con-gress has gone unfulfilled. Despite statements made by many on the other side of the aisle, the Depart-ment of Education did engage in exten-sive consultation with stakeholders and the public in drafting and then in finalizing this rule. The draft rule put forward in 2014 lacked the appropriate flexibility and was met with over-whelming resistance. Through an ex-tended comment period, the Depart-ment worked for more than 2 years to revise the rule and produce a final rule with considerably more flexibility for States and institutions. Regardless of how flexible the rule is or not, I believe that, upon careful re-view of the regulation and the statu-tory provisions, the final rule is clearly within the scope of the agency’s regu-latory authority. Whether one thinks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.055 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1046 February 7, 2017 
the rule is perfect or flawed, the sub-stance of the final rule is reasonable and is clarifying an interpretation of how to comply with statutory require-ments. It is now 2017. Federal requirements to improve teacher preparation pro-gram quality and transparency have gone largely unfulfilled since the 2008 reauthorization. In such an instance, it is well within the purview of the imple-menting agency to regulate and more clearly interpret statutory require-ments to prompt meaningful compli-ance and inform Congress and the agency in subsequent reauthorizations. The executive overreach or illegality of a rule and the disagreement with the substance of the rule are not two sides of the same coin. Republicans now con-trol the executive branch. President Trump has administrative tools at his disposal to revise or to completely re-write this regulation. It is clear, based on the history of the implementation of these provisions, that regulatory clarity is necessary. The responsible approach would be to utilize those tools to improve the regulation. In the history of the Congressional Review Act, Congress has only used it once to disapprove a regulation. In-stead of engaging in the hard work of governing by revising the teacher prep-aration rule, my colleagues have re-sorted to this act of repealing yet an-other rule that is meant to support our Nation’s families and children. It is un-necessary, and we must recommit to doing the right thing for those whom we serve. I urge my colleagues to reject this resolution. b1530 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. I think this has been a good discus-sion, and I think that the hearing that we had today was even an opening as well at looking at this issue. I think no matter what side of the aisle one was on, you couldn’t nec-essarily distinguish the witnesses be-cause it was important that we say that there is a smart way to do this and, frankly, there is kind of a stupid way to do it. Because we want to be sure that the consequences of our ac-tions are not ones that would be im-pacting our children down the road. So we have to go about this in a measured way, in a smart way. I actu-ally believe that we all have the capac-ity to do that. There is no question in my mind that we can’t do that in a way that really asks the right questions: Why are those protections there? Why did they establish those regulations and protections? So that we can track and understand what is behind them. I really do remember that, as a school board member, now and then, there was some frustration over some-thing within the special education arena. But when you went back and you looked at why that came about, it was because there was a child who rep-resented a problem in the system be-cause we didn’t do the right thing. We realized that it wasn’t just that child, but it was many children who could be affected in the same way. That is what we have to look at: Why are they there? How can we change them? How can we be smart about it and make sure that we don’t do some-thing that, in the end, will harm our education system and even impact those children who really are the most vulnerable that we would not want to impact under any circumstances? So, Mr. Speaker, let’s work together on this. Unfortunately, what this does today is it takes away that ability to use, I think, the goodwill of our com-mittee to do the right thing. I hope that my colleagues will agree with that. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Republicans and Democrats on both sides of the aisle have worked hard in recent years, particularly in the ESSA that we passed to make sure that we have local control of education, the idea that reforms that State and edu-cation local leaders know best. I think the same is true for teachers. It is vitally important that we have teachers that are prepared to succeed. We want the best and brightest in the classroom that help ensure our stu-dents receive the quality education they deserve. This resolution will put an end to this rule that will have negative con-sequences, I believe, for teachers and students; but it will allow us to address teacher preparation responsibly. Arti-cle I of the Constitution gives the leg-islative powers to Congress. So we don’t just need to say: There’s a new administration in town, let them fix it. What we need to say is that it is Con-gress’ job, through working together, to pass the law and reauthorize higher education that will ensure that we have quality teachers in the classroom teaching our children. So I urge my colleagues to put a stop to this rule and vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.J. Res. 58. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 91, the previous question is ordered on the joint resolution. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the joint resolu-tion. The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on passage of the joint reso-lution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF RULE SUB-MITTED BY DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION RELATING TO AC-COUNTABILITY AND STATE PLANS Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 91, I call up the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 57) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of Education relating to account-ability and State plans under the Ele-mentary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, and ask for its immediate con-sideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 91, the joint resolution is considered read. The text of the joint resolution is as follows: 
H.J. R ES. 57 Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress dis-approves the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of Education relating to accountability and State plans under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (published at 81 Fed. Reg. 86076 (November 29, 2016)), and such rule shall have no force or effect. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. R
OKITA ) and the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may be given 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous mate-rials on H.J. Res. 57. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Indiana? There was no objection. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in strong support of H.J. Res. 57. Mr. Speaker, I was here also on this floor listening to the debate that just finished on H.J. Res. 58, and I have a feeling a lot of the same things are going to carry over because we are dealing with the same Department. In fact, we are dealing with the prior ad-ministration generally. I was struck by the words that we need to ‘‘give direction to the States.’’ I think, by definition, those words demonstrate how one side here thinks that they know best; that their judg-ment is somehow better than the judg-ment of governors, of State legislators, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.057 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1047 February 7, 2017 
of parents, teachers, and superintend-ents themselves when it comes to this issue and, in fact, in a larger perspec-tive, when it comes to most issues around here. We must give direction to the States—no. The fact of the matter is, when the President signed into law, when we passed ESSA—the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act—in a lot of ways we were saying to the States: You give the di-rection. You set the way that you think is best to educate your best as-sets. Your best assets, of course, being our next generation. While we at the Federal level would like to be partners, the fact of the mat-ter is it is their property. The tax dol-lars we are talking about are the prop-erty of the individuals living in the 50 States and other jurisdictions. So now here we are using the Con-gressional Review Act to get rid of some regulations that are doing that very thing. We wrote a very specific law saying the States are in charge. Here we have a Federal agency insert-ing itself, not just interpreting law, but actually making law and taking us in the exact opposite direction that all of us intended. When I say all of us, I say that in a very bipartisan way, Mr. Speaker, be-cause—I am now in my fifth year of being chairman of the Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Education here in the House. My first 4 years were consumed working with past Chairman John Kline, current Chairwoman V
IRGINIA  F
OXX, other members of the com-mittee, and all our Democratic coun-terparts in getting this very bipartisan law passed and signed into law. Let me go back, Mr. Speaker, and set the table here. You will have to re-member that under the No Child Left Behind law, which was the law of the land for some 13 years—perhaps a well- intentioned law, but completely unrea-sonable in terms of its forced, ridged, one-size-fits-all accountability system that heavily dictated how we would gauge and address school perform-ance—that system represented a top- down approach in K–12 education. After 13 years, the data is in and the results are in. It simply didn’t work. So that is why just a little more than a year ago, Congress passed—again, former President Obama signed into law in a very bipartisan way—the Every Student Succeeds Act. With this law, Republicans and Democrats worked together to reform our edu-cation system to ensure that all chil-dren are able to receive the education they deserve. It represents a fundamen-tally different approach to education and, in the words of one super-intendent, empowers local leaders to ‘‘dream and lead and transform public education in this country.’’ Unfortunately, almost immediately after the bill became law, the Obama administration began its attempt to roll back these bipartisan reforms. With the Every Student Succeeds Act, Congress promised to reduce the Fed-eral role and restore State and local control over K–12 education. The law empowers States to develop their own policies to hold schools accountable to parents and taxpayers. For accountability to work, Mr. Speaker, it must be driven by the State and local leaders who are best equipped to directly address the issues in their school. Those leaders know better than any Federal bureaucrat in the Depart-ment of Education what their kids need, even down to what their kids’ names are. I challenge any Federal bu-reaucrat to know better. Unfortunately, the Obama adminis-tration’s flawed accountability regula-tion would reestablish the Washington- knows-best approach to accountability. It is the very same thing I mentioned earlier that we just heard regarding H.J. Res. 58. It is an approach that is deeply flawed. How do I know? What is the best met-ric to prove the point that that Wash-ington-knows-best approach is deeply flawed? Look at it. Look at the test scores since the Federal Government has been involved in education. You see that they haven’t gone up. Yet we have spent billions and billions of dollars since the 1970s here at the Federal level on local education to see no improve-ment in the test scores. Not only does the regulation dictate prescriptive accountability require-ments, but it violates many of the pro-hibitions that we put in on the Sec-retary of Education. As we all saw, the top-down approach simply didn’t work. So that is why we repealed No Child Left Behind and passed a bill to trans-form K–12 education. Our students deserve better than the failed policies of the past, and that is what the Every Student Succeeds Act does, if implemented as Congress in-tended. Now, our intent was not ambiguous, and the law is far from silent. We were very specific in the law we wrote. Our specificity dictated that the States and localities were back in charge. They were driving the bus again. No pun in-tended. The Department has taken some kind of ambiguity, I guess, some kind of si-lence, and has inserted themselves into the lawmaking role. That wasn’t our intent. Our intent was for a new role for the Department, a much smaller role for the Department, a less supervisory role for the Department, and a less punitive role for the Department, one that would simply ensure that our specifi-cally written law, as passed off this floor, passed off the Senate floor, and eventually signed into law, was fol-lowed as we wrote it. So an example of that was we require the States to have plans for how they were going to test, that they would test, but nothing more prescriptive than that. That is just one example, the testing. There were some other parameters. Then they were to submit those plans to the Federal Government, and the Department of Education was simply to check the box and make sure that the plans were done and otherwise comply with the law. The Department wasn’t to be more prescriptive than that. It wasn’t to give any more regu-lation than that. It wasn’t to, frankly, give too much more direction than that because we recognize that this re-sponsibility is primarily that of gov-ernors, State legislators, school super-intendents, parents, and teachers. Now, States are already working to implement the law in their school dis-tricts. I want to be very clear that this resolution in no way does anything to stymie those efforts. States should move straight ahead. Instead, the resolution gives States the certainty they need to continue moving forward, confident that their plans will be reviewed by the Depart-ment of Education against the require-ments of the statute and nothing more, with deference given to the judgment of these local legislators, local super-intendents, et cetera, as the law re-quires. We are also committed to working with the new administration to ensure States receive the support they need consistent with the limits placed in the statute. So, my colleagues, by passing this resolution and blocking implementa-tion of the Obama administration’s flawed accountability rule, we can en-sure that the promises we made under the Every Student Succeeds Act to re-store State and local control in K–12 education are kept. I urge my colleagues to support H.J. Res. 57 and protect those important bi-partisan reforms. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the resolution before us, which would overturn the accountability regula-tions in the Every Student Succeeds Act, our Nation’s most important K–12 education law. These accountability guidelines pro-mulgated by the Department are not only allowed under the Every Student Succeeds Act, but they are essentially required. This legislative body last ses-sion put language into the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act calling upon the De-partment and the Secretary to clarify this. It is a very different perspective on what that legislative intent was. There are items in the Every Student Succeeds Act that we agreed—Demo-crats and Republicans—the Secretary and the Department would be prohib-ited from promulgating rules regard-ing. For instance, one of those is the promulgation of rules in support of the Common Core curriculum. b1545 Democrats and Republicans agree that the Federal Government should 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.060 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1048 February 7, 2017 
not be setting curriculum. That is a matter for the States. We prohibit it, specifically, in language in ESSA. We prohibit the Federal Government from promulgating rules that require, in any way, shape, or form, the adoption of the common core standards at the State level. What is not prohibited is rules re-garding State accountability systems. Quite to the contrary, it is important work. In fact, it is the core work under the Every Student Succeeds Act, that very core commitment to civil rights that so many Democrats and Repub-licans feel passionate about that is contained through these rules. When the Elementary and Secondary Education Act first passed in 1965, it was a critical piece of civil rights legis-lation, and it still is to this day. It was written with the intent that every stu-dent, no matter their race, back-ground, ZIP Code, deserved a great edu-cation. And today, the Every Student Succeeds Act maintains that spirit. If it had some of the prohibition that my colleague on the other side of the aisle believes it has, but won’t be able to cite specific statute that it has, Democrats wouldn’t have supported that bill, and it wouldn’t have passed with nearly every Democrat—if not every Democratic vote—in the House and the Senate. For months, States have been work-ing diligently to write their own State plans to comply with the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act. My home State of Colorado has undertaken an extensive process. I got to attend one of the stakeholder meetings as part of that process, gathering feedback from edu-cators, and parents, and students to write a State plan that works for Colo-rado and meets the requirements of the new law and the rules that this CRA would undo. This resolution would undo all of that State-level work, all of the work that people in Colorado have done, that people in other States have done; cre-ate massive chaos and uncertainty in public education; and destroy the civil rights safeguards that Republicans and Democrats worked so diligently to put in place in the Every Student Succeeds Act. Not only would this CRA overturn the regulations, but it would prevent the Department of Education from looking at accountability again. It would tie the hands of the newly con-firmed Secretary of Education, pre-venting her from improving or building upon the accountability measures that Congress, through the language of ESSA, asked the Department to take on. This regulation was written after the Department of Education received thousands of comments from stake-holders, including parents, teachers, school boards, and advocates. Without a rule, the approval of the State ac-countability plans would be entirely at the discretion of the new Secretary, Secretary DeVos—the exact type of scenario the Republicans wanted to avoid by rewriting ESSA, essentially arguing—and many Democrats agreed with the argument—that effectively it was arbitrary use of power that then- Secretary Duncan wielded, and then- Secretary King, to grant the necessary waivers under the No Child Left Behind Act by removing these rules that had been promulgated. Effectively, we would be back to where we started without criteria for approval or denial of State plans; with-out adequate safeguards for civil rights; and without the assurance that we can improve and build upon progress. How can we trust any Secretary— Duncan, King, DeVos, future Secre-taries—to know what a good account-ability plan and bad accountability plan look like? Why should our legisla-tive body delegate that level of author-ity without rules and regulations that we derive and allow them to make an arbitrary and capricious decision-making process that could involve ap-proving bad accountability plans, or failing to approve strong account-ability plans? That should be a huge concern for parents, teachers, students, and the public system. You know what? Republicans were right, as were Democrats, when we ar-gued that we needed criteria for the ap-proval of accountability plans. And the answer is not to give blanket authority to any Secretary with regard to ap-proval or denial of their plans, and that is what these rules do. And if they need to be improved and built upon, let’s work with the new Secretary to do that. But by not only undoing those rules, but by actually prohibiting the Sec-retary from promulgating additional rules, it will give the Department of Education effective arbitrary veto over every State in our country and an un-precedented level of federalized control of our schools, which might be the real Republican agenda with this bill here today. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I would only comment that the comments made to the rule in this regard—the ones I have seen—were almost all bad. They were negative against this rule, except for maybe a few groups. I would like to yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) who is chairwoman of the full committee. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague Mr. R
OKITA for yielding time and for handling this on the floor today. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.J. Res. 57. For years, the Federal Government operated under the flawed idea that Washington knows best when it comes to education. Policies put in place in recent decades vastly ex-panded the Federal footprint in the K– 12 schools and prevented State and local education leaders from delivering the high-quality education all children deserve. Something needed to change. Yet, under the Obama administration, the problem only got worse. For years, the last administration used regulations, waivers, and pet projects to unilater-ally exert its control over education. Its heavy-handed, one-size-fits-all poli-cies only increased the Federal role in America’s classrooms, moving K–12 education in the wrong direction. That is why Republicans and Democrats came together to pass the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act. Enacted just over a year ago, the law was built on three important prin-ciples: empowering parents, reducing the Federal role, and restoring local control. It sent a clear message that the American people were done with the top-down approach to education. Unfortunately, the previous adminis-tration didn’t get the message. The De-partment of Education continued using rules and regulations to push its failed education agenda—the same agenda Congress rejected with overwhelming bipartisan support. We are here today to put a stop to two of those rules. The resolution under consideration, H.J. Res. 57, will roll back a regulation implementing accountability provi-sions in the Every Student Succeeds Act. The law empowers States to de-velop ways to hold schools accountable to the students and parents they serve, and ensure taxpayer dollars are being spent responsibly. The Department’s accountability rule, however, does the exact opposite. Not only does it impose prescriptive accountability require-ments on State education leaders, but it also violates specific prohibitions the law places on the Secretary of Edu-cation’s authority. We also considered, a few moments ago, H.J. Res. 58, which will block im-plementation of a regulation that sig-nificantly expands the Federal Govern-ment’s involvement in teacher prepara-tion. Yet, another example of Obama over-reach, the teacher preparation rule es-sentially creates a Federal system for evaluating teacher performance. It would be virtually impossible to imple-ment and could lead to fewer teachers serving low-income students. Together, these two resolutions of disapproval will move us towards lim-iting the Federal role in education and protect the local control promised with recent education reforms. I want to thank Representatives ROKITA and G UTHRIE for their work to fight against the flawed policies of the past and for leading the way in deliv-ering a more positive, more limited, and more responsible Federal role in education. I urge my colleagues to support both resolutions. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gen-tleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), the ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:51 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.062 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1049 February 7, 2017 
rise in strong opposition of H.J. Res. 57. This resolution takes aim at the heart of the Every Student Succeeds Act, or ESSA. That bill passed with over-whelming bipartisan support. This res-olution would strike down regulations that provide necessary clarity to States about what it means to ensure that all students are taught to high standards, and what it means to pro-vide accurate data on student academic performance and resource equity. States now lack direction needed to proceed with implementation of the bill. Just last week, the Department removed all ESSA technical assistance to the States from the public domain, despite numerous and repeated re-quests for technical assistance from State and local leaders. Mr. Speaker, when Congress came to-gether to pass ESSA, we made a prom-ise, the promise of stability and con-sistency and a full replacement of No Child Left Behind. And while we prom-ised new flexibilities, those flexibilities came with guardrails to guide the deci-sionmaking, to ensure protections for vulnerable students, and to support educators and school leaders. This res-olution breaks that bipartisan promise. Contrary to the wishes of some, ESSA was not a blank check to States from the Federal Government. ESSA is a fundamental approach with much power restored to the State and local level, but it comes with Federal protec-tions for vulnerable students. So we must not waver in our commitment to give States the support and guidance they need to move forward. Mr. Speaker, some claim the regula-tions are unnecessary because States can just read the law and implement it. But we all know, based on precedence and common sense, that the new land-scape of ESSA would necessitate regu-latory clarity from the executive branch, just as all Federal agencies routinely update existing regulations as new legislation is passed. Providing stakeholders with direc-tion and clarity about how to carry out the Federal laws as big as the Elemen-tary and Secondary Education Act is not new. No Child Left Behind led the Bush administration to undergo simi-lar rulemaking, and it was more than 2 years before the regulations were fully realized. It also enabled States, in their efforts, to move forward with timely submission of their ESSA plans. If this resolution of disapproval is en-acted, States will have no ability to prepare State plans that require Fed-eral approval until after the Depart-ment reestablishes requirements and criteria, causing an unwelcome and un-necessary delay for States eager to move forward, leaving ESSA unregu-lated before States to just wait until the new regulations are passed, and also undo months of work that is cur-rently underway. In effect, the lack of clarity on how to effectively utilize the new flexibili-ties, while meeting statutory require-ments, may lead many States to revert to—they have to revert to something— maybe the No Child Left Behind nar-row policies and systems, the very poli-cies that the ESSA eliminated. Mr. Speaker, where the law’s require-ments are ambiguous, agency interpre-tation is necessary to set a Federal floor. Without that floor, compliance with the Federal law becomes subjec-tive, with different standards being ap-plied from State to State. This kind of subjectivity was the same problem we had with No Child Left Behind when States relied on guidance without regu-lation. Under that scheme, the Department could not be held accountable for treat-ing one State different from another, and that is what we are correcting through the enactment and regulation of ESSA’s core requirements. Those re-quirements must be applied fairly across all States. That is the whole point of a Federal law. The Department conducted hundreds of meetings, held public forums and lis-tening sessions, and read and responded to thousands of comments to produce a consensus-driven rule. The Department made significant revisions before final-ization, and they were met with praise from teachers, State education chiefs, local administrators, parents, and civil rights communities. Regardless of whether you think the rule is perfect or flawed, the substance of the rule is a reasonable interpreta-tion that provides clarity for States to enable their compliance with statutory requirements. Now, President Trump has administrative tools at his disposal to revise or completely rewrite this regulation. However, it is clear, based on history of implementation of the El-ementary and Secondary Education Act that regulatory clarity is nec-essary. Using the CRA to block the rule is unnecessary and shortsighted. It hurts students and schools. It undermines a bipartisan intent of Congress and leaves States in a lurch by causing con-fusion and delays for the submission of their State plans. It also undermines equity protections for vulnerable stu-dents that the law was intended to serve. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. POLIS. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. This resolu-tion threatens the success of the law we fought so hard to pass, so I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I finally realized what is happening here. What the other side considers ambiguous is really flexibility. I think that is the difference here. But, let’s be clear. What we intended through ESSA was flexibility for the States. Nowhere in the law are we ambiguous about what we intended. I would like to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ER-
GUSON ), who, in the month that he has been here, has already injected a lot of energy to the committee and is doing a great job for his constituents. b1600 Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.J. Res. 57. Voting in support of this resolution ensures that the Federal Government will stay out of our children’s classrooms and give the power back to the local au-thorities to make good, solid education decisions. Throughout my congressional cam-paign, the people of the Third District of Georgia of all backgrounds and in-come continued to express their frus-tration that the Federal Government continued to get involved in policies that should be the domain of local and State governments. I have spoken with education leaders in the Third District of Georgia, in places like Troup County and Fayette County, and they were very pleased with the bipartisan effort of the Every Student Succeeds Act passed last Con-gress. They told me that they felt hopeful with the new flexibility writ-ten into the law granting the power to the States and the local leaders to de-cide what accountability measures work best for their students. However, as time went on, they expressed great concern as the Department of Edu-cation began writing this new account-ability regulation. The accountability measures that will work for my home State of Geor-gia and my home district won’t always work best for students elsewhere. Try-ing to educate students in the Third District of Georgia the exact same way you do students in Detroit, Michigan, or Spokane, Washington, or Prescott, Arizona, just simply will not work. Every child deserves access to qual-ity education, but imposing a nation-wide standard will only hamper this goal with burdensome regulations, and we have seen that failed policy under the No Child Left Behind Act. This res-olution pulls back the Federal over-reach, ensuring that the decisions will remain at the local level, and that is why I support H.J. Res. 57 today. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Or-egon (Ms. BONAMICI ). Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 57. This resolution is an extreme meas-ure that will disrupt and delay the im-plementation of the bipartisan Every Student Succeeds Act, an important law that replaces the failed policies of No Child Left Behind by carefully bal-ancing the need for more local control in education with strong Federal civil rights protections for students. Today, sadly, the promise of the Every Student Succeeds Act is in jeop-ardy. This resolution appears to be part of a larger effort to dismantle the oversight and enforcement responsibil-ities of the Department of Education which would harm all students. If my Republican friends are serious about successfully implementing the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.063 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1050 February 7, 2017 
law we all worked so hard to pass, they would not be demolishing a key set of regulations, and certainly not while States are currently finalizing their plans to implement the new account-ability systems and public reporting requirements outlined in the regula-tions. These regulations give States consid-erable flexibility and guidance. For ex-ample, they provide additional time to identify schools for comprehensive and targeted support. They ensure that parents are notified if their school is identified for additional support and explain how parents can get involved in their school’s improvement efforts, and they give States flexibility to use mul-tiple indicators in evaluating schools. These regulations are reasonable clari-fications that reinforce the intent of the law. Of course, my colleagues might dis-agree with some elements of the regu-lations, but this is the wrong way to change them. If my colleagues were se-rious about changing the regulations, then they would involve stakeholders and have a collaborative and trans-parent process to amend the rules through the public notice and comment process. Unfortunately, without critical rules for implementing the Every Student Succeeds Act and the ability to write similar rules in the future, I expect we will see two things happen, both of which are detrimental: Some States will take an anything- goes approach, which could hurt our 15 million public school students and, his-torically, is particularly damaging to African-American students, Hispanic students, Native American students, students with disabilities, and English- language learners. Remember the original Elementary and Secondary Education Act was about equity. Other States, without clear rules for compliance, will simply continue exist-ing policies—many of which are a leg-acy of the No Child Left Behind era— and miss out on the important flexi-bility and positive changes in the new law. Using the Congressional Review Act to dismantle important regulations for the Every Student Succeeds Act will create a great deal of uncertainty and threaten the implementation of the law. Certainty is what our school dis-tricts need, and it risks critical equity protections for disadvantaged students. The resolution before us is an ex-treme measure. It is entirely avoid-able. The administration can revise these regulations, but instead, the sup-porters of this resolution are choosing to gut this important law by making implementation essentially unfeasible and uncertain. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my col-leagues to stand with our students across this country and vote ‘‘no’’ on this resolution, and then let’s work to-gether to amend the regulations. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I agree with the gentlewoman: ESSA was a landmark bipartisan achievement. Un-fortunately, the Obama administra-tion’s partisan implementation of it is what brings us here today. Instead of choosing to take every opportunity to work with us, the Obama administra-tion is choosing to do through the reg-ulatory process what it couldn’t achieve legislatively. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. C
OSTELLO ), who is doing a great job for his State. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, last Congress, Members on both sides of the aisle came together to restore education decisionmaking au-thority to where it should be—at the State and local level—devolving it from overreach by the Federal Govern-ment through the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act. It was a bipartisan accom-plishment that I speak very proudly of in my congressional district, as I know many Members do in their congres-sional districts. However, certain regulations were issued by the Department of Education last year that threaten regulatory overreach, including problematic pro-visions requiring States to issue uni-form standards to determine a teach-er’s level of effectiveness or ineffective-ness. Put quite simply, the rule, as it was issued late in November, is not consistent with the law that we passed that we were all so proud of. In fact, it is necessary to use the CRA to override this rule in order to maintain the in-tegrity of the ESSA, which we are all very proud of passing, to restore local control, and that goes from student testing to curriculum, to teacher eval-uation. What we have here, as written, are regulations which threaten an overemphasis on students’ standardized testing scores when evaluating the quality of a teacher. H.J. Res. 57 would override regula-tions because they are not consistent with the law that we just passed. H.J. Res. 57 would preserve the bipartisan accomplishments achieved in the ESSA by allowing States to continue tai-loring the ESSA to meet local needs without overreach and without man-dates from the Federal Government. Put simply, what we are seeking to do here is to prevent the Federal Govern-ment from once again nudging its nose into local and State control over teach-er evaluations, which was one of the main objectives of the ESSA in the first instance. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Con-gressman R
OKITA for his leadership. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ), who is a new member of the Education and the Workforce Committee and is doing an excellent job so far. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 57. Not only is the rollback of these substantive measures incred-ibly detrimental, but the process by which my Republican colleagues are fa-cilitating their actions is, quite sim-ply, wrong. This regulation is a prod-uct of months of work to come to a consensus on what is best for all of our students. Mr. Speaker, the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act received strong bipartisan support, and it received bicameral sup-port when it passed when 359 Members of the House and 85 Senators voted in favor of this legislation. In fact, Sen-ator LAMAR ALEXANDER , who serves as chairman of the Senate Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions Com-mittee, said back then that this bill was truly a Christmas miracle for American children. However, just weeks into this administration, Repub-licans, for purely political reasons and for political purposes, are actively working to strip States and districts of the stability and clarity they need to implement this law. Approximately 50 million children attend public schools in the United States. About 1.1 million of those stu-dents are in New York City Public Schools. I think everyone agrees that we should be doing all we can do to help and prepare our students, but this resolution does the exact opposite. This regulation provides important guidance to ensure the students are college and career ready. It helps schools identify subgroups of students in need of additional academic support and help. Dismantling this regulation will dis-rupt ways in which information used to measure school performance and re-source equity is reported, ultimately resulting in our parents, teachers, and policymakers not being equipped with the necessary data to make important decisions. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OL-
LINS of New York). The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Further, rolling back this regulation directly targets inner-city public schools and shows, at best, indifference to our Nation’s most vulnerable students. It will leave stu-dents—specifically, low-income minor-ity students and English-language learners—without the protections and support intended by Congress. I, of all people, understand this im-portant measure to look out for stu-dents with special English-language needs, coming from a low-income im-migrant family, and I implore my Re-publican colleagues to reconsider this troublesome action. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Delaware (Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER ), who is a new member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 57 today for two reasons. I believe that the majority’s repeated use of the Congressional Review Act this week 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.065 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1051 February 7, 2017 
and last week is unnecessary, con-straining, and, in this case, adds cost. The Congressional Review Act has only been used successfully in 2000 one time, and already this month the House is considering its eighth joint resolution of disapproval. I believe in our role of oversight of the executive branch, but using the blunt tool of the CRA to block regu-latory action in an effort to support and improve public education is an abuse of the CRA. The newly confirmed Secretary of Education can already amend targeted rules like the one this resolution is addressing without fully repealing the guidance and preventing similar rules in the future. The Every Student Succeeds Act was a major bipartisan accomplishment, and I am particularly concerned about the uncertainty for the States and local stakeholders caused by repealing these accountability standards in the underlying rule. In Delaware, just as in States across the country, local stakeholder groups and State departments of education have been working together to provide thorough feedback and guidance on these accountability rules that the ma-jority wants to repeal. I have heard from my State board of education that repealing these regula-tions would cause States to delay the development of their plans, potentially costing them both time and money to gather feedback on a significantly dif-ferent set of guidelines for the plan, and, most importantly, further delay-ing the implementation of changes to the education system that our students need and deserve. Mr. Speaker, my question to my col-leagues would be: Why get rid of the whole rule when it comes from a bill that ultimately happened in such a bi-partisan way? Why prevent account-ability and guidance for States? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. I will op-pose H.J. Res. 57, Mr. Speaker, and I urge my colleagues to oppose H.J. Res. 57. b1615 Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. The effect of this action will not halt State implementation efforts. Let me say that again. The effect of this ac-tion will not halt State implementa-tion efforts. Our intent is to require clarity and consistency so implementation can, in fact, continue. States are continuing to develop State plans that comply with the law, as you have already seen being done across the country. The States and school districts are in the driver’s seat here, Mr. Speaker, and they should continue moving forward. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia, (Ms. J UDYCHU), the chair of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposi-tion to H.J. Res. 57. This reckless measure rolls back the progress made by the Every Student Succeeds Act, or ESSA, by making it easier for schools to ignore vulnerable or underachieving students. Before ESSA, American schools oper-ated under the one-size-fits-all model of No Child Left Behind. What we got was a lopsided understanding of our education system—one that focused on meeting unforgiving benchmarks and turned a blind eye to students who needed more support. Then, after years of careful, bipar-tisan work, we finally succeeded in passing ESSA last Congress. Thanks to the work of the Congressional Tri-Cau-cus, this bill made needed changes to ensure that vulnerable students, in-cluding English language learners and students of color, didn’t slip through the cracks. In fact, the accountability provisions within ESSA were specifi-cally designed to protect the rights of every student and ensure that strug-gling schools have the resources and support they need to succeed. Now, by rescinding the rule which implements the core of this law, Re-publicans are undoing all of that work in the name of relentless deregulation. Worse, they are, once again, using the little-known Congressional Review Act, which means no future adminis-tration can issue a rule like this ever again. Most Americans are unfamiliar with the Congressional Review Act because, before this Congress, it has only been used once before. Now Republicans are using it almost daily to weaken our government and support fewer people. With today’s vote, Republicans are taking an ax to equity provisions of ESSA and prioritizing politics over students. Rather than pass this ex-treme measure, we should focus on a way to enforce ESSA and ensure that every student, no matter their race, in-come level, or language ability, has ac-cess to a quality education. I urge my colleagues to prioritize our Nation’s students and vote ‘‘no’’ on H.J. Res. 57. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute to say to the gentle-woman that I agree that we have to be careful to make sure underserved chil-dren are not vulnerable, which is what we did in the underlying law in a bipar-tisan manner when we passed it and when the President signed the law. I reject the premise that State and local leaders, however, cannot be trust-ed to deliver an excellent education to all of their students. More impor-tantly, that premise was rejected by Congresses in ESSA itself. Beyond that, the criticism just levied is simply not true. The Department of Education has the right and, indeed, the obligation to enforce the law. That has never been in dispute. There are clear requirements in this statute for States to develop ways to hold their schools accountable and to report information about school per-formance to parents and their commu-nities. That duty continues. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, we have heard a lot about the legal implications and the chaos that this resolution would create if it were passed. I want to share with you a brief story from a parent who has two sons with special needs and who depends on strong accountability for her son’s success. What parents across this country who have kids in public schools want to see is a system that works for them. They are not so caught up in which rule is being passed by who and who is doing what. They want to make sure the learning needs of their child are met. Frankly, a strong accountability sys-tem and a reliable accountability sys-tem with parameters that are clear rather than a chaotic and unpredict-able one goes a long way to reassuring parents across this country that the needs of their child are being met. Here is a brief story from a parent with two sons with special needs: 
My son Jacob is a freshman in high school. Today, he’s a straight A student well on his way to a great future. But it wasn’t always that way. He spent his early elementary school years lacking the supports he needed to be successful in the classroom. At the beginning of fourth grade, he was in a self-contained classroom, which supported his behavioral needs, but not his academic needs. We were given the choice to ‘‘opt out’’ of grade-level testing, but refused. It was the results of those tests that gave us the data we needed to see where he needed support and to see where he could excel academi-cally. We all saw he was working at or above grade-level in many areas. It kept us ac-countable to planning his successful future. By the end of fourth grade, he was par-tially included in a general education class-room. By middle school, he was fully in-cluded in the general education classroom with minimal supports in place. Without ac-countability standards in place for students like Jacob, none of us—his parents, his teachers, and even Jacob himself—would have been able to track his upward trajec-tory. 
I hear stories like this from so many of my constituents, Mr. Speaker: kids with learning disabilities, kids who at-tend schools that have pervasive achievement gaps between higher- and lower-income students and students of color and White students. Frankly, the accountability system that we have had and the improve-ments that we built into it through the Every Student Succeeds Act and this rulemaking process are the prime civil rights safeguards that families across the country have so that they can, with confidence, know that the public schools are required to meet the learn-ing needs of their child and that some-body is watching that, who will watch the watchers, and that their only re-course isn’t just expensive litigation, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:54 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.067 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1052 February 7, 2017 
which the repeal of this rule would lead to more of, but, frankly, is where the money is coming from and making sure that there is a degree of controls in place that the learning of the child is being met. Stories like Jacob’s are the reason why so many organizations have voiced their opposition to H.J. Res. 57. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  a list of organizations that have an-nounced opposition. 
The following organizations have all voiced their opposition to House Joint Reso-lution 57: Congressional Asian Pacific American Cau-cus (CAPAC); Congressional Black Caucus (CBC); Congressional Hispanic Caucus (CHC); Alliance for Excellent Education; Associa-tion of University Centers on Disabilities; Center for American Progress; Children’s De-fense Fund; Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities; Council of Parent Attorneys and Advocates; Democrats for Education Reform; Disability Rights Education & Defense Fund. Easterseals; The Education Trust; Judge David L. Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law; League of United Latin American Citi-zens; Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund (MALDEF); NAACP; NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc.; National Association of Councils on Develop-mental Disabilities; National Center for Learning Disabilities; National Council of La Raza; National Disability Rights Network; National Down Syndrome Congress; National Indian Education Association. National Urban League; National Women’s Law Center; New Leaders; PolicyLink; Southeast Asia Resource Action Center (SEARAC); Stand for Children; Teach For America; Teach Plus; The New Teacher Project (TNTP); The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights; U.S. Chamber of Commerce; United Negro College Fund (UNCF). 
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE OF THE  U
NITED STATES OF AMERICA , February 6, 2017. T
O THE MEMBERS OF THE UNITED STATES  C
ONGRESS : The Chamber opposes H.J. Res. 57, which would block regulations implementing accountability provisions in the bipartisan Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA). The Chamber believes these regulations, although not perfect, have provided states, districts, and schools the guidance necessary to ensure an orderly transition from the prior No Child Left Behind Act to the new, and far more flexible, accountability provi-sions under ESSA. The Chamber is concerned that repealing the regulations could delay implementation of this critical new law. Over the past year, states have been developing implementation plans with input from thousands of stake-holders. Many states are in the final stages of developing these plans and preparing them for submission to the Department of Edu-cation. Repealing will create unnecessary confusion and uncertainty. The Chamber urges you to vote against H.J. Res. 57. Sincerely, J
ACKHOWARD . 
CONGRESSIONAL TRI-CAUCUS CHAIRS OPPOSE  E
FFORTS TOUNDERMINE PUBLIC EDUCATION  [For Immediate Release—Feb. 7, 2017] W
ASHINGTON , DC.—Today, the Chairs of the Congressional Tri-Caucus—composed of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Cau-cus, the Congressional Black Caucus, and the Congressional Hispanic Caucus—released the following joint statement in opposition to H.J. Res. 57, which would undermine the De-partment of Education’s authority to imple-ment and enforce key provisions of the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA): ‘‘H.J. Res. 57, the joint resolution to under-mine implementation of the bipartisan Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA), is an-other step in the Republican attack on pub-lic education and enforcement authority of the Department of Education. First, Presi-dent Trump nominates a champion of privat-ization who is unfamiliar and unwilling to enforce key civil rights protections for stu-dents. Now, Congressional Republicans are ripping apart regulation to guide implemen-tation of the most important equity provi-sions of our nation’s new K–12 law. ‘‘As leaders of the Congressional Asian Pa-cific American, Black, and Hispanic Cau-cuses we fought to couple ESSA’s unprece-dented state and local flexibility over school accountability and improvement with strong federal protections for our most vulnerable students. Without the stability and clarity provided through regulation, plan develop-ment stops, systems halt, and students and teachers lose. While this regulation reflects the consensus of the education and civil rights community, it is within the purview of the new Republican administration to re-examine and amend it as they see fit. How-ever, rather than take this responsible ap-proach to implementing the new law, Repub-licans have chosen to put politics before stu-dents. ‘‘H.J. Res. 57 would leave key provisions of the law completely unregulated indefinitely, leaving state systems that serve our nation’s more than 50 million public school students in limbo and important civil rights obliga-tions unfulfilled. Faithful implementation of ESSA must honor both the bipartisan intent of Congress and the longstanding civil rights legacy of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. This reckless measure flies in the face of both. For these reasons, we firmly oppose H.J. Res. 57.’’ CONSORTIUM FOR CITIZENS  W
ITHDISABILITIES , February 6, 2017. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : The co-chairs of the Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities (CCD) Education Task Force, on behalf of the CCD Education Taskforce, write in oppo-sition of H.J. Res 57 to rescind the account-ability regulations under the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA). The CCD Education Task Force advocates for Federal public policy that ensures the self-determination, independence, empower-ment, integration, and inclusion of children and adults with disabilities in all aspects of society. The CCD Task Force sees these prin-ciples as critical elements in a society that recognizes and respects the dignity and worth of all its members. The CCD Ed Task Force believes that the ESSA accountability regulations are critical for meaningful implementation of ESSA. The regulations clarify the statutory lan-guage in ESSA, build upon ESSA’s flexibility for school improvement and provide a clari-fied role for families, educators and stake-holders to share in the implementation proc-ess. Perhaps, most importantly, the final regulations help assure that States meaning-fully develop accountability plans that will create statewide systems to identify schools and districts which need to target funds to intervene and support students not meeting state-determined standards. We view this as critical to helping shine a needed light on the education gap for groups of students, in-cluding students with disabilities so they can make important gains and achieve the same education outcomes as their peers. The passage of ESSA was a successful bi- partisan effort to improve education for all students built upon the frame of account-ability. To rescind these regulations would not only be a disservice to the spirit of ESSA and diminish the efficacy of the law, but would also serve to undermine the equity of educational opportunity for all students, in-cluding students with disabilities. Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact any of the co-chairs listed below. Sincerely, LINDSAY E. J ONES , National Center for Learning Disabil-ities. L
AURA KALOI, Council of Parent At-torneys and Advo-cates. A
MANDA LOWE, National Disability Rights Network. K
IMMUSHENO , Association of Univer-sity Centers on Dis-ability. C
INDY SMITH, National Assoc. of Councils on Develop-mental Disabilities. 
THELEADERSHIP CONFERENCE  
ONCIVIL AND HUMAN RIGHTS , February 6, 2017. Keep ESSA Implementation Moving For-ward—Oppose H.J. Res. 57. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights and the 29 undersigned organizations, we urge you to oppose H.J. Res. 57 and to support continued implementation of the bi-partisan Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA). In order for the latest reauthoriza-tion of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 to fulfill its purpose as a civil rights law and for implementation to comply with the requirements Congress set forth, federal oversight is critical. The un-derlying accountability and state plan regu-lation will help states, districts, and schools to faithfully implement the law and meet their legal obligations to historically marginalized groups of students including students of color, students with disabilities, and students who are English learners, im-migrants, girls, Native American, LGBTQ or low-income. Congress should reject the effort to overturn these regulations under the Con-gressional Review Act (CRA) and should pre-serve critical protections for marginalized students. Over the course of legislative debate in 2015, Congress reached several compromises which enshrined both meaningful guardrails and state flexibility into the new law. It was these compromises—the allowance of flexi-bility while still maintaining core principles of fiscal responsibility and protections for marginalized students—which led to the pas-sage of the ESSA. At the core is an offer to states—federal funding in exchange for com-pliance with requirements regarding ac-countability, protections for students, and fiscal responsibility. States must not be per-mitted to take federal funds while flouting the law’s mandates. The accountability and state plan regulation provides clarification and timelines which will support the vital role of the U.S. Department of Education in ensuring that states hold up their end of that deal. The process of soliciting public feedback on potential ESSA regulations began long before a draft rule was even published. On December 22, 2015 the Department of Edu-cation issued a request for information and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.068 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1053 February 7, 2017 
noticed two public meetings, ‘‘soliciting ad-vice and recommendations from interested parties prior to publishing proposed regula-tions.’’ Then, when draft rules were issued more than five months later, the agency re-ceived over 21,000 public comments in re-sponse to the notice of proposed rulemaking. After considering the voluminous feedback, the Department of Education issued a final rule on November 29, 2016. This robust and transparent engagement process was appro-priate and needed—questions regarding the responsible use of federal funds and the need to ensure that every student succeeds gen-erate considerable interest. Support for the CRA and discarding this important regula-tion diminishes the important time and thought dedicated to this process, and the voices of parents, students, advocates, edu-cators and others who have sought to be heard. ESSA can and should, ‘‘provide all children significant opportunity to receive a fair, eq-uitable, and high-quality education, and to close educational achievement gaps.’’ These lofty objectives, however, require vigilance and oversight by the Department of Edu-cation and support from Members of Con-gress. We urge you to oppose this resolution and to allow for the continued implementa-tion of the law. Should you have any ques-tions, please reach out to Liz King, Leader-ship Conference Director of Education Pol-icy. Sincerely, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights; Alliance for Excellent Education; Association of University Centers on Disabilities; Children’s De-fense Fund; Council of Parent Attor-neys and Advocates; Democrats for Education Reform; Disability Rights Education & Defense Fund; Easterseals; The Education Trust; Judge David L. Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law. League of United Latin American Citi-zens; MALDEF; NAACP; NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund, Inc.; National Association of Councils on Developmental Disabilities; National Center for Learning Disabilities; Na-tional Council of La Raza; National Disability Rights Network; National Down Syndrome Congress; National In-dian Education Association; National Urban League; National Women’s Law Center; New Leaders; PolicyLink; Southeast Asia Resource Action Center (SEARAC); Stand for Children; Teach For America; Teach Plus; TNTP; UNCF. 
THECOUNCIL OF PARENT ATTORNEYS  
ANDADVOCATES , INC., DEMOCRATS  for E
DUCATION REFORM , THEEDU-
CATION TRUST , THELEADERSHIP  C
ONFERENCE , N ATIONAL CENTER  
FOR LEARNING DISABILITIES , NA-
TIONAL COUNCIL OF LARAZA, U.S. C
HAMBER OF COMMERCE , February 6, 2017. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : Over the past two years, our organizations have worked together—across lines that often divide us on matters of public policy— to secure provisions in the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA) that we all think are vitally important to our nation’s future, and ensure those provisions are implemented well in the states. Our common goals in-clude: State-adopted standards aligned with the demands of postsecondary education and the workforce; Annual statewide assessment of all stu-dents in grades 3–8 and once again in high school, with a strictly limited exception for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities; Transparent, accessible reporting of data— disaggregated by race, income, disability status, and English proficiency—at the state, district, and school levels, so educators, par-ents, and students themselves have objective information on where they are on their jour-ney to college and career readiness; and Statewide accountability systems that in-clude achievement and graduation-rate goals for all groups of students, rate schools in large part on the academic performance of all groups of students, and require action when any group of students consistently underperforms. The overwhelmingly bipartisan legislation reflects these principles. It grants states broad discretion to design their systems while holding them responsible for working within-federal guardrails to design systems that ensure genuine equity and excellence for all students. Since ESSA’s passage, we have collectively been working in states across the country to equip diverse partners to push for and sup-port the development of state systems fo-cused on equity and improvement. One important piece of this process is the adoption of regulations, which provide clar-ity and certainty on both the key principles of the statute and the processes for imple-mentation. The U.S. Department of Education final-ized those regulations in November. But just as states and state advocates are putting pen to paper on their state plans, you are consid-ering a resolution disapproving of the regula-tions. This action will cause unnecessary confusion, disrupting the work in states and wasting time that we cannot afford to waste. Just as we believe the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act incorporates our principles, we be-lieve the regulations do as well. And they provide states with the clarity they need to move forward. We do not support H.J. Res 57 and we ask you to vote no. Mr. POLIS. The opposing organiza-tions include Alliance for Excellent Education; Association of University Centers on Disabilities; Children’s De-fense Fund; Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities; Council of Parent At-torneys and Advocates; Democrats for Education Reform; Easterseals; The Education Trust, League of United Latin American Citizens; Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund; NAACP; National Center for Learning Disabilities; National Council of La Raza; National Down Syndrome Congress; National Urban League; Na-tional Women’s Law Center; Southeast Asia Resource Action Center; Stand for Children; Teach For America; United Negro College Fund. And even, Mr. Speaker, the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce has weighed in on this bill to op-pose these efforts to strip away the ac-countability system from our public education. I also want to point out that I was opposed to the earlier resolution on the floor today, which would unravel the Department of Education’s regulation on teacher preparation. The intent of the teacher preparation program, as was argued here, was to provide more transparency and ac-countability around the quality of teacher preparation programs. This Republican quest to abolish ac-countability for our public schools is exactly the opposite of what I hear from parents and families in my dis-trict who want to make sure that we have more transparency and more ac-countability, not less. While I think we all can agree that a great education starts with a great teacher, we ought to be able to make sure that teacher preparation programs are charged with adequately preparing teachers and that we have some objec-tive criteria for checking whether teacher preparation programs are doing a good job or doing a poor job. The regulation also requires that TEACH Grant recipients attend high- performing teacher preparation pro-grams. It is not a matter of picking winners or losers. It is simply a solu-tion towards making sure our limited taxpayer dollars for professional devel-opment and teacher training are used effectively. If money is going to be in-vested in teachers at high-needs schools, we want to make sure that teachers are attending high-quality programs. Now we have had a robust debate about the implications of account-ability and the real impact it has for States, districts, and students; but I want people to focus on the story of parents and families in their district who benefited from the accountability system that previously existed and is improved upon through the Every Stu-dent Succeeds Act. It walks away from accountability— that is what this CRA does. If this CRA passes, it doesn’t just get rid of a par-ticular set of rules around account-ability. Everybody might have things they want to change. There is a process for changing those and a new Secretary in place who can certainly begin that process. No, it wouldn’t do that. It would abolish the entire rules and effectively prevent the Secretary from promulgating new rules around ac-countability, leaving it completely un-known to the States and the school dis-tricts what criteria the Federal Gov-ernment was looking for in improving State-based accountability programs. Parents like Jacob’s wouldn’t know if the Federal Government would be there to make sure that school dis-tricts had a plan to meet the learning needs of every child. The reason it is opposed so vocifer-ously by civil rights organizations is none of us would know whether the State accountability plan had a plan to close the achievement gap to make sure that schools can cater to the needs of all kids, regardless of their race or income. That is what is lacking by passage of this CRA. It would effectively handcuff the Secretary of Education, prevent her from implementing the over-whelming will of this body, Democratic and Republican, to maintain the civil 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.024 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1054 February 7, 2017 
rights and accountability safeguards of No Child Left Behind; by moving away from the one-size-fits-all account-ability formula towards increased State flexibility, so long as the basic goal of meeting the learning needs of all students were met by State level plans. That is at the heart of why we need accountability in the Every Student Succeeds Act. This is why we need guidance from the Department of Edu-cation through rules and regulations. The resolution before us today would completely undermine the civil rights provisions of the Every Student Suc-ceeds Act and would prevent the De-partment of Education from even con-sidering new rules and regulations to protect the civil rights of Americans across our country. Those with learning disabilities and those without, parents across the coun-try have banded together to oppose this Congressional Review Act. I urge my colleagues to reject this attempt to undermine our public schools and undermine accountability. I oppose this resolution, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. The gentleman talks about account-ability. I want to reassure all the Mem-bers here that will be voting on this joint resolution that we are not throw-ing accountability out the window. What we decided last year when we passed the Every Student Succeeds Act is that accountability was a good thing. But the best leaders and the best persons to determine what that ac-countability should be and what that accountability should look like are found in our States and are found in our local jurisdictions. They know our best assets the best—our best assets being our children. They know what they need. So we are not throwing account-ability out the window. We are saying accountability is to be measured at the State level by the States, by the local jurisdictions, and they are to simply report to the Department of Education what their accountability plan is in a transparent way so that, again, par-ents, teachers, and taxpayers can de-cide if that State is doing a good job, so that people like the NAACP—if they are and should be, as we all should be, worried about achievement gaps—could affect how to close those achievement gaps in those respective States and, by the way, perhaps come up with a more effective way, a better plan, a more ag-gressive plan to close that achievement gap rather than the one-size-fits-all bu-reaucracy that is the Federal Depart-ment of Education. That is the whole point. Secondly, regarding civil rights. Nothing in this resolution that takes back this draconian rulemaking from the Department of Education affects civil rights. We are very clear in the Every Student Succeeds Act that the civil rights protections remain. We agreed with that in a bipartisan way, and all of that remains. Don’t let the gentleman from Colorado scare you into thinking anything different. There was a lot of talk about uncer-tainty from previous speakers—uncer-tainty for States—and that blocking implementation of these regulations will create that uncertainty. Let me address that for just a couple of min-utes. We, Congress, cannot allow Federal agencies to ignore the clear prohibi-tions against executive overreach. These regulations clearly attempt to reassert Federal control that was re-turned to the States by Congress under ESSA. b1630 Repealing these regulations is the only way to give States and school dis-tricts the certainty that they need with sufficient time to move the imple-mentation process forward. The law itself provides enough guidance. We were very specific how we wrote this law. We were very specific in the re-quirements needed. That removes the need to have the kind of rulemaking that the Department of Education, ei-ther through habit or through direct intent, is trying to do here. We don’t need to do it here. The law itself lays out clear criteria for the State plans. It states explicitly that the onus is on the Department of Education to demonstrate how a plan does not comply with the law that we wrote and that the President signed into law. It does not require, and the States are not required, to go jump through the hoops that the Department is trying to have them jump through now through this rulemaking. The law also requires the Depart-ment to review the State plans with deference to State and local judg-ments. The Department is trying to take that judgment away from the States and put it under its own um-brella. Under the law, as long as States can demonstrate that their plans comply with the statute, they will be approved. We wrote that into the law. Because of this, States can have the certainty that the work they began can continue. The Department, with this rule, is try-ing to unravel all that. The resolution stops the Department from doing that. I know Congressman C
OSTELLO men-tioned teacher performance. Others have talked about student assessment participation rates. Let me give you a few examples for the record, Mr. Speaker. ESSA allowed States to de-termine how to hold schools account-able for assessing students. The final rule limits States to only four options for assessing students and requires schools to implement a plan to address low test participation—not required in the law, not part of what we are doing here. The Department, by doing that, is making up law. Regarding teacher performance and some things that Mr. COSTELLO ref-erenced, ESSA explicitly prohibited the Secretary from mandating the cre-ation of teacher evaluation systems. As the Federal Government, we are get-ting out of the business of teacher eval-uation systems. It didn’t mean the States couldn’t do it. It didn’t mean that most States wouldn’t do it. How-ever, the final rule requires States to establish a statewide definition for what an ineffective teacher means that differentiates between categories of teachers. Now, if you look at this in effect, in practical terms, it would be almost im-possible for States to fulfill this re-quirement without implementing a teacher and school leader evaluation, something the law specifically didn’t require, specifically prohibited. Yet, here we are with the Department’s rule basically making States do it. Not what was intended. Not what we wrote. Not what we voted on on the floor of this House, and not what was signed into law by the President of the United States at the time. So these are the kinds of things that we are fighting against here, Mr. Speaker. These are the kinds of things that H.J. Res. 57, and H.J. Res. 58 for that matter, would stop the Depart-ment from doing. H.J. Res. 57 protects the positive reforms Congress made with Every Student Succeeds Act and ensures that those reforms are imple-mented as Congress intended. In doing so, the resolution preserves State and local control over K–12 education and provides States and school districts the certainty they need to proceed with the plans that they are already in the process of writing. That is why a number of groups—in-cluding the National Governors Asso-ciation; AASA, the School Super-intendents Association; and the Coun-cil of the Great City Schools—have spoken out in support of the resolu-tion. It is also why the National School Boards Association supports this reso-lution, and it is why H.J. Res. 57 is sup-ported by Citizens Against Government Waste. I am confident that Congress will continue working in a bipartisan man-ner to empower our State and local communities to take the lead in ac-countability. There will be account-ability. By putting a stop to the Obama administration’s flawed and over-reaching accountability regulation, however, we can keep the promise we made to reduce the Federal role, re-store local control, and ensure all chil-dren receive the high-quality education that they deserve. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to voice my strong opposition to H.J. Res. 57, which is another Republican pro-posal to erode the oversight and enforcement authority of the Department of Education. In 2015, Congress responded to the voice of the American people by passing the Every 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:12 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.069 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1055 February 7, 2017 
Student Succeeds Act (ESSA) with bipartisan and bicameral support. This sweeping rewrite of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act gave states and local boards of education greater flexibility to implement plans to ensure student achievement, resource equity and greater accountability. I was happy to support the ESSA after seeking the advice of experienced educators and education stakeholders from Rockdale, DeKalb, and Gwinnett Counties, as well as throughout Georgia. H.J. Res 57, on the other hand, flies in the face of Congressional intent by gutting a key ESSA rule developed with, and supported by teachers, civil rights organizations, parents and states. H.J. Res 57 removes civil rights protections and blocks improvements to our nation’s public education system by disman-tling data-reporting requirements that ensure that the needs of underperforming groups in all subgroups are adequately supported. This includes African Americans, Latinos, and stu-dents with disabilities. The Administration and my Republican colleagues are playing political games that will ultimately harm taxpayers, teachers, and our nation’s most disadvantaged students. During my time in Congress, I have worked to ensure that all students have access to a world-class education regardless of their back-ground or zip code. I believe that all children deserve a quality education and that no child should ever fall between the cracks. I will con-tinue fighting against republican attempts to di-vest funding from public education and reduce equal opportunity for all students. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in sup-port of House Joint Resolution 57. I am pleased to join Congressman T
ODD ROKITA as an original cosponsor. As a parent, I know that success looks dif-ferent for each child. I frequently hear from parents, teachers, and school boards in my district that with more local flexibility, they can better meet the needs of local students. This is why the Every Student Succeeds Act re-placed the one-size-fits-all approach to K–12 education, and gave power back to states and school districts. Unfortunately, the previous administration used executive authority to im-pose an inflexible accountability system and take away the local voices; voices that are critical in determining how schools should be held accountable. Local schools, teachers, and parents, not Washington bureaucrats, know best what success looks like. Mr. Speaker, let’s return authority where it belongs—with teachers, schools, and school districts. Success and accountability should be about meeting students’ needs, not Washington’s mandates. I urge my colleagues to support passage of House Joint Resolution 57. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 91, the previous question is ordered on the joint resolution. The question is on engrossment and third reading of the joint resolution. The joint resolution was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, proceedings will resume on questions previously postponed. Votes will be taken in the following order: Passage of H.J. Res. 44; passage of H.J. Res. 57; and passage of H.J. Res. 58. The first electronic vote will be con-ducted as a 15-minute vote. Remaining electronic votes will be conducted as 5- minute votes. 
f 
DISAPPROVING RULE SUBMITTED BY DEPARTMENT OF THE INTE-RIOR RELATING TO BUREAU OF LAND MANAGEMENT REGULA-TIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 44) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior relating to Bureau of Land Management regula-tions that establish the procedures used to prepare, revise, or amend land use plans pursuant to the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 234, nays 186, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 83] YEAS—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.031 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1056 February 7, 2017 
Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Slaughter Smith (NJ) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—12 
Frankel (FL) Johnson (GA) Mulvaney Poe (TX) Price, Tom (GA) Rush Sires Smith (WA) Thompson (MS) Webster (FL) Wilson (FL) Zinke 
b1657 Messrs. GOTTHEIMER, RUPPERS-BERGER, and BROWN of Maryland changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the joint resolution was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 83. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF RULE SUB-MITTED BY DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION RELATING TO AC-COUNTABILITY AND STATE PLANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 57) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to accountability and State plans under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 234, nays 190, not voting 8, as follows: 
[Roll No. 84] YEAS—234 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—190 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meehan Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Slaughter Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—8 
Meeks Mulvaney Poe (TX) Price, Tom (GA) Rush Sires Smith (WA) Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1703 So the joint resolution was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF RULE SUB-MITTED BY DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION RELATING TO TEACHER PREPARATION ISSUES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 58) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to teacher preparation issues, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the joint resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the joint resolution. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 240, nays 181, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 85] YEAS—240 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.028 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1057 February 7, 2017 
Emmer Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Pittenger Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—181 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Slaughter Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—11 
Gutie´rrez Higgins (NY) Johnson, E. B. Mulvaney Poe (TX) Price, Tom (GA) Rush Scott, David Sires Smith (WA) Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore (during the vote). There are 2 minutes remain-ing. b1710 So the joint resolution was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, February 6 and Tuesday, February 7, 2017, I was unable to return to Washington, DC for recorded votes due to inclement weather at home in the Puget Sound region. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 79 (on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 689). ‘‘Yes’’ on rollcall vote No. 80 (on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 337). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 81 (on ordering the previous question on H.Res. 91). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 82 (on agreeing to the resolution H.Res. 91). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 83 (on passage of H.J.Res. 44). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 84 (on passage of H.J.Res. 57). ‘‘No’’ on rollcall vote No. 85 (on passage of H.J.Res. 58). 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 2017 TO THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 2017; AND AD-JOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 2017, TO MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 2017 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that when the House ad-journs today, it adjourn to meet at 2:30 p.m. on Thursday, February 9, 2017, and further when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet on Mon-day, February 13, 2017, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour de-bate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 428, RED RIVER GRADIENT BOUNDARY SURVEY ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 42, DISAPPROVING RULE SUBMITTED BY DEPART-MENT OF LABOR RELATING TO DRUG TESTING OF UNEMPLOY-MENT COMPENSATION APPLI-CANTS Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–10) on the resolution (H. Res. 99) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 428) to survey the gra-dient boundary along the Red River in the States of Oklahoma and Texas, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 42) disapproving the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Labor re-lating to drug testing of unemploy-ment compensation applicants, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
RANKING A CERTAIN MEMBER OF A CERTAIN STANDING COM-MITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REP-RESENTATIVES Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, by di-rection of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 98 Resolved, That the following named Mem-ber be and is hereby ranked as follows on the following standing committee of the House of Representatives: (1) C
OMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET .—Mr. Hig- gins of New York (to rank immediately after Mr. Jeffries). 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. b1715 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OMER ) laid before the House the fol-lowing communication from the Honor-able N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
FEBRUARY 7, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House, U.S. Capitol, Washington, DC. D
EARSPEAKER RYAN: Pursuant to section 4(b) of House Resolution 5, 115th Congress, I am pleased to reappoint The Honorable James P. McGovern of Massachusetts as Co- Chair of the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission. Thank you for your attention to this ap-pointment. Best regards, N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader. f 
CONGRATULATING THE NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS (Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.035 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1058 February 7, 2017 
minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, 2 years ago, right here, I congratulated our New England Patriots on winning their fourth Super Bowl championship. Today I am proud to share the excite-ment of my fellow Mainers to con-gratulate our Patriots on capturing their fifth world championship. Mr. Speaker, on Sunday night, more than 100 million football fans from around the world witnessed the great-est comeback in Super Bowl history. Against an outstanding Atlanta Fal-cons team, our mighty Patriots battled back from 25 points down with only 17 minutes left to play. Now, our Patriots, Mr. Speaker, showed the world what can be achieved if you work together and you never give up. We in Congress, all of us, can learn from that example. Coach Belichick, you have earned your place in history as the greatest coach in NFL history. And co-captain Brady, you, sir, have earned your place as the greatest quarterback of all time. Mr. Speaker, Maine is so proud of all of our New England Patriots, and I humbly congratulate them. I will see everybody on this team at the White House this spring. 
f 
NATIONAL SCHOOL COUNSELING WEEK (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, in rec-ognition of National School Counseling Week and in honor of the many dedi-cated school counselors in Rhode Is-land and across the Nation, every day, school counselors are out on the front lines helping our students navigate their educational and career pathways. They provided advice and support dur-ing the most formative years of stu-dents’ lives, helping them develop the skills to succeed in school, in the work-force, and in life. Unfortunately, in too many schools across the country, students do not have access to school counselors and counselors do not have the resources they need to do their jobs. Mr. Speaker, it is Congress’ responsi-bility to provide schools and counselors with the funding that they need to properly educate and guide our Na-tion’s youth. In recognition of National School Counseling Week, I ask my colleagues to join me in renewing our promise to fulfill that responsibility. Our stu-dents, Mr. Speaker, are depending on us. 
f 
SERVING THE NEEDS OF VETERANS WITH SNAP (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak on behalf of the veterans that have made incredible sacrifices for our country. Our Nation must ensure that they have access to resources that they need to be successful in civilian life. This cer-tainly includes access to nutritious food. Out of the 22 million veterans in the United States, about 1.7 million are in households that currently participate in the Supplemental Nutrition Assist-ance Program, or SNAP. Approxi-mately 46 percent of our veterans are senior citizens, including those who served in World War II, Korea, or Viet-nam. Veterans of all ages may also have widely varying levels of disabilities or limitations. Veteran advocacy groups are focused on obtaining a veteran’s earned benefits. Often veterans are not connected to SNAP right away and they should be. As the Agriculture Committee pre-pares to reauthorize SNAP, we must remain vigilant in our dedication to serve those who have given so much in defense of our Nation. SNAP cannot solve all of the challenges a veteran faces, but it can be a vital component of serving eligible veterans once they return home. f 
REDUCTION IN STUDENT LOANS FOR STEM MAJORS (Mr. SOTO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, here in America, we are changing the world with our ingenuity and technological advances. It is our creative and innovative spir-it that allows us to continue to be a leader in the world economy and raise the quality of life of the human race. We know that jobs of the present and the future will require many new stu-dents and retrained workers to pursue STEM degrees—those in science, tech-nology, engineering, and math. While many politicians have talked a good game about encouraging students to pursue these degrees, it is time to put our money where our mouth is. Today I introduced the ASPIRE Act, H.R. 926, the American Science Prin-cipal and Interest Reduction and Em-ployment Act. This act would grant a 25 percent reduction in student loans for any student who graduates with a STEM major. According to the Federal Bureau of Labor Statistics, one million new STEM jobs are projected to come on-line between 2012 to 2022, for a total of 9 million, 13 percent growth over the decade. This means we must act now to meet these needs, and I encourage all of you to cosponsor this important leg-islation. It is time to create real incentives to encourage our students to aspire to new heights and create the jobs of to-morrow today. EDUCATION REFORM (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, back in 2015, Congress passed one of the most significant education reform legisla-tion in decades. Even more impressive than repealing No Child Left Behind, scaling back the role of the Secretary of Education and restoring authority back to the States and local school dis-tricts was the fact that this legislation was bipartisan, bicameral, and signed into law by President Obama. But even so, this couldn’t exempt our States and schools from the watchful eyes of Washington. President Obama’s Department of Education unsurprisingly went over the line by expanding his authority, a role that Congress clearly did not allow for in the law. That is why today I am delighted to see the House pass H.J. Res. 57 because we have to make the Department of Education follow the law as it was in-tended by Congress. The Every Student Succeeds Act was written to stop Fed-eral micromanagement of our schools, and Congress is ensuring that that hap-pens. For the last time, Washington bureaucrats do not belong in the class-room. f 
TRUMP SIDES WITH RUSSIA IN COMMENTS ON UKRAINE (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today regarding President Trump’s strange admiration for Russia’s Presi-dent Vladimir Putin. Our President seems to side with Russia over Ukraine and is defaulting to tyranny over lib-erty. Despite ample evidence from our de-fense community and European allies, President Trump still casts doubt on whether Moscow is backing Russian forces who have killed over 10,000 inno-cent Ukrainians and who recently killed at least eight more Ukrainian soldiers and 40 civilians and turned off water and electricity in the invaded re-gion. When Bill O’Reilly asked our Presi-dent if he respected Putin, a known killer, the President replied: ‘‘There are a lot of killers. You think our country’s so innocent?’’ The President equates Mr. Putin’s actions with those of our country. It is not the first time this has happened. Every time President Trump says something Putin likes, it is broadcast on Kremlin-owned propaganda ma-chines like RT. This is a dangerous threat to liberty. President Trump openly admires and appeases Putin, whose tenure is known for human rights abuses, brutal sup-pression of political dissent, and mys-terious deaths of journalists and polit-ical opponents, like Vladimir Kara- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.081 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1059 February 7, 2017 
Murza who wrote a letter critical of Putin to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee regarding the nomination of Secretary Tillerson. Last Thursday, while in Moscow, he fell into a life- threatening coma believed to be caused by an unknown poison. Mr. Speaker, we cannot continue to normalize what President Trump is doing. We cannot afford to take our country back to an era of unchecked Russian aggression. We need freedom. That is what is at stake. I include in the R
ECORD a February 6, 2017, article by Julie Hirschfeld Davis. 
[Feb. 6, 2017] T
RUMP SEEMS TO SIDEWITHRUSSIA IN  C
OMMENTS ON UKRAINE  (By Julie Hirschfeld Davis) W
ASHINGTON .—President Trump cast doubt on whether Moscow is backing separatists engaged in the recent escalation of fighting in eastern Ukraine, appearing to side with President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia, who has long denied involvement in the conflict despite evidence to the contrary. Mr. Trump said he did not take offense at the outbreak of a lethal bout of fighting in Ukraine that came within a day of a phone conversation he had with Mr. Putin, saying of the recent clashes, ‘‘we don’t really know exactly what that is.’’ ‘‘They’re pro-forces,’’ Mr. Trump said of the Ukrainian separatists in an interview that aired on Monday on ‘‘The O’Reilly Fac-tor,’’ on Fox News. ‘‘We don’t know, are they uncontrollable? Are they uncontrolled? That happens also. We’re going to find out; I would be surprised, but we’ll see.’’ Mr. Trump’s comments were the latest in-dication that his desire for warmer relations with Russia may be coloring his view of the conflict in Ukraine, which pits the country’s military—trained and equipped in part by the United States Army—against Russian- backed separatists. Moscow has denied in-volvement in the three-year conflict, despite evidence that it has provided equipment and fighters to support separatist forces in east-ern Ukraine. The president’s push for a friendlier rela-tionship with Mr. Putin has alarmed Ukrain-ian officials, who fear that the pressure former President Barack Obama applied on Russia to withdraw its unacknowledged mili-tary forces from eastern Ukraine will wane. A telephone call Mr. Trump held on Satur-day with President Petro O. Poroshenko of Ukraine raised further questions about his position on the conflict and his administra-tion’s commitment to maintaining sanctions against Russia for the annexation of Crimea. In an official account of the call, Mr. Trump had said he was willing to work with Kiev and Moscow to resolve the conflict. But the statement referred to helping to ‘‘restore peace along the border,’’ while the violence has been playing out inside eastern Ukraine. f 
UF HEALTH SHANDS HOSPITAL PEDIATRIC HEART TRANSPLANT PROGRAM (Mr. YOHO asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the University of Florida’s UF Health Shands Hospital pediatric heart transplant program for being named one of the best in the Nation. According to the Scientific Registry of Transplant Recipients, this unit has had zero pediatric heart transplant deaths in the last 21⁄2years. Since 2006, the UF Health Shands Transplant Center has performed a total of 120 pediatric heart and lung transplants, making it one of the most active pediatric heart transplant pro-grams in the Southeast. In fact, in the last year, U.S. News and World Report named UF Health number one in the State and fourth in the Nation for pedi-atric heart surgeries and cardiology. This recognition speaks volumes about the level of care shown by the physi-cians and their teams at UF Health, and I look forward to watching them continue to be a leader in patient care and innovation in the coming years. I must end with Go Gators. 
f 
PULL THE MUSLIM BAN DOWN (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me again repeat my concern, when the United States is compared to the thuggish behavior of Russian leader-ship, the attempt to poison individuals who are activists and opponents to that kind of oppression. But I want to speak today to what is impacting our neighbors, Mr. Speaker, and that is the executive order that has been issued by the President of the United States. I want to dispel any myth that Members of this body who oppose the executive order are against security for this Nation. I am a years’-long member of the Homeland Security Committee, the Transportation Security Committee, the Border Security Committee, and work hard to write a stiff border secu-rity bill. But, frankly, this is a Muslim ban, and when a 17-year-old, 16-year-old from my community, from Jordan, was stopped and held for 48 hours and shipped to Chicago, that is a Muslim ban. What I say to those who have exe-cuted it is that you have to realize that the order that you tried to copy from President Obama was not the same. It was stringent review; it was not rejec-tion. You are rejecting Muslims and al-lowing others. As a Christian, I know that Chris-tians are not being subjected to the same kind of scrutiny. This is a Mus-lim ban. I ask the White House, as we go to court this evening: Why don’t you reconsider and pull that Muslim ban down? 
f 
b1730 WHAT HAS WASHINGTON DONE TO YOU? The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. G
ARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, well, let’s see, I got a phone call from my district—one of several dozen today— and they all are kind of about the same thing: What is going on in Washington? What are they doing in Washington? What is happening? What is happening with ObamaCare, the Affordable Care Act? What are they going to do about this wall? People are concerned. People want to know what is happening in Washington. I suspect a good many of us are try-ing to figure out what the next steps are. It seems like every other moment something new is erupting from the White House, another tweet or another executive order, and we have had a lot of them. And so what I want to do today is to kind of go back and take a look at what has transpired over these last 21⁄2weeks. What has happened in Washington these last 2
1⁄2weeks? Besides a lot of confusion, angst, and concern, some very, very important things are happening, and here is my take on it. I am going to kind of put a title on today, and I am going to say: What has Washington done to you, not for you. What has Washington done to you? Let’s start with the very first day that President Trump was inaugurated. Well, it was all about the Affordable Care Act, otherwise known as ObamaCare. So he set out to begin the repeal of ObamaCare, or the Affordable Care Act. Oh, by the way, they are one and the same. It depends which way you are looking at this thing, but the repeal of the Affordable Care Act has dire con-sequences on Americans. Some 30 million Americans could be affected, according to the Congres-sional Budget Office, or in my State, we are looking at maybe 5 million peo-ple could lose their health coverage, their insurance, as a result of that. There is $16 billion that immediately flows to the State of California for the expansion of the Medicaid, Medi-Cal program in California. That would be gone. And those people that are on that program would simply not be able to get care. It goes beyond just those who are in the exchanges. The exchange in Cali-fornia is working quite well. Maybe a 1
1⁄2million people in California are cov-ered through the exchange, and they have options in most every part of the State. In my part of the State, there are some shortcomings because services are not readily available, but there are 34 clinics managed by nine organiza-tions that provide medical services in my district. Every one of those clinics rely upon ObamaCare, or the Afford-able Care Act, for the services that they render. If the Affordable Care Act disappears, we repeal ObamaCare, those clinics are out of business. And what does that mean? It means that thousands, literally hundreds of thousands of people in my district would no longer be receiving medical 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.082 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1060 February 7, 2017 
services through the clinics, through the Affordable Care Act’s expansion, or through the Medi-Cal program. This is serious business. There is another piece to this, and I would like to put up some charts on that, but let’s just go back and quickly review the benefits. The benefits are: 5.1 million seniors receive savings on prescription drugs. You know that fa-mous drug doughnut hole; it has al-most disappeared as the result of the ObamaCare Affordable Care Act. 32.5 million seniors receive free an-nual preventions, health checkups, every year. What does that mean? It means their blood pressure is checked out, their potential for diabetes, for other chronic illnesses, and they get the medicine for diabetes. They get better health care, and the cost of Medicare is reduced. Also, it strengthens consumer protec-tions for seniors in Medicare part D, and at least 85 percent of Medicare Ad-vantage Plans’ revenues go back to-wards providing senior services. That is just for seniors. So there are many, many benefits in the Affordable Care Act beyond just those that are getting new insurance policies. It is a big deal for seniors. They are able to get an annual check-up. They are able to get their drugs much cheaper, able to provide them with the necessary pieces of it. One of the very first acts that has been taken up here by Congress is the budget resolution passed by both Houses. It is now in effect, the first budget resolution, and that budget res-olution tells the Budget Committee and the Ways and Means Committee: Repeal the taxes that are associated with the Affordable Care Act. It is a lot of money, somewhere between $700 mil-lion and $1 trillion of tax cuts directly associated with the repeal of the Af-fordable Care Act, ObamaCare. Who gets the benefit of those tax re-ductions? Well, the top 1 percent would receive some 70 percent of the benefit. What does that amount to? Well, it amounts to—did I say 1 percent? The top one-tenth of 1 percent would re-ceive the great majority of the benefit, or $200,000 tax reduction for the super- superwealthy. The rest of them, the top 1 percent, get 57 percent of that $700 billion, and that is over a 10-year period. And everyone else, that would be the other 99 percent, will share in a much smaller portion, the remaining 43 percent. For an average family, it probably amounts to maybe a tax reduction of $160. However, those are the people that are able to get their insurance through the exchanges, and so they are getting a really bad deal because the average exchange, for example, in Cali-fornia, is somewhere over $2,500. So this is the tax repeal. It is a mas-sive tax cut for the super-super-wealthy. It turns out that to pay for the Af-fordable Care Act, a very progressive tax was put in place, and it does pro-vide benefits for those who are unin-sured, the Medicaid population across the Nation, as well as providing the buy-down of the insurance policies that are available through the various ex-changes. Keep in mind, when people talk about repealing the Affordable Care Act taxes, what they are talking about is a massive redistribution of wealth in this Nation and a furtherance of this in-come inequality that has been such a problem in our society and in our econ-omy. So the repeal of the Affordable Care Act does many, many things, most of which would be quite a problem for working men and women, for the sen-iors, for the elderly. I didn’t mention here that a good portion of that Medicaid population goes to provide long-term care in nurs-ing homes for seniors who are not wealthy. I don’t have the exact per-centage, but some people say it is 50, 60 percent of Medicaid benefits across the Nation wind up providing services in the long-term care facilities. Is that important to seniors? Oh, yeah. Is it important for children of sen-iors, you know, those people that are in their forties and fifties whose par-ents are in their seventies and eighties? They are deeply concerned about this particular issue of the Med-icaid expansion being eliminated by a repeal of the Affordable Care Act, and then they wind up in a situation of having to take care of Mom and Dad, trying to figure out how to do it on their insufficient income. So we need to understand that the very first act undertaken by the Presi-dent was to set in motion a very seri-ous rejiggering, a reoperation of the entire healthcare system in this Na-tion, so much so that the standard in-surance companies that provide poli-cies to the great majority of Americans are going: Whoa, wait a minute. You eliminate the Affordable Care Act, ObamaCare, and we don’t know how to price in the marketplace for the com-ing year. Right now, those insurance compa-nies are in the process of figuring out what their policies are going to be, how they would price them. One of the things the Affordable Care Act does is to provide an opportunity for those that have preexisting condi-tions, serious healthcare problems, for those people to be able to get insur-ance; therefore, the risk is spread. Now, if the Affordable Care Act dis-appears, would this be part of the re-placement? We don’t know. Our colleagues on the Republican side keep talking about repeal and re-place. We don’t have a replacement plan yet, but what we do have is a probability of a massive tax cut for the very wealthy. We are also looking at chaos in the insurance system. So let’s be aware of what is going on in Washington when we talk about re-peal and replace and when you talk about ObamaCare—which, by the way, is also known as the Affordable Care Act. I have, today, some of my colleagues joining us. I notice that two of them are here. We could go alphabetically, in which case—well, let me see, P-Q-R. That means P
ANETTA comes first. My new colleague from the Monterey Bay area of California will join us here. He wants to talk about some of these issues that confront Americans and ex-plain to all of us what this Congress and what the President is doing to Americans. I welcome Mr. P
ANETTA to his very first Special Order hour that I have been able to work with him. I know you have spoken on the floor before, and we look forward to your comments tonight. I thank the gentleman very much for joining us. I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. P
ANETTA ). Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California, and I rise today to oppose President Trump’s anti-immigrant executive orders and to share with you why I feel these orders harm the people across my district and, ultimately, across our Nation. I am here because my grandfather came here as an Italian immigrant back in 1921. He told us that the reason he came here was to give his children a better life, and he wanted a chance to achieve what I think we all know to be the American Dream. I am here in front of you living the reality of that dream. And that is why I strive every day as best as I can to give back to my country and commu-nity here in Washington, D.C., and es-pecially on the central coast of Cali-fornia. I do that not only because of my grandfather, but because it was our forefathers that made it clear that this is a nation, this is a country based on ‘‘We the People.’’ And so to me, being in this country, being American, means that all of us bear the burden to serve one another and to welcome those—es-pecially those—who are willing to come here and share in that responsi-bility. I believe that we should em-brace them. I believe that we should embolden them with the opportunities to share in that American Dream. We know that the world looks to the United States for enlightened leader-ship, but these ill-advised actions send a wrong message about our values as a nation. We are a nation of immigrants. We are stronger because of our diver-sity and because of the people who have taken the risks to come here just as my grandfather did, to live here and to contribute to our country and our communities. On the central coast of California, that is the heart and soul of that area. I see hardworking men and women who have come to this country to live in it and contribute to it. The two main in-dustries there on the central coast are agriculture and tourism—big indus-tries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.084 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1061 February 7, 2017 
There are people, workers, owners who contribute greatly not only to those industries, but to our commu-nities, and they are our neighbors, our friends, our families, our children. They sit next to my two daughters and play with them at school. Clearly, without them, my community would be a shell of its former self. I hear the pain in their voices be-cause they feel that this administra-tion’s executive order targets them and makes them feel unwelcome. I see that these types of executive orders drive a wedge in our country, and it drives them further away from participating in our community. Before I was sworn in on January 3 of this year, I was a prosecutor; and for the 5
1⁄2years that I was there at the Monterey County District Attorney’s Office, I prosecuted gang crimes. That kind of prosecution, as you can imag-ine, as you know well, it can be very difficult to have witnesses come for-ward and participate in one of the cor-nerstones of our country: our criminal justice system. They are intimidated. They are worried about retribution and retaliation. Yet now, from what I have heard, they are worried not just about crimi-nals; they are worried about the gov-ernment, the government cracking down on them if they came forward, cracking down on them and sending them back to where they came from. These executive orders discourage par-ticipation in our community. Instead, as a nation, we should encourage peo-ple to step up, to step forward, and to be a part of our criminal justice sys-tem. Last weekend, I met with community members and I heard directly from them about their concerns, and this weekend, I am doing it again. I am holding a townhall to continue this conversation. b1745 I believe it is our responsibility to listen to all of our community mem-bers and consider the implications of these types of executive orders and the implications that they have on all of our constituents. When the President of the United States was sworn in, he took an oath to protect all members of our Nation by supporting and defending our Constitu-tion. As a Member of Congress, I took an oath to support and defend that very same Constitution. Rest assured, I will honor that oath, and I will honor the oath to my grandfather and to this country by fighting and resisting un-constitutional orders from this or any other President. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. P
ANETTA , thank you so very much for joining us this evening. Thank you for your state-ment of your life and your family’s work. We know your father. Leon has been a dear friend of mine and most of us here in the House. You’re going to really be a tremendous addition to this House. Your experience as a prosecutor and in local government and county government positions you very well to bring the message. Certainly, the Salinas Valley is one in which immigrants are the history, and they are the reality of today. Thank you so very much for watching out for them, for your passion, and for your extraordinary background in making all of us aware of what happens when sanctuary cities, immigration laws, and others are just tossed around without much thought about what the impact is in the community and to families, as well as to the economy of the community. I appreciate that and hope you will come back and join us on another Special Order. From the other side of the country, we have Mr. RASKIN , another new Mem-ber of the House of Representatives. Welcome. You have a fascinating back-ground, and I look forward to your comments today. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. R
ASKIN ). Mr. RASKIN. Thank you so much, Mr. G
ARAMENDI . Thank you for con-vening us to talk about the first month of the Trump administration. The at-tacks on our Constitution, our Bill of Rights, and the rule of law are coming fast and furious, so it is hard to collect all of them, and I appreciate the effort to try to inventory them today. I represent the wonderful people of Montgomery County, Frederick Coun-ty, and Carroll County, Maryland, the Eighth Congressional District, and I am, by training, a professor of con-stitutional law which I have done for the last quarter century at American University. So in reviewing the highlights—or the low lights—of the last several weeks, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , I thought I would start, actually, with my very first day on the job. I went to sign up for health insurance in the basement of the Longworth House Office Building, which I was delighted to do because my job entitles me to sign up for health in-surance, and I recognized how fortu-nate I was. As I was down there, a num-ber of other new Members began to form, and I looked at them. Then, as I was going through, at the same time, some memoranda that my office had received, I noticed that some of the first bills we were going to be looking at were to set the stage for dis-mantling the Affordable Care Act, for voucherizing Medicare, for pulverizing Medicaid and downsizing it, for demon-izing Planned Parenthood, and for making it impossible for hundreds of thousands of citizens across the coun-try to get basic health care. I said to myself: Tell me that it is not the case that I am entering Con-gress with other Members who are going to be signing up for health insur-ance that they get as part of their job, and then they are going to go upstairs to the floor of the House and vote to strip 22 million Americans of their health care in the Affordable Care Act. But, believe it or not, this is pre-cisely what has transpired, and there is a very clear move on to try to dis-mantle the Affordable Care Act. The majority has voted more than 60 times to repeal the Affordable Care Act, but America has woken up to the fact that it is for real this time, and we have hundreds of thousands—millions—of citizens mobilizing across the country to defend the Affordable Care Act and to demand accountability from their Member of Congress. I am thrilled to see that. Also, during the last few weeks, we all read a report from 16 intelligence agencies of the United States, includ-ing the FBI, the CIA, the National Se-curity Agency, the Defense Intel-ligence Agency, and a dozen more, all of them expressing their confidence and their very strong belief that Vladi-mir Putin, the KGB, and the Russian Government worked a campaign to un-dermine and sabotage American de-mocracy in the 2016 Presidential elec-tion. It included acts of cyber sabotage, espionage, fake news, and propaganda that all entered into American polit-ical discourse and our institutions in order to change the outcome of the 2016 Presidential election. What we have gotten from the Presi-dent of the United States is a series of blithe dismissals of the whole thing saying repeatedly: Other people do the same. I think it was yesterday that com-mentator Bill O’Reilly said that he needed to criticize Vladimir Putin, who was a killer, to which the President re-sponded: Lots of people are killers. And, essentially: Have you looked at what America has done recently? That kind of talk is absolutely out-rageous and scandalous that the Presi-dent would say that. The point is not to join the killers of the world. The point is not to partici-pate in the league of bandits, bullies, dictators, despots, and rightwing move-ments that are forming all over the world. The point is to take them on and to stand up for democracy, human rights, and the real ideals of the coun-try. So back in the home office, in Mos-cow, they must be chortling that the President of the United States would establish a moral equivalency between the first democracy—the first constitu-tional democracy ever created on Earth—and a thug who is presiding over essentially a kleptocratic, author-itarian regime in Russia, a man who has said that the collapse of the Soviet Union was the single greatest catas-trophe of the 20th century. So we have that to deal with. Meantime, instead of taking on the real authoritarians on Earth, the President summons up all of his cour-age with Steve Bannon, and they im-pose a ban on people coming to Amer-ica from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, So-malia, Syria, and Yemen; and they in-voke 9/11 several times in the course of establishing this unprecedented ref-ugee ban. The only problem is that the terrorist hijackers who came to attack 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.085 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1062 February 7, 2017 
the country on 9/11 were from Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and the United Arab Emirates. The vast majority of them came from Saudi Arabia, which is the stronghold and the organizing center of Wahhabism, fundamentalism, radical Islamic terrorism on Earth which has been promoting and disseminating mil-itant Islamist ideology all over the world. Yet, the Trump administration did nothing about that, either because they were too powerful for them to take on or because Mr. Trump has had extensive business dealings with Saudi Arabia, as well as in other countries that were passed over in this ban. Now, of course, because this is a reli-giously oriented Muslim ban that is meant to whip up propaganda, hysteria, and chaos in the country and has nothing to do with national secu-rity, it has been struck down in dif-ferent parts or in whole by five or six Federal district courts, most recently by the United States District Court in Seattle. The case is now in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals. There are so many problems with the executive order in terms of due process, equal protection, free exercise of reli-gion, and so on, that there are multiple judicial decisions that are striking down different aspects of the executive order. Well, what else do we have going on? Today, in one of the committees that I serve on, the House Administration Committee, there was a 6–3 vote to dis-mantle the only Federal election enti-ty, the EAC, which is charged with try-ing to promote the cybersecurity of our elections. That vote was along party lines—6–3—to dismantle the Election Assistance Commission which had been created and established on a bipartisan vote many years ago. That was just taken down. So I would say that there appears to be an effort to plunge America into a certain kind of chaos at this point. That, of course, has been the explicit wish of Steve Bannon, who has de-scribed himself as a Leninist who wants to tear down our system of gov-ernment and demolish the politics of the country to replace with something else which has gone un-named. So, my fellow Americans, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , these are very serious times. I am thrilled that the people of America are organizing in every State of the Union and in every community to build up the capacity to resist these attacks on our Constitution, on our Bill of Rights, and on the rule of law. The majority of the people who did not vote for this President are mobilized, they are galvanized, and they under-stand that eternal vigilance is, indeed, the price of liberty, and people are going to remain eternally vigilant— and passionately so—during the course of this administration when the at-tacks continue to come fast and furi-ous on our Constitution and our Bill of Rights. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. R
ASKIN , thank you so very much. Indeed, your experience as a pro-fessor teaching constitutional law will be a very valuable asset to this House, and particularly in the context of what is transpiring on the floor with the re-peal of so many of the regulations that are protecting Americans in so many different ways, and certainly with the incredible array of outlandish execu-tive orders emanating from the White House, not the least of which is the im-migration issue. So as we journey through this period of disruption and chaos, I am certain that we will count upon you to provide us with insight into the way in which all of this fits into the very clear framework of the Constitution. Mr. RASKIN. I thank the gentleman from California for his leadership. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, there are so many other things to talk about here, and I probably have an-other 20 minutes to do it. I doubt that I will take all that time, unless my col-league from Iowa wants to engage in a colloquy about some issues of the day which we might find a very exciting and interesting thing to do, Mr. KING. I see you await your turn here. Over the last week, Congress—the last 2 weeks now, 3 almost—has en-acted a series of repeals of regulations that had been passed in the Obama ad-ministration. On the floor today, not more than an hour and a half ago, three additional repeals of regulations took place. These were under the Con-gressional Review Act, a law that is some 25 years old now that allows the Congress to literally repeal regulations that are out there. I will give you a couple of examples. Today, one of them dealt with the planning process for the Bureau of Land Management. About a quarter of a million acres of land are under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management. This is public land. It be-longs to all of us. This land is your land. Well, this is the land that belongs to the American people. The repeal today of a new public review process on land planning is—I don’t understand it. I was once deputy secretary at the De-partment of the Interior, and I oversaw the Bureau of Land Management. I was operating under the law that was old in the 1990s. But here we are with this repeal of a new process, a process that actually in-vited into the land planning for the Bu-reau of Land Management where are the roads going to go, how are they going to manage the various uses of the land, whether it is agriculture, for cattle, or for recreation, or hunting, whatever, that they invite into that process all of the local agencies. The county, the State, environmental groups, hunting, fishing, cattlemen, ag-ricultural groups, whoever would have a stake in that, they were invited into the process. It shortened the process from 8 years down to something prob-ably in the 2-or 3-year range to go through this entire thing, and, for rea-sons that I will never understand, the repeal eliminated the use of good science and economics. So I don’t understand what is going on here. This is a good process so that the public would be invited. Yet, the Congressional Review Act—should the Senate agree and the President sign this particular review—the Bureau of Land Management will never be able to go back and enter this process of land planning again. b1800 They cannot issue a new regulation. What is happening here is nonsense. There is mountaintop removal in coal country, where mountains are simply wiped off the face of the Earth and all of that dirt is piled into the nearby streams. We have that regulation. Providing clean water for the com-munities and the rivers for recreation or fishing or any other thing is gone and no longer available to protect the communities. It goes on and on. I know one thing that the President did the very first day was an executive order to eliminate the reduction in the mortgage guarantee fee. This is a fee paid by homeowners—usually low-in-come homeowners—who, because of their income, because of their financial status, cannot get a regular mortgage unless there is a guarantee. He said this was for the benefit of the home-owner. Baloney. This was for the ben-efit of the bankers. We already know that he has ap-pointed three people to his cabinet that are from Wall Street, particularly from Goldman Sachs, and another one from another agency on Wall Street. He was going to do away with Wall Street. No, he brought Wall Street into the cabi-net. We are going backwards on this. I am going to take a deep breath—I need it after all of that—and I am just beginning to get wound up and haven’t gone through the other 20 things that are on my list. I did notice that this is my day to welcome to the floor of the House of Representatives new Democratic mem-bers. Mr. R
ASKIN is from the marvelous State of Maryland. I have two Califor-nians here. R
OKHANNA is from the Sil-icon Valley. I yield to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. K
HANNA ) to share with us his take on his first 33 days in Con-gress. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative G
ARAMENDI for his lead-ership in the State of California and the country. I rise today to voice my strong objec-tion and disapproval for FCC Chairman Ajit Pai’s decision to roll back a pro-gram that would provide internet ac-cess to low-income Americans. I was shocked that this was one of the first decisions that the FCC Chair-man made. What he has done is provide few subsidies for low-income Ameri-cans who need internet access. Now, we know that 45 percent of Americans under 30,000 currently don’t have internet access. Providing these 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.087 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1063 February 7, 2017 
folks with internet access is giving their kids a basic shot at digital pro-ficiency and having a job in technology or a chance at the American Dream. Chairman Ajit Pai has become a poster child with this decision for ev-erything that is wrong with Wash-ington. It is what people complain about. He is writing the rules of mod-ern-day capitalism in a way that privi-leges these elite telecom companies with concentrated economic power at the expense of low-income Americans. This Congress must stand united to make sure that an unelected bureau-crat doesn’t get to write the rules of our economy in favor of wealthy inter-ests at the expense of ordinary Ameri-cans. Mr. Speaker, I will be circulating a letter to our colleagues that I hope we can send to Chairman Pai, and, hope-fully, he will reconsider this decision that is really not in the interest of or-dinary Americans. Mr. GARAMENDI. If I might ask a question of the gentlemen. He rep-resents the Silicon Valley—at least a large portion of the Silicon Valley— and the issue of net neutrality has been bouncing around here for some time. Basically, the FCC, as I understand it, has decided that there would be net neutrality, which, as I understand it— and perhaps the gentleman can explain it better than I, so I will let him do so—may be the next thing that this new chairman intends to do away with. Has the gentleman followed that? Mr. KHANNA. I have. I appreciate the Congressman’s leadership on this. Net neutrality, as the gentleman knows, is a very simple idea. That means that everyone should have equal access to the internet; that you shouldn’t get to pay for faster service or you shouldn’t get to pay to have more of your message out. You would think that if anyone would appreciate the importance of it, it is the President, who uses the tool of the internet with Twitter and Facebook. Mr. GARAMENDI. Oh, the tweets. Mr. KHANNA. You would think we would want a democracy where every citizen has equal access to these tools. Well, who doesn’t want that? Some of these big companies that have concentrated economic power and have an interest in making money and not for speech. This Chairman has shown a con-sistent pattern already, in a few weeks, of basically siding with these large telecommunication companies at the expense of ordinary citizens. It may sound like a technical issue. Some folks glaze over when you say net neutrality or you talk about the technical issues of the lifeline pro-gram, but I think what they have got to know is you have an FCC Chairman who is siding with wealth interests in telecom companies over what would benefit ordinary people. Mr. GARAMENDI. I thank the gen-tleman for the explanation and the purpose of net neutrality. In a way, it is one of the things that, in a very real way, protects the individual—by hav-ing access. What is happening with these regula-tions and many of these executive or-ders that the President puts out is to remove from the individual protections that they have. I mentioned mountain-top removal in coal country and the protections that the indigent farmer down the stream has for clean water. That protection is gone. You look at the mortgage guarantee. It is a small amount, but it is an addi-tional $500 a year that an individual would have to pay, assuming they had to have a mortgage guarantee. Most low-income people have to have that mortgage guarantee in order to buy a home. It is $500 out of their pockets. So it is the protections that have been in place. There may be others. I am sure that in the gentleman’s area he may know of others, if he would like to share with us, but I really thank him for bringing to us his expertise in the area of communications. I know that he has worked in this area before. He represents a part of America and California where this is a very big issue. Mr. KHANNA. I thank Congressman G
ARAMENDI for his leadership and showing what is really happening with the scale-back of all these regulations. Mr. GARAMENDI. I will use another analogy of flying below the radar. A lot of this is flying below the radar because we are looking at all of the tweets that come out in the morning, the various news programs focusing on the President, and missing some really important things that protect Ameri-cans. Mr. KHANNA. If I can make one more comment. Everyone says they are not for regulation. That is easy. Every time I get on an airplane, I am very thankful that we have some regula-tions. Regulations can’t just be elimi-nated with a hatchet, like this admin-istration is doing. Mr. GARAMENDI. That is so very true. Let me just go through some of the regulations that are being repealed here in the House over the last couple of weeks. First of all, let’s remember that the Congressional Review Act being used to repeal these regulations has two parts to it. One, it has the ability of Congress to repeal regulations, which I think is a good idea. The second part of it, I think, has some real shortcomings. And that is, once that regulation has been repealed, both Houses vote before the President signs it, then the issue cannot be revisited by that administra-tive agency. I gave the example of the BLM, but it applies across the board. Regulations that deal with smoking on airplanes is a regulation. If we repeal that regula-tion, suddenly there is smoking on air-planes. You can never go back and do a regulation again in that area. I thank Mr. KHANNA for joining us and for bringing his expertise to us. I am going to run down a quick list here. Oil and gas companies operate around the world. Our new Secretary of State was the CEO of ExxonMobil, the world’s biggest oil company. Did ExxonMobil pay a fee or a gra-tuity or corruption to a foreign coun-try? We will never know now because the Congress has passed a regulation that required oil and gas companies to dis-close any fees, any money that they have paid to a foreign government for the opportunity to extract oil or gas from their country. We happen to know that many of the countries in which these American oil and gas companies operate are rife with corruption. So this is a way for us to do an anticorruption program around the world that involves our na-tional oil companies. That is on the way to being repealed. How about mentally ill people being able to get a firearm? I suspect 80 percent of Americans— maybe 100 percent—think that some-body who is seriously mentally ill ought not to be able to get a firearm. Well, there is a mechanism. It is a national database. We call it the NICS database. It is a database that gun shops have to inquire if an individual is on that database for domestic violence, criminal activity, or for mental illness. We have had a problem with the men-tal illness part of this because many mentally ill people do not get on the database for a variety of reasons. The counties, cities, States don’t provide that information. In some cases, it is deemed to be proprietary or confiden-tial. But there is a way. It exists in the regulations today that would require the Social Security Administration— when it makes a payment for disability for severe mental illness to an indi-vidual, that individual’s name goes on this database. When that individual may want to go down to the gun shop and buy a weapon, the gun shop would query the database and, lo and behold, the individual comes up and he won’t able to get a gun. It makes sense. It enhances the data-base. It adds to the database individ-uals that are so severely mentally ill that they are able to get Social Secu-rity disability payments. Who is to object to that? Well, apparently a majority of the House of Representatives and the Sen-ate does object to that. Probably the National Rifle Association also. So now we have a situation in which we have a protection for Americans being pro-tected from the mentally ill individual that could not buy a gun now suddenly being able to not be on the national database for those people that are men-tally ill. One more protection is gone. There are others, and I am going to run through them as quickly as I can here. I don’t know whether you believe in climate change, global warming. I cer-tainly do. I have worked on this for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.088 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1064 February 7, 2017 
more than 30 years now, and it is a real issue. We know—there is no debate about this—that methane is a very powerful greenhouse gas. In fact, it is far more powerful than carbon dioxide. So the emissions of methane are one of the things that we would want to re-duce going into the atmosphere to add to those elements in the atmosphere that creates global warming, climate change. Well, the House of Representatives has passed a resolution through the law that allows it to do so—to roll back a requirement that the Bureau of Land Management put in place that re-quires oil and gas companies that are drilling for oil, drilling for natural gas, to control the leakage of methane from the gas well. Wow, that is a terrible thing to do. Really? To require that an oil com-pany, a drilling company that is going after natural gas on government—ex-cuse me, your land, the American public’s land—that they, in the process of drilling for that natural gas or oil, control, capture the methane that would otherwise leak from that well? Well, that regulation is gone. The protections of Americans are gone. Greenhouse gas emissions are emitted without regulatory control. Many of these gas wells are in communities and in neighborhoods that will also enjoy more methane emissions. b1815 One more—or maybe more. Oh, yes, labor violations. Labor laws have been on the books for well over 80 years. The labor laws are health and safety, work-er safety, requirements on hours, work-ing conditions, hazardous cir-cumstances. There are many different regulations that affect employers. They have to provide a safe working environment for their workers. Some do. Well, I would say most work at making sure that their workplace is safe. Some do not. Some of those who do not provide a safe workplace have been fined by the Federal Government for those labor violations. It is a good thing. It causes those companies to provide a safe working environment for their employees. A regulation was put forward by the Obama administration that said that if a company wants to contract with the Federal Government, they must dis-close their labor violations, where they have violated the various labor laws. It may be hours of work, overtime pay, working conditions, hazardous cir-cumstances, safety. They would have to disclose it. It didn’t say they couldn’t get a contract, but it did say that they would have to disclose to the public that they have not provided suf-ficient awareness of the various labor safety and workplace laws. That is on the way to being repealed. What I want to do tonight is to sim-ply say to the American public: Pay at-tention. There are many things going on here in Congress and in the adminis-tration that are harmful to you, the American public. The kind of protec-tions that you have counted on—work-er safety, environmental protections if you live downstream from a coal min-ing operation, any of those things—are in the process of being repealed, and your protections along with them. So be aware of what the new administra-tion and the Congress is doing to you, not for you. I could talk about the wall and about the $15 billion to $30 billion that is going to be spent if Mr. Trump gets his way here and builds a 1,400-mile wall. I want to just end with this, and that is choices. Your representatives, myself, 434 of my colleagues here and 100 Sen-ators and a President, we make choices about how your tax money is going to be spent. Should it be spent on a wall? Well, let’s consider for a moment spending it on a wall. This is $15 bil-lion, the minimum amount of money, and it is not going to build much of the wall. But for $15 billion, what could you do for it? I am from California. I was once a re-gent of the University of California and on the board for the California State University, so I am familiar with this system. $15 billion could fund the en-tire California State University system for 3 years, and that is nearly a half a million students. You could replace all of the water pipes in Flint, Michigan, 270 times over for $15 billion. Choices. Do you want safe drinking water in Flint and other communities around the United States or do you want a wall? Are you concerned about the American military, the Navy, five Virginia-class submarines, or one Ford- class aircraft carrier plus a submarine? Or how about scholarships for under-graduate programs at the University of California, which I had the privilege of graduating from a few years ago? 27,777 4-year, full-time scholarships. That is the undergraduate population at the University of California Davis, which I have the privilege of rep-resenting. There is one more place you could spend $15 billion or even one part of $15 billion, and it is on this. These are the deadly diseases in America. Let’s see. Breast cancer, over the last decade we have seen breast cancer actually de-cline. Prostate cancer has declined by 11 percent, heart disease by 14 percent, stroke by 23 percent, HIV/AIDS by 52 percent. Alzheimer’s has not declined. It has increased by 471 percent, and it is going to go even more. What could we do with $15 billion of research on a disease that affects every American family? We could almost assuredly find a cure for Alzheimer’s. I thank my col-leagues here in the House of Represent-atives for increasing the budget for Alzheimer’s research from around $500 million to just under $1 billion. That was done last year. If we can increase that funding another $1 billion a year, the researchers indicate to us that we have a high probability of delaying the onset of Alzheimer’s by 5 years. With another $1 billion after that, we prob-ably could find a cure for this disease that is going to bust the American bank. Medicare and Medicaid, that is where the big money is going to be spent. So my plea to our President and those who want to build a wall is: We have choices. You want to do some-thing for the American public? Let’s spend that $15 billion to $30 billion on education. You want to do something for every American family? Spend some portion of that $15 billion to $30 billion by doubling the amount of money that we are spending annually on Alzheimer’s research. You want to do something for the security of our Nation? Meet those critical needs that our military has. Whether it is a new submarine or an aircraft carrier we can debate, but we do know that we have expenditures that are necessary in that area. So, Mr. President, don’t waste our money. Don’t waste our tax money on a wall. By the way, we know Mexico is not going to pay for it. Don’t get in a fight with our trading partner and our neighbors to the south and Australia. Be aware, Americans. Watch closely to what is happening here in Wash-ington. If you are concerned, so am I concerned about where we are headed and about what this government is doing to you, not for you, but rather to you. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to address their re-marks to the Chair and not to a per-ceived viewing audience. 
f 
IMMIGRATION AND THE RULE OF LAW The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. K
ING) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to be recognized to address you here on the floor of the United States House of Representatives and to have the privilege to participate in this great deliberative body that we have and are. On occasion, I come down here and listen to my colleagues from the other side of the aisle. They have been known to change the subject on me, or I have changed the subject that I came down here to speak about because I have lis-tened to the things that they had to say. It is good for us to have that kind of debate, Mr. Speaker, because cer-tainly I disagree with the conclusions that have been drawn here. I want to take this from the top, and I will get to the wall situation along the way. I think those numbers are a long ways off, myself. I will start the immigration issue, Mr. Speaker. There has been a long battle that has gone on. For me, it goes back into the early 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.089 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1065 February 7, 2017 
part of this millennium when we had a group of Senators who decided they were going to solve the immigration problem back in about 2006 or so, and so they brought their big immigration bill and pushed it hard. Here in the House we brought an en-forcement bill and pushed that back against the Senate. We held hearings for that enforcement bill around the country, in places like Arizona and Du-buque, Iowa, as I recall. There were a number of others around the country. We made the case that we have to be a nation of laws, and the rule of law has to prevail, and that the effort on the other side was to waive the application of the law. They said: We want to be able to tell people that we feel sorry for you. Therefore, we are going to sac-rifice the rule of law out of our sym-pathy for the condition that you left in order to come in to America. Well, that fits some people, but it doesn’t substitute for the rule of law. It doesn’t substitute for the respect for the law that we must have if we are going to be a law-abiding, first world nation. Plenty of Third World nations don’t have respect for the rule of law. Most of the nations that these illegal aliens come from are coming from countries that don’t have respect for the rule of law. One of the things they are trying to get away from is the ero-sion of the law that they have had in their home country. I mean, think of Mexico, for example. Driving down the street in Mexico, you might be pulled over by a police officer there and they will leverage a thing called mordida against you, which is you pay the police officer on the spot and he will let you go. Well, that is paying off the law enforcement. They use that to generate income for them-selves, and they get by with it in a country that is corrupt. Mr. Speaker, when I travel to Mexico and to some of the worst places in the world, and when I look at the cir-cumstances there, whatever they may be, I can generally put together—and I will say almost always put together—a proposal, a strategy on how to put that country back in shape again and get it functioning the way it should function. In Mexico, for example, they have a lot of natural resources. They have good, hardworking people. They have got a continuity of family. They have got a culture that goes deep back for centuries, but they can’t make it work, and they haven’t made it work for a long time. I don’t know if they have ever made it work. At the heart of this is the corruption that exists. The corruption is there due to lack of respect for the rule of law. If we import that contempt for the rule of law and if we adopt it as our na-tional policy, which would be amnesty, we would be adopting the policy of ac-cepting the violation of law and re-warding the lawbreakers for their ob-jective that they had when they broke the law. If we do that, America, the shining city on the hill, continues to devolve downward toward the Third World from the first world. Our job should instead be lift up the Third World to the stand-ards that we are here in the first world. And one of those things would be to promote the rule of law in the coun-tries where they don’t have it, as in Mexico and many of the Central Amer-ican countries. That is the center of this immigration debate, Mr. Speaker. Out of all this discussion that goes on, I hear the individual narratives, I hear the heartbreaking stories, I hear all of the laments that are out there about, oh, woe are somebody’s con-stituents because they are subject to the application of the rule of law and they want to be exempted from that. Meanwhile, as soon as they are exempt-ed from the rule of law, if that should happen, and the destruction of the rule of law in this country, they are going to be asking for the law to protect them in some other area. That is how this is going on in this country. I would take this back to 1986, more than 30 years ago, Mr. Speaker, when this debate was going on. It is the same debate that has been going on in this country for more than 30 years. There were approximately a million illegal aliens in the United States, as far as the estimates were concerned, at the beginning of the debate when the House and the Senate eventually passed the 1986 amnesty act; a million. The discussion was: Well, we can’t possibly address these million people that are in America and we can’t pos-sibly deport them all, so let’s make an accommodation to them. Let them stay, give them a fast track—it turned out to be a path to citizenship—then what we will do is we will promise America that there will never be an-other amnesty again ever. That was the language that was used. There will never be another amnesty again ever. At least at the time, they were honest enough to admit it was an amnesty. So they set about passing the legisla-tion in the House and the Senate that granted amnesty, they thought, to a million people. That amnesty legisla-tion went to the Ronald Reagan’s White House, where he was surrounded by a group of people in the Cabinet who were his advisers. I am sure they had the best interests of the country’s and the President’s in mind, but they had decided to advise Ronald Reagan that he should sign the amnesty act because he could put this issue away, well, maybe forever, but for the duration of our Republic because we were always going to enforce immigration law from that point forward. b1830 And Ronald Reagan, I don’t have in-side knowledge on what he was think-ing on the deliberations that went on. I just know that most of his Cabinet advised him to sign the Amnesty Act. He ultimately signed the Amnesty Act. Consequently, when they began proc-essing these illegal aliens, there were only going to be—I say ‘‘only.’’ They thought it was a huge number—1 mil-lion. There were going to be 1 million of them to process. Well, they proc-essed 3 million instead of 1 million. Why? One, they probably underesti-mated and undercounted. The other half of the equation was there was a lot of fraud that got in the door that was processed also. And so we end up with about 3 mil-lion newly amnestied Americans that have a pass to citizenship who have been rewarded for violating America’s immigration laws, many of them re-warded for committing the crime of un-lawful entry into the United States of America and many of them operating with false documents. That was the path 30 years ago. After that bill was signed and the re-sults of it became evident, then Presi-dent Reagan reversed his position and announced that he regretted that he had signed the Amnesty Act of 1986. I remember those days. And I have since had the conversation with then-Attor-ney General Ed Meese, who has in-formed me about the inside workings of this to a degree. I lament that that decision was made in 1986 by President Reagan to sign the Amnesty Act because it started us on a 30-year debate. Once debate was out there and once the public understood and once people in foreign countries began to believe that if they could, once, get into the United States, there would sooner or later come along and be another Amnesty Act that would in-clude them and they would have their path to citizenship and lawful presence in America and all of the benefits that have grown massively since 1986, once you put the carrot out, once you break the mold of the principle of protecting the rule of law, then after that it is easier the next time and the next time and the next time. Our virtue that we had a respectable virtue on enforcing immigration law in ‘86 has been ratcheted downwards be-cause of the ‘86 Amnesty Act and at least six much smaller but subsequent amnesty acts since that time. I looked into the language in the early part of this millennium more than a decade ago, and they say, well, first of all, it is not amnesty, and they tried to redefine it. I have had this dis-cussion with Karl Rove during the George W. Bush administration: Well, it isn’t amnesty if they pay a fine. It isn’t amnesty if they get a background check. It isn’t amnesty if they abide by our laws. It isn’t amnesty if they learn English. Well, I am not very thrilled about that. I would say the proposal then was a $1,500 fine in order to waive the criminal charge of unlawful entry into the United States of America. Under that argument, somehow that miti-gated violating the law, so you wouldn’t be able to call it amnesty. And I defined it then. I said: No, what-ever the penalty is on the books when the crime is committed, if you waive 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.091 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1066 February 7, 2017 
that penalty, you have provided am-nesty for a class of people. So the more precise definition of am-nesty, to grant amnesty, is to pardon immigration lawbreakers and reward them with the objective of their viola-tion or their crime, as the case may be—pardon immigration lawbreakers and reward them with the objective of their crime. What is this proposal with DACA and DAPA that President Obama so uncon-stitutionally advanced forward? It is just that. It is the most blatant form of amnesty for the largest classes of peo-ple that has ever been created in the history of the United States of Amer-ica. Of course, we only have to look back to 1986 to find the first amnesty, and then there have been the six or so subsequent amnesties that I have men-tioned. But Barack Obama, constitutional scholar, at least as high a standing as Mr. P
ANETTA from California who spoke here on the floor a little bit ago, but Barack Obama, constitutional scholar, 22 times on videotape, in dif-ferent speeches in various places around the country, said to America that he didn’t have the constitutional authority to waive the application of the immigration law against people who claim that they came to America before their 18th birthday and presum-ably were brought in by their parents. If you look at the DACA language that has been advanced here in the House—or let’s go across the rotunda to the Senate and look at D
ICKDUR-
BIN’s language there. It is, if you have come into America before your 18th birthday, for any purpose whatsoever, then you get amnesty. And some of those people now, according to the older drafts of the bill, would be 38 years old, getting amnesty to stay in the United States of America at age 38. People believe that that is the hu-mane thing to do, to reward them with the objective of their crime. Now, they could have carried a backpack of mari-juana into the United States the day before their 18th birthday—I have been telling the truth about pretty much all of that, except they are supposed to not commit any other crimes—and they would be granted this level of am-nesty under DACA. The President’s DACA acronym stands for Deferred Ac-tion for Childhood Arrivals. So that policy that he advanced, after Barack Obama, 22 times, told us he didn’t have the constitutional au-thority, he was right. Just a couple of weeks before he issued this DACA pol-icy, he stood over here at a high school in Washington, D.C., and explained to them that he didn’t have the author-ity. He said: Congress passes the laws; I, in the executive branch, enforce the laws; and the courts interpret the laws. Pretty simple. That is a nice, concise description of the balance of powers that we have in this country. But he said he didn’t have the authority be-cause he can’t write law. Two weeks later, the President an-nounces the policy to grant work per-mits and Social Security numbers to il-legal aliens that are in the United States who assert that they came in before their 18th birthday. So he cre-ated an entire class of people. I read carefully through the Morton memos. I read the memo that launched all of this. It was signed by Janet Napolitano, then-Secretary of Home-land Security. Janet Napolitano’s memo said, seven times, on an indi-vidual basis only—on an individual basis only—in this page and a third of the document that established the pol-icy. I remember her testimony before the Judiciary Committee. She knew very well that they had to make an argu-ment that this was on an individual basis only in order to try to sustain any kind of facade before the courts, when they would almost certainly be sued for DACA and later on for DAPA. Well, it was never on an individual basis. There were huge classes of people that were created. They created four separate classes of people in those memos. Still they assert that they have a right to do this, and now I hear the gentleman say it is unconstitu-tional. It is unbelievable to me that anybody could argue when President Obama said it was unconstitutional—he was the last one that was going to admit this—and he went ahead and com-mitted an unconstitutional act. So that takes care of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals. Then Obama came with the policy DAPA, the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans. That is an illegal who has a baby in America. If they sneak into America and they have a baby, they call that birthright citizenship. The President grants them a legal pres-ence because they violated our laws, and some of them, many of them, for the express purpose of coming here to have a baby that would be granted the practice of American citizenship. We see between 340,000 and 750,000 of those babies born in America every year. Think of the population that America is carrying that doesn’t have a moral claim to citizenship, doesn’t actually have a legal claim to citizen-ship, just can point to the practice that we began awarding citizenship to ba-bies born to illegals many years ago. There were only a few of them. It wasn’t significant. By the time it gets around to where it is significant, now they have created their own constitu-ency group here in America. But both of those policies, DACA and DAPA, are clearly unconstitutional. And DAPA, Texas brought that case against the United States of America and has prevailed so far in court before Judge Andrew Hanen. The DAPA pol-icy is now at least suspended and held in place because one wise judge in Texas decided to draw the line. He had the clearest constitutional under-standing DAPA is unconstitutional and the President can’t write the law. Mr. Speaker, I am not speaking from a lack of experience on this or lack of knowledge on this. I am not here speaking off of talking points that came from anyone other than a handful of notes I scribbled a few minutes ago, but here is one of my experiences on the separation of powers. When I was in the State Senate in Iowa, our newly elected Governor at that time was Tom Vilsack, who served 8 years and did a respectable job as a Democratic Governor in those 8 years. Very early in his term, he issued an ex-ecutive order also, Executive Order No. 7, that granted special protective sta-tus for sexual orientation and gender identity. When that executive order came down, I looked at that. I was appalled that a Governor would think that he could legislate by executive order. I made my calls to my Republican attor-neys and made my case. They all told me I didn’t understand it, that it was drafted in such a deft way that it fit with nuances such that it was a con-stitutional executive order and that I had to submit to it. My answer was, no, the Iowa General Assembly has, within the boundaries of its State constitu-tion, the same legislative authority that this Congress has and that it was clear to me that he was legislating by executive order. I initiated legislation to push on it and I initiated a lawsuit. That lawsuit is easy to look up. It is King v. Vilsack, and it was decided exactly on the same kind of principle: whether an executive officer, a Governor, or a President can write law. Our Founding Fathers would agree with no concept that said that either the executive branch or the judicial branch of government could write law. Instead, they separated these out and they gave us Articles I, II, and III of our Constitution. Mr. Speaker, it is pretty clear. They didn’t write it someplace later on in the Constitution. They put it right up front, Article I, section 1: ‘‘All legisla-tive Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States’’—not a President of the United States, not a judicial branch of the United States, but a Congress of the United States—‘‘which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representa-tives.’’ Then they set about laying out the structure of the Senate and the House of Representatives, all legislative pow-ers. And then the Congress has dele-gated some legislative powers. There is no delegated legislative power here for the President of the United States to write immigration law, but he did that. Then we had to bring two lawsuits. The one is Texas v. The United States, decided by Judge Hanen. That decision stands. It was appealed up to the Su-preme Court, where there was a 4–4 tie, which means that the Fifth Circuit de-cision by Hanen prevails. Well, good. Congratulations. It is held in place now. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.092 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1067 February 7, 2017 
But DACA, the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals—and that is kind of an odd acronym that doesn’t nec-essarily match somebody that is 38 years old—I pulled the people together to initiate that lawsuit. It turned out to be Crane v. Napolitano. That case is still being litigated. It has been pushed off onto a side rail. The president of the ICE union has been directed to liti-gate against the Justice Department because it is a grievance with their em-ployees rather than getting at the con-stitutional question. It has been pushed off on the side by a judge. So that case is still being litigated, but it remains unconstitutional. The former President of the United States knows that. Not only that, our current President, Donald Trump, knows that. He has said many times during the campaign that very early on in his Presidency he would eliminate the unconstitutional executive orders that bring about these components of amnesty. That includes DACA and DAPA. It needs to also include the Morton memos. I have got a nice little packet I can send to the White House. I really did expect that very early in his ad-ministration he would address DACA and DAPA and the Morton memos. So it was a bit of a surprise to me to learn as far as, I will say, as recently as Jan-uary 23—and this is the only confirma-tion I have of this—that United States Citizenship and Immigration Services is still issuing DACA permits and still extending DACA permits. That is a number that runs up to about 800 a day at the pace, at least, that they were doing, with tens of thousands in back-log yet. b1845 The simple thing to do would be to freeze any action on DACA and DAPA. I would rescind the executive order and invalidate every DACA permit and every DAPA permit. We have got a database also to address that, Mr. Speaker. The simplest thing right now would be to just simply suspend any action that is affirmative in continuing this unconstitutional act. From my standpoint—and I think it should be the standpoint of the President of the United States and of the Vice Presi-dent of the United States and all who have taken an oath—his oath is to pre-serve, protect, and defend the Constitu-tion of the United States; and the Con-stitution requires that he take care that the laws be faithfully executed. I think he was very sincere when he gave that oath, and I think that Vice Presi-dent P
ENCE was even more sincere when he gave his oath. It was very moving to me to witness that testi-mony out here on the west portico of the Capitol. I want to remind the administration that this action continues, at least as far as the report is concerned; and United States Citizenship and Immi-gration Services may just need a memo from the White House to cease and de-sist the unconstitutional actions tak-ing place at USCIS—very simple, very abrupt, and not very traumatic to any-body in this country—and then start the process of undoing the lawlessness that we have had to submit to under Barack Obama’s regime. My strongest encouragement: the earlier that DACA and DAPA are ad-dressed by this President in the keep-ing of his solemn oath—and that is to the American people—the easier it is going to be. I am encouraging that it happen early and that it not be de-layed, because the problems created by Barack Obama are now being com-pounded by USCIS. I want to also, Mr. Speaker, speak in favor of accelerating the construction of this wall. That is another solemn pledge of President Trump’s. By the way, of that agenda that he laid out for America that Thursday night in Cleve-land, as I listened to plank after plank after plank in his platform, it was a solid and a strong agenda. He has peo-ple in place who are listening to all of the pledges that he has made, and he has been going down through that list in an impressive fashion, keeping his oath time after time after time, keep-ing his promises to the American peo-ple time after time. I am looking at the exceptions, but the rule has been a very consistent and a very aggressive approach to keeping these promises. I know that a week ago Saturday, President Trump sat down at a table with a small group of people behind him and he went through three execu-tive orders. One of them was a reorga-nization of the National Security Council. The second of the three was for the Department of Defense to produce a strategy to defeat radical Is-lamic jihad—or at least ISIS—and to produce that strategy within 30 days. When it was over, I realized three exec-utive orders had been signed, and I thought: How long did that take? I backed my television up; set my stopwatch on my iPhone; and in a minute and 40 seconds, the President of the United States had signed three ex-ecutive orders and moved this country dramatically in the right direction again, again, and again. So I am not here in broad criticism. I am here with targeted encourage-ment. I am not concerned that the wall hasn’t moved quickly enough. I am here, though, Mr. Speaker, reinforcing that promise to the American people, who, by the tens of thousands and event after event after event, chanted: ‘‘Build the wall. Build the wall.’’ We even had an individual come to an event in Iowa who had a ‘‘wall’’ cos-tume on. It looked like he was made out of flexible cement blocks. It is a movement in this country, and it is a promise to America. Mr. Speaker, I would point out that Donald Trump never said, ‘‘I think we will build some fence,’’ or ‘‘we are going to do something virtual.’’ He said that we are going to build a wall—it will be a big wall; it will be a beautiful wall; and the Mexicans are going to pay for it. That is the line. I have said that I think that Donald Trump has been an expert at building things big and that he has been an expert at building them beautiful. I am going to leave it up to him to figure out how to get the Mexicans to pay for it, but I am pretty confident he is going to get that done, and I am intending to be sup-portive of that effort. But when I hear the gentleman from California speak about how expensive the wall is—and his numbers were $15 billion to $30 billion, I think he said, to build 1,300 miles of wall—we have got 2,000 miles of border, and we have got, oh, a few miles built that are adequate barriers right now, but much of it that we even call a fence or a wall needs to be completely reconstructed so that we have an effective barrier. Of the esti-mates of about $15 billion to $30 billion or the numbers that go, on the Repub-lican side, even up to $25 billion, if any-body is telling you it is a number that is $15 billion or higher, you should un-derstand they don’t want that wall built at all. That is why they have an inflated number in their heads. So who gives them that number? I read those documents, and I have questioned those numbers consider-ably, but I don’t know if there is any-body in the United States Congress who has more years and more experi-ence in building things and in being in the construction business than I do. We are in our 42nd year of construction with King Construction, and we do a similar kind of work that gives us the ability to make a legitimate estimate on the cost of this wall. I have designed a wall. Many people know, Mr. Speaker, that I built it down here on the floor more than 10 years ago and that I put an estimate into that, which is now on YouTube, that has gone semi-viral. That estimate that I uttered then that night holds up pretty well when I put our modern soft-ware estimating to work and—I will say this—thanks to my oldest son, David King, who owns that company today, as he committed some days of pro bono work to put together an esti-mate on what it would take to build a concrete wall with at least a 5-foot- deep foundation in it and a wall that comes up to be a minimum of 12 feet functioning in height, with wire on top. An estimate of a wall of that nature is sophisticated. It is about six pages of spreadsheet—five and a half to be a lit-tle more accurate—but it is all built into the interrelational databases that are necessary to add your materials and your labor and your overhead and your costs to be able to build a wall. Now, here is what is really going on. We are spending, Mr. Speaker, $13.4 bil-lion a year in defending and protecting our southern border—$13.4 billion. That turns out to be $6.7 million a mile. The Border Patrol has come to the com-mittee on numerous occasions and given testimony. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.094 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1068 February 7, 2017 
I have asked them: What percentage of those who attempt to cross the bor-der do you interdict successfully? Their answer before the committee has been: We think about 25 percent. They get about one in four who try to get across the border. So, presumably, three out of four make it in. I would call that a 25 percent efficiency rate. Then I go down to the border and I talk to the officers and the agents down there. This includes Border Pa-trol and ICE. I ask: So you are stopping about 25 percent? Their answer that comes back to me as the most consistent is: No. Ten per-cent has to come first. I have had estimates by ICE officers who operate near the border who will say they think it is closer to 2 to 3 per-cent. Now, I don’t know that that is the right number, and I don’t want to assert here, Mr. Speaker, into this Record that I think we are only stop-ping 2 to 3 percent of those who at-tempt to get across the border. I am suggesting that that is certainly a number that is plausible. It comes from the people who should know the most, and if the Border Patrol on the border says 10 percent has to come first, they might be thinking that 2 to 3 percent sounds all right. I am not even focused on those numbers of 2 to 3, up to 10 per-cent. I will take it to a 25 percent num-ber and say that could be an inflated number, but it is still an awful number to consider for return on investment if you are going to spend $13.4 billion a year every single year and get 25 per-cent efficiency on $6.7 million a mile. I need to put this into a context so that people understand what it really is. And that is that a lot of us live out in the country on gravel roads. And in the flat country in Iowa, we have a gravel road at every mile. Now, let’s just say General Kelly came to me now—and I really would have said Janet Napolitano or maybe Jeh Johnson—and said: I have a pro-posal for you. I want you to secure a mile of country road—a gravel road out there—and I am going to offer you $6.7 million a mile to secure that for each year on a 10-year contract. So here is $67 million in contract, and you are going to have to guard this mile for a year, and you can let 75 percent of the people through who are trying to get across that road, and I am still going to pay you. Does that sound like a good deal? There is hardly any American who wouldn’t take that deal. That is not a very good deal. President Trump will recognize how bad a deal that is. It is a terrible deal. Yet we are stuck with that $13.4 billion, 25 percent efficiency, and $6.7 million a mile. Now, these numbers, probably, are blurring some people in their minds, Mr. Speaker; so I take it back to this: $6.7 million a mile. We have built a four-lane High-way 20 across Iowa, with just a few miles left to go, and we will finish it very soon—the stretch through the ex-pensive Iowa cornfields, crossing rivers with expensive bridges, and building that four-lane highway that is every-thing, except in name, the equivalent of an interstate highway: four lanes, a median in the middle, fences on either side, seeding, signage—all of the things—the bells and the whistles— that it takes to build an interstate highway. I am going to pause for just a second while people think: $6.7 million a mile to guard our southern border, and we are building nothing down there? How much does it cost to build that inter-state highway across expensive Iowa cornfields? $4 million a mile in the books and nearly completed. It will come in right at that number, and that is with buy-ing the expensive cornfield; it is doing the archaeological and the environ-mental and the engineering; the land acquisition; the grading—and I have spent over 40 years in the earthmoving business—and the paving—and we do structural concrete work. By the way, I scooped some of the concrete into the last forms up there in Highway 20, and I am proud of it and am happy to have had the privilege to have done it—painting the stripes on the highway, shouldering it, seeding it, fencing it. We shouldn’t forget that this is four lanes of highway and a fence with a median in the middle and all of the bells and whistles that go on with an interstate highway for $4 mil-lion a mile. And they are telling me it is going to cost what to build, $15 bil-lion to $30 billion? Let’s see. $13 billion is 6.7; so you are at about $8.5 billion or so. So he is sug-gesting a price per mile that is mul-tiples of the cost of what it is costing us to build an interstate highway. I don’t have any doubt that we can go down there and build a concrete wall. I want to build a fence, a wall, and a fence. So we have two no-man’s-lands— one on either side of the wall—and I have it wide enough that you can turn a patrol vehicle around in that no- man’s-land. If you catch anybody in that no-man’s-land, I want it to be the presumption that you are unlawfully present in the United States of Amer-ica, and then they will get an imme-diate deportation. If they want to ap-peal the deportations, they can do so from their home countries and not be sitting here on welfare in the United States of America. That is the objec-tive of what we can do. As for the number that I put into the record back in 2005 that, I said, upholds today, I will just say this: it is less than $2 million a mile. If we reached into that $13.4-billion-a-year budget and just carved out $1 billion a year until we get the fence, the wall, and the fence constructed, we would soon have this done. We would have it done in a reasonable time, and we would have it done with a little squeeze into the budget. If they want to go into an-other account, that is okay with me, but let’s get this done. We can do slip form concrete with a slip form notch in the center of that to drop precast pan-els in. We can pour those precast pan-els right down there on the job site. We can make them any height that the President wants it to be. They can be tongue and groove. They can be latched together. We can build fixtures right into that concrete to mount any kind of devices we like for monitoring. Here is what America needs to under-stand, Mr. Speaker: it is not a fence. It is a wall. The wall is the centerpiece— a fence, a wall, and a fence. The center-piece is a concrete wall that is designed to keep people out, not to keep people in. My colleagues on this side of the aisle constantly are bringing up the topic, asking: Do you want to create another Berlin Wall? I looked throughout history. In fact, I asked the question of one of Amer-ica’s best historians—among the top two favorite authors that I have—Vic-tor Davis Hanson of southern Cali-fornia. I asked him as I have asked the question many times: Do you know of any barrier in history—a fence or a wall—that was designed to keep people in that was a national boundary or a barrier that was built by a nation-state other than the Berlin Wall? He thought for a while, and he said: You might say that the fence and the structures in between North and South Korea are at least, in part, designed to keep North Koreans in. b1900 I will concede that point. There is a fence and a wall between North and South Korea designed to keep the sub-jects of Marxism in their country be-cause they want to escape to freedom. And the Berlin Wall was designed to keep the people in East Berlin from a Marxist society because they wanted to escape to freedom. Those barriers are immoral for those reasons, because they are fencing people in that want to escape to freedom. But when you are a nation-state, and you are having a flow of people coming from without, there are many examples in history where there have been bar-riers, particularly walls, that have been built to keep people out. It is fun-damentally different to have a wall to keep people out rather than a wall to keep people in. If we forget the history of what built the Great Wall of China, think of this: the Great Wall of China was built origi-nally to keep the Mongols out of great-er China. As they were running raids down and doing the things that happen with raids—raping, pillaging, stealing, and heading back to Mongolia—the Chinese decided that they only had a couple of things they could do. They could submit and be raped, murdered, and robbed incessantly and relent-lessly; and the fruit of their labor would be taken by the people who would kill them and assault them. They could mount raids to go back up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:24 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.096 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1069 February 7, 2017 
to Mongolia and punish the perpetra-tors and maybe they would quit com-ing back in. They concluded that that wasn’t going to stop it. The punitive raids that were coming down into China were not going to end. So they began building the Great Wall of China. They had many segments of the Great Wall of China. It wasn’t a contin-uous 5,500 miles, as we used to declare it to be. It is now 13,000 miles long. It was segments where they thought it would do the most good. Then, by 245 B.C., that is Before Christ as Western civilization counts time, the first emperor of China, Qin Shi Huang, came to power. He decided that he would connect the segments of the Great Wall of China so it was one continuous wall. He sent the laborers to work doing that, and they com-pleted the Great Wall of China. In the last few years, the Chinese have examined that wall with satellite images and concluded it was longer than 5,500 miles. It was 13,000 miles long altogether, which means it had to be ziggity-zaggity or it would have run a long ways from there. That is an im-pressive structure. We are not talking about 13,000 miles or 5,500 miles. We are talking about 2,000 miles. And we are not talking about something that you can march troops on top of, which the Japanese surely did when they invaded China. Instead, we are talking about a bar-rier that is roughly 6 inches thick of concrete that goes up as tall as the President wants it to go with wires on top that have a signal in them. And if anyone attempts to breach the top of that wall, that signal will send it to our control stations. It will imme-diately focus enforcement to that loca-tion. It will have vibration sensors so that if anybody tries to dig underneath it, it will pick that up as well. It will have monitoring cameras and all the bells and whistles, the accessories nec-essary for us to protect all of it. It will pay for itself, and it will pay for itself likely before we even get it completed. Here are some of the reasons why. I had some law enforcement officers in my office today, and they are fight-ing the drug problems that we have in the United States. They would assert that in the upper 90th percentile is the percentage of some of the illegal drugs that come into the United States of America, like the opioids, the heroin, the methamphetamines. The ratios of those are in the 90th percentile and above. Marijuana is a little bit lower than that because Colorado and California are taking some of that market. Thanks, Colorado and California, and a number of other States. What they have done is spread marijuana in big numbers across this land, and it is a gateway drug. The illegal drugs consumed in Amer-ica, according to the Drug Enforcement Agency, are 80 to 90 percent. And these categories I am talking about with her-oin, opioids, and methamphetamines that are in the 90th percentile, they come from or through Mexico. So it doesn’t mean that they are pro-ducing them all in Mexico, but they might be produced south of Mexico. They might be produced in China and come on into Mexico and then be brought into the United States because the border is so porous. It is not just the illegal aliens. It is also the criminals, the drug smugglers, and the drug trade. The Mexican Gov-ernment has announced, in less than a decade, they have had 100,000 people who were killed in the drug wars. The drug wars are coming about because there is a huge demand in the United States for these drugs, some $60 billion market for illegal drugs in America. So that demand is being met by, in many cases, Mexicans, but also Central and South Americans who set this network up and this drug distribution chain. I asked the Drug Enforcement Agen-cy: What happens if magically tomor-row morning everybody wakes up in their home country and there is not a single illegal alien in the United States of America, not one person unlawfully present in America; what happens to the illegal drug distribution system then? They tell me it severs at least one link in every distribution chain of ille-gal drugs in America. It severs at least one link and, in some cases, every link and, in most cases, many links. That means that we have an illegal immi-gration problem and an illegal drug problem that are tied together, it cre-ates the stream within which this traf-fic flows, and it brings about the crime and the death. Mr. Speaker, we have people now who are sitting in there thinking: Well, but how did 100,000 people become victims of a drug war homicide or drug wars? How did 100,000 people get killed in Mexico? We don’t have anywhere near that level of death in the United States. Oh, we don’t categorize it that way is why. There were 762 homicides in Chi-cago last year. How many of those were drug related? Well, I would say most of them, to some degree or another. When I ask our law enforcement per-sonnel: How many people would be in prison if there was no abuse of illegal drugs or alcohol? Would there be 10 percent? Their answer is: Probably not. Prob-ably fewer than 10 percent would be the population of our prisons if we could put an end to drug abuse. Also included in that is alcohol abuse, substance abuse. So a lot of lives were lost in Mexico distributing the $60 billion worth of il-legal drugs into the U.S. economy. How about the lives lost in Chicago and the major cities when you have the drug wars, the gang wars that are fueled by drug abuse and fueled by the drug dis-tribution? That is only a small part. The 762 homicide victims in Chicago are a small part. The National Institutes of Health has some data out that shows that over 55,000 Americans died in the last fiscal year due to drug overdose. So the Mexi-cans lost 100,000 people in the drug wars over a period of less than a decade. In America, we are losing that many peo-ple in 2 years just to drug overdose; and that doesn’t count the homicide victims who are part of these drug wars that are going on in the streets of America. There is a disaster in this country. We can’t tolerate the lawlessness that exists in this country. We have to ad-dress the border security. And for those who say that we don’t need to build a wall, we can build a virtual wall, well, if you look up the word ‘‘virtual,’’ do you know what it says? ‘‘Not real.’’ It is not real. So that means, if they want to build a virtual wall, they want to build a not real wall. I recall being down there to weld some landing wall on the Arizona border with then-Secretary of Home-land Security Michael Chertoff, who I happen to appreciate his personality. He was a good enough judge to pick up the welder and weld some of that him-self with his own hand. But I welded some, and that is more my trade than it was his. I handed the welder back, and I said: Now, I have welded the literal wall here. Why don’t you hand me that vir-tual welder, and I will weld the virtual wall with that? I wanted to make my point that it didn’t work. They promoted the virtual wall under the Bush administration, and I don’t know if they actually even tried to even do that under the Obama ad-ministration. They came in and set up cameras and towers. They had ground- based radar, and they were going to track everybody that came into Amer-ica and chase them down and abduct them. They ended up with cameras lay-ing out in the desert that were never installed and a software package that was supposed to coordinate that never happened. And, in fact, hundreds of millions of dollars were wasted trying to build a virtual wall. So I say this: If you want a virtual wall, if you want to put balloons in the air, if you want to do vibration sensors in the ground, if you want to run elec-tric signals up on top of the wall, if you want to set cameras up there, I am fine. Do all of that. Let’s build the wall, as the American people demanded and chatted and as President Trump promised. Let’s build a solid, structural, reinforced, concrete wall that is thick enough and tall enough and deep enough so that it is difficult to get over, under, around or through. If we do that, we have to man it and defend it. And if we put on the accessories, the bells and whistles, the vibration sensors, the cameras, and we build a fence, a wall, and a fence so that there is a double no-man’s-land— one on either side of the wall—we can do that with far less manpower. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:22 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.098 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1070 February 7, 2017 
If I am assigned to guard my one- mile road that runs west of my house in the country in Iowa, and they hand me a contract for $67 million, I can tell you, I would build a fence, a wall, and a fence right down through the middle of that road. I would have a patrol road on either side. I would have the fences and the road ditches the way they are. I would grade that thing out so I would have fast track to patrol it. I would have sensors along there. I would make the infrastructural investment that would not be $4 million a mile. It would be someplace around that zone of a couple million dollars a mile. Then I would monitor that, and I would have some people who are as-signed to patrol it just enough that I could call in the reinforcements when we needed them. We would get a lot more than 25 percent efficiency out of that wall. We would get someplace equivalent to Israeli-level security effi-ciency if we build that entire structure end to end. Now, I have said that we don’t have to build a full 2,000 miles of it, but we have to be certain that we don’t equivocate on the mission to build it until they stop going around the end. If they stop, fine. If they don’t stop, we have got to be committed to add an-other section and another section until such time as we have completed this in the same fashion that the first emperor of China, Qin Shi Huang, did when he completed the Great Wall of China, 13,000 miles long which the armies marched on top of. Build a wall and enforce the laws that we have on the books and bring into play local law enforcement so that we can work in cooperative fashion. Every level of law enforcement has al-ways cooperated with the other levels of law enforcement. I grew up in a law enforcement family. I believe that the men around me all wore uniforms. It just was a natural thing to see. And if they weren’t in uniform, they weren’t at work. If they were either on their way or at work, coming home from work or at work, they wore uniforms. Each level of law enforcement, whether it was city police, whether it was county sheriff and deputy, whether it was highway patrol division of crimi-nal investigation—DCI in my State or DPS in a State like Texas, for exam-ple—or whether Federal officers, Fed-eral Marshals, FBI, they cooperated with each other. No one took the pos-ture that said it is not my job. When they encountered somebody violating the law, they enforced the law against them. There is Federal statute that re-inforces such a thing. Who would think that we could get to a place in this country where city police, county officers, or State law en-forcement officers would be directed to plug their ears and close their eyes— and I am saying this figuratively—and essentially not gather any information on people who are unlawfully present in the United States of America, bring-ing about the circumstances where a Kate Steinle would be murdered or where a Sarah Root would be murdered or where a Dominic Durden would be murdered, or where a Jaz Shaw would be murdered? All were murdered by criminal aliens who had no business being in this country, all who were murdered by those who had been en-countered by law enforcement and who had later on turned them loose onto the streets of America resulting in the death of these innocents, including Brandon Mendoza. There are many, many others. There are thousands of others. President Trump has said thousands of families are grieving the loss of their loved ones at the hands of illegal aliens who are violent, who should have been deported. They were not de-ported; they were turned loose on the streets of America, usually in sanc-tuary cities, sanctuary counties, sanc-tuary States. Now we have the emergence of sanc-tuary campuses or sanctuary school districts. I will make the mention that it is a quarter after 6 p.m. in Iowa now, Mr. Speaker. And in an hour and 45 minutes, the Des Moines public school board is preparing to pass a sanctuary resolution that tells all the employees of the school district that you can’t work with, cooperate, transfer, dis-seminate information, or allow access to students or family to any Federal immigration officers. It all has to go through the superintendent, and he has to approve it. They won’t even allow an ICE officer to talk to a parent of any of the students there, unless the super-intendent approves it. Of course, it is designed for him to say: No, sorry. We are going to close the door in your face, and we are a sanctuary school system, and we are going to defy Fed-eral law. b1915 Well, Mr. Speaker, we have existing laws to address this, and I want to re-mind the school district that there are a couple of sections of the code that apply, and one of them is U.S.C. 1324, harboring illegal aliens. There is a pen-alty of from 5 to 10 years for violation, depending on whether it is a class D or a class C felony. Anyone who harbors or shields from detection, including in any building or any means of transpor-tation; anyone who encourages an alien to come to, enter, or reside; anyone who engages in any conspiracy; anyone who aids or abets the commission of such crimes is guilty of a class D or a class C felony, facing potential penalty of a maximum of 5 or 10 years, depend-ing on the class. I have the section of the code here, Mr. Speaker, and I include in the R
ECORD this copy of 8 U.S.C. 1373 and also 1324. 
8 U.S. C ODE§1324—B RINGING IN AND  H
ARBORING CERTAIN ALIENS  (a) C
RIMINAL PENALTIES  (1) (A) Any person who— (i) knowing that a person is an alien, brings to or attempts to bring to the United States in any manner whatsoever such per-son at a place other than a designated port of entry or place other than as designated by the Commissioner, regardless of whether such alien has received prior official author-ization to come to, enter, or reside in the United States and regardless of any future official action which may be taken with re-spect to such alien; (ii) knowing or in reckless disregard of the fact that an alien has come to, entered, or remains in the United States in violation of law, transports, or moves or attempts to transport or move such alien within the United States by means of transportation or otherwise, in furtherance of such violation of law; (iii) knowing or in reckless disregard of the fact that an alien has come to, entered, or remains in the United States in violation of law, conceals, harbors, or shields from detec-tion, or attempts to conceal, harbor, or shield from detection, such alien in any place, including any building or any means of transportation; (iv) encourages or induces an alien to come to, enter, or reside in the United States, knowing or in reckless disregard of the fact that such coming to, entry, or residence is or will be in violation of law; or (v) (I) engages in any conspiracy to commit any of the preceding acts, or (II) aids or abets the commission of any of the preceding acts, shall be punished as provided in subpara-graph (B). (B) A person who violates subparagraph (A) shall, for each alien in respect to whom such a violation occurs— (i) in the case of a violation of subpara-graph (A)(i) or (v)(1) or in the case of a viola-tion of subparagraph (A)(ii), (iii), or (iv) in which the offense was done for the purpose of commercial advantage or private financial gain, be fined under title 18, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both; (ii) in the case of a violation of subpara-graph (A)(ii), (iii), (iv), or (v)(II), be fined under title 18, imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both; (iii) in the case of a violation of subpara-graph (A)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv), or (v) during and in relation to which the person causes seri-ous bodily injury (as defined in section 1365 of title 18 (/uscode/text/8/1365)) to, or places in jeopardy the life of any person, be fined under title 18, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. (iv) in the case of a violation of subpara-graph (A)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv), or (v) resulting in the death of any person, be punished by death or imprisoned for any term of years or for life, fined under title 18, or both. (C) It is not a violation of clauses[1](ii) or (iii) of subparagraph (A), or of clause (iv) of subparagraph (A) except where a person en-courages or induces an alien to come to or enter the United States, for a religious de-nomination having a bona fide nonprofit, re-ligious organization in the United States, or the agents or officers of such denomination or organization, to encourage, invite, call, allow, or enable an alien who is present in the United States to perform the vocation of a minister or missionary for the denomina-tion or organization in the United States as a volunteer who is not compensated as an employee, notwithstanding the provision of room, board, travel, medical assistance, and other basic living expenses, provided the minister or missionary has been a member of the denomination for at least one year. (2) Any person who, knowing or in reckless disregard of the fact that an alien has not re-ceived prior official authorization to come to, enter, or reside in the United States, brings to or attempts to bring to the United 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:17 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.099 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1071 February 7, 2017 
States in any manner whatsoever, such alien, regardless of any official action which may later be taken with respect to such alien shall, for each alien in respect to whom a violation of this paragraph occurs— (A) be fined in accordance with title 18 or imprisoned not more than one year, or both; or (B) in the case of— (i) an offense committed with the intent or with reason to believe that the alien unlaw-fully brought into the United States will commit an offense against the United States or any State punishable by imprisonment for more than 1 year, (ii) an offense done for the pupose of com-mercial advantage or private financial gain, or (iii) an offense in which the alien is not upon arrival immediately brought and pre-sented to an appropriate immigration officer at a designated port of entry, be fined under title 18 and shall be impris-oned, in the case of a first or second viola-tion of subparagraph (B)(ii), not more than 10 years, in the case of a first or second vio-lation of subparagraph (B)(i) or B(ii), not less than 3 nor more than 10 years, and for any other violation, not less than 5 nor more than 15 years. (3) (A) Any person who, during any 12-month period, knowingly hires for employment at least 10 individuals with actual knowledge that the individuals are aliens described in subparagraph (B) shall be fined under title 18 or imprisoned for not more than 5 years, or both. (B) An alien described in this subparagraph is an alien who— (i) is an unauthorized alien (as defined in section 1324a(h)(3) of this title (/uscode/text/8/ iii.usc:t:8:s:1324a:h:3)), and (ii) has been brought into the United States in violation of this subsection. (4) In the case of a person who has brought aliens into the United States in violation of this subsection, the sentence otherwise pro-vided for may be increased by up to 10 years if— (A) the offense was part of an ongoing com-mercial organization or enterprise; (B) aliens were transported in groups of 10 or more; and (C) (i) aliens were transported in a manner that endangered their lives; or (ii) the aliens presented a life-threatening health risk to people in the United States. (b) Seizure and Forfeiture (1) I
N GENERAL  My conveyance, including any vessel vehi-cle, or aircraft, that has been or is being used in the commission of a violation of sub-section (a), the gross proceeds of such viola-tion, and any property traceable to such con-veyance or proceeds, shall be seized and sub-ject to forfeiture. (2) A
PPLICABLE PROCEDURES  Seizures and forfeitures under this sub-section shall be governed by the provisions of chapter 46 of title 18 (/uscode/text/18/ lii:usc:t:18:ch:46) relating to civil forfeitures, including section 981(d) of such title, except that such duties as are imposed upon the Secretary of the Treasury under the customs laws described in that section shall be per-formed by such officers, agents, and other persons as may be designated for that pur-pose by the Attorney General. (3) P
RIMA FACIE EVIDENCE IN DETERMINA -
TIONS OF VIOLATIONS In determining whether a violation of subsection (a) has occurred, any of the following shall be prima facie evi-dence that an alien involved in the alleged violation had not received prior official au-thorization to come to, enter, or reside in the United States or that such alien had come to, entered, or remained in the United States in violation of law: (A) Records of any judicial or administra-tive proceeding in which that alien’s status was an issue and in which it was determined that the alien had not received prior official authorization to come to, enter, or reside in the United States or that such alien had come to, entered, or remained in the United States in violation of law. (B) Official records of the Service or of the Department of State showing that the alien had not received prior official authorization to come to, enter, or reside in the United States or that such alien had come to, en-tered, or remained in the United States in violation of law. (C) Testimony, by an migration officer having personal knowledge of the facts con-cerning that alien’s status, that the alien had not received prior official authorization to come to, enter. or reside in the United States or that such alien had come to, en-tered, or remained in the United States in violation of law. (c) AUTHORITY TO ARREST  No officer or person shall have authority to make any arrests for a violation of any provision of this section except officers and employees of the Service designated by the Attorney General, either individually or as a member of a class, and all other officers whose duty it is to enforce criminal laws. (d) A
DMISSIBILITY OF VIDEOTAPED WITNESS  
TESTIMONY  Notwithstanding any provision of the Fed-eral Rules of Evidence, the videotaped (or otherwise audiovisually preserved) deposi-tion of a witness to a violation of subsection (a) who has been deported or otherwise ex-pelled from the United States, or is other-wise unable to testify, may be admitted into evidence in an action brought for that viola-tion if the witness was available for cross ex-amination and the deposition otherwise com-plies with the Federal Rules of Evidence. (e) O
UTREACH PROGRAM  The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General and the Secretary of State, as appropriate, shall develop and implement an outreach program to educate the public in the United States and abroad about the penalties for bringing in and harboring aliens in violation of this section. (June 27, 1952, ch. 477, title II, ch. 8, 274,66 Stat. 228 (http://uscode.house.gov/ statviewer.htm?volume=66page=228); Pub. L.95–582 (http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/ bdquery/L?d095:./list/bd/ d095pl.lst:582(PubliclLaws)), §2, Nov. 2, 1978, 92 Stat. 2479 (http://uscode.house.gov/ statviewer.htm?volume=92&page=2479); Pub. L.97–116 (http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/ bdquery/L?d097:./list/bd/ d097p1.lst:116(PubliclLaws)), §12 Dec. 29, 1981, 95 Stat. 1617 (http://uscode.house.gov/ statviewer.htm?volume=95&page=1617); Pub.L. 99–603, title I http://thomas.loc.gov/ cgi-bin/bdquery/L?d099:./list/bd/ d099pl.lst:603(PubliclLaws)), §112, Nov. 6, 1986, 100 Stat. 3381 (http://uscode.house.gov/ statviewer.htm?volume=100&page=3381); Pub.L. 100–525, (http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-bin/ bdquery/L?d100:./list/bd/ d100p1.lst:525(PubliclLaws)), §2(d), Oct. 24, 1988, 102 Stat. 2610 (http://uscode.house.gov/ statviewer.htm?volume=102&page=2610); Pub. L. 103–322, title VI (http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi- bin/bdquery/L?d103:list/bd/ d103pl.lst:322(PubliclLaws)), §60024Sept. 13, 1994, 108 Stat. 1981 (http://uscode.house.gov/ statviewer.htm?volume=108&page=1981); Pub.L. 104–208, div. C, title II (http:// www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/PLAW-104publ208/ html/PLAW-104publ208.htm), §§203(a)–(d), 219 title VI, §671(a)(1), Sept. 30, 1996, 110 Stat. 3009–565 (http://uscode.house.gov/ statviewer.htm?volume=110&page=3009-565), 3009–566, 3009–574, 3009–720; Pub. L. 106–185 (http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/PLAW- 106publ185/htm/PLAW-106publ185.htm), §18(a), Apr. 25, 2000, 114 Stat 222 (http:// uscode.house.gov/ statviewer.htm?volume=114&page=222); Pub. L. 108–458, title V (http://www.gov.gov/fdsys/ pkg/PLAW-108publ458/htm/PLAW- 108publ458.htm), §5401, Dec. 17, 2004, 118 Stat. 3737 (http://uscode.house.gov/ statviewer.htm?volume=118&page=3737); Pub. L. 109–497, title VII (http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/ pkg/PLAW-109publ97/html/PLAW- 109publ97.htm), §796, Nov. 10, 2005, 119 Stat. 2165 (http://uscode.house.gov/ statviewer.htm?volume=119&page=2165).) Mr. KING of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, 8 U.S.C. 1373 addresses sanctuary cities, and it prohibits the sanctuary jurisdic-tions by Federal law. And that is ex-actly what they intend to carve out at 8 o’clock tonight in Des Moines, Iowa, to establish themselves as a sanctuary jurisdiction for the entire school dis-trict, the largest school district in the State of Iowa—not the most proficient in educating our precious Iowa stu-dents, but the largest. So they make a political statement just at the time when the President has said that he is prepared to suspend all Federal dollars going to sanctuary jurisdictions, and that would include school districts and it would include, of course, cities and counties and States and any campus that decides they want to be a sanctuary campus. This President will keep his word. I would equate this showdown that they are building here, thinking that they can stare the President down and that he will blink and that somehow he won’t have the nerve to address sanc-tuaries, the law-defined jurisdictions in America, the hole-in-the-wall gang holed up in San Francisco with more people being murdered in San Fran-cisco—when I say ‘‘hole-in-the-wall gang,’’ I want to remind people, Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid, they had a place in a canyon where you ride through a hole in the wall, and then they had a sanctuary for robbers and murderers and killers, but they had a code among them that they didn’t kill each other very often. So they lived in this sanctuary. They were protected from the law; and they guarded and protected each other, and they guarded the notch through the stone wall in the canyon. That is what these cities are and what the campuses are and some of the States and the counties, sanctuary ju-risdictions like the hole-in-the-wall gang where they are harboring lawbreakers. Somehow, we are sup-posed to let this grow in America and not address it? We had a Presidential election that focused exactly on this. And, by the way, I brought amend-ments to the floor time after time to defund these sanctuary jurisdictions. Every one of them here in the House of Representatives since I have been here has succeeded. There is no unconstitu-tional act and no amnesty act that has been unchallenged here in the House of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:17 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.050 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1072 February 7, 2017 
Representatives—by amendment, at least—that I and others have brought. Every time the rule of law prevailed. Now we have elected a President on the rule of law, and this President will not blink. I will remind the public as I speak to you, Mr. Speaker, that when Ronald Reagan was elected President, the air traffic controllers decided they would go out on strike. The President warned them: If you go on strike, you have got a contract, and you are, by law, prohibited from striking because it puts too many people at risk. They said: Too bad. If we don’t get what we demand, we are going on strike anyway. They challenged the President of the United States. And what did Ronald Reagan do? He said: If you don’t go back to work on the date that I tell you, I will fire anyone that doesn’t show up. And so they called the President, thinking it was a bluff. Mr. Speaker, it wasn’t a bluff. Ronald Reagan fired every air traffic controller that didn’t show up for work in defiance of the Federal law, and he put the military air traffic controllers to work to con-trol the skies over America without one single fatal accident brought about by any of that. Ronald Reagan was called out by the air traffic controllers. They thought he was bluffing. He was not bluffing. Now we have jurisdiction after juris-diction that think they are going to be leading a national movement to accel-erate the sanctuary city jurisdiction endeavor, and they think that Presi-dent Trump is going to back up from them because there are a lot of them and somehow he won’t be able to take this on. I will submit this: If Ronald Reagan had blinked in the stare down between the air traffic controllers union, his Presidency would have collapsed. His power base would have diminished. He would have been an asterisk in history except for the snickers behind the hand of people that would have laughed at him because he would have caved in the face of first adversity. Donald Trump faces a similar cir-cumstance here with sanctuary juris-dictions. He has no choice. If he is going to have an effective Presidency— and I guarantee you, he is committed to an effective Presidency—there will be no sanctuary jurisdiction left in this country within several months or a year as this grinds through and as peo-ple like Mayor Rahm Emanuel are brought to bear and they begin to be reminded by, hopefully, the new Attor-ney General, maybe as soon as tomor-row, J
EFFSESSIONS , that 8 U.S.C. 1324 means what it says: It is a felony to conceal, harbor, or shield from detec-tion or attempt to conceal, harbor, or shield from detection any such alien in any place, including a building or transportation—meaning anywhere. It is a serious felony. 8 U.S.C. 1373, sanctuary cities, just the policy is a violation of Federal law. And then when you have control of the purse strings, Mr. Speaker, and you cut off the Federal funds going to these ju-risdictions, there isn’t hardly anybody that is going to face this. I think I would start with maybe the mayor of Chicago, then the mayor of New York. I bet he can communicate with Mayor de Blasio. The center of it all is this: Restore the respect for the rule of law. You have to enforce it if you are going to have laws. Once we do that, we will re-spect each other and America can go back to its constitutional foundation, and we can turn our focus to building our families, restoring our country, and helping other countries get up to speed into the first world. Mexico can get to the first world, but they can’t be there if it is going to be corrupt. They can’t be there if they are going to be the main provider of $60 bil-lion worth of illegal drugs in this coun-try. They can’t face another 100,000 people murdered, we can’t face 55,000 drug overdose deaths in this country every year, and I haven’t yet men-tioned even the terrorists that are sneaking across that border on at least an irregular basis. Mr. Speaker, it is serious business, and I urge that we get this done. I urge that the American people follow through and encourage the President of the United States, let’s end DACA, let’s end DAPA, and let’s end the sanc-tuary jurisdictions. Build a wall. Amer-ica will be in a better place. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the atten-tion and your ear this evening. It has been my honor to address you here on the floor of the House of Representa-tives. I yield back the balance of my time. f 
HIGHLIGHTS OF THE WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. M
AST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair rec-ognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I great-ly appreciate my friend, colleague—ac-tually, dear friend—S
TEVE KING, and his points he is making—right on track. I hesitated for a number of days now about making public reference to this, but it needs to be addressed and it needs to be looked at, and people need to be aware so that mistakes do not continue to be made. This is a story from John Stanton, February 2, 2017, BuzzFeed: ‘‘Congressional IT Staff Under Investigation In Alleged Pro-curement Scam.’’ And this is February 2, so several days ago—5 days ago. It says: ‘‘A law-maker briefed on the matter had said House officials had told staff from af-fected offices that contractors had been arrested, but late Thursday night US Capitol Police spokesperson Eva Malecki told BuzzFeed News that no arrest had been made. The USCP is in-vestigating House IT support staff.’’ Now, that is the technologically pro-ficient staff members that work on congressional computers, that work on our technology, so it was quite dis-turbing to see this some days back. This says: ‘‘Five men who had access to the House of Representatives’ entire computer network are under investiga-tion Thursday evening following a months-long investigation by federal law enforcement officials, according to a lawmaker briefed on the raid.’’ Well, it sure wasn’t me because I didn’t know anything about this until I read it a few days ago. ‘‘Although the lawmaker said House officials had told staff from affected of-fices that contractors had been ar-rested, late Thursday night, US Capitol Police spokesperson Eva Malecki told BuzzFeed News that no arrest had been made, but that USCP are investigating members of the House IT support staff. ‘‘‘At the request of Members of Con-gress, the United States Capitol Police are investigating the actions of House IT support staff,’ Malecki said in a statement. ‘No Members are being in-vestigated. No arrests have been made. It should be noted that, administra-tively, House staff were asked to up-date their security settings as a best practice. We have no further comment on the ongoing investigation at this time.’ ‘‘According to the member, the chiefs of staff for 20 lawmakers were sum-moned to a closed-door meeting with House administration officials, who briefed them on the incidents. The chiefs were told the men were con-ducting a procurement scam, although officials acknowledged the men—whose staff were told were brothers—had ac-cess to virtually all of the computer systems used by the affected law-makers. Members were also told Thurs-day night to change the passwords to their email and other applications. ‘‘The news has rattled nerves on Cap-itol Hill, especially after the series of high-profile political hackings over the last year. ‘They said it was some sort of procurement scam, but now I’m con-cerned that they may have stolen data from us, emails, who knows,’ the law-maker said.’’ Then this was added: ‘‘This post has been updated and corrected with new information from US Capitol Police, which said no arrests have been made but there is an active investigation on-going into IT staff who were involved in alleged procurement scam. A law-maker briefed on the situation had told BuzzFeed News that arrests were made.’’ And then yesterday we had this up-date from Politico, ‘‘House staffers under criminal investigations still em-ployed,’’ by Heather Caygle. ‘‘Multiple Democratic lawmakers have yet to cut ties with House staffers under criminal investigation for wide- ranging equipment and data theft. ‘‘Imran Awan, a longtime House staffer who worked for more than two dozen Democrats since 2004, is still em-ployed by Rep. Debbie Wasserman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.102 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1073 February 7, 2017 
Schultz, though his access to the House IT network has been blocked since last week. ‘‘‘At this time we are continuing to gather information from House offi-cials and will determine the best ap-proach to move forward once we have reviewed that information,’ David Damron, communications director for Wasserman Schultz, said in an email when asked by POLITICO if Awan was still working for the Florida Demo-crat.’’ b1930 Mr. Speaker, I might insert par-enthetically that although you can’t judge much from a name, one can’t help but wonder, because of all of the outcry about the Russians, if maybe these brothers—well, I started to ask— have some Russian connection, but there doesn’t appear to be any. ‘‘Multiple relatives of Imran Awan, including his wife Hina Alvi, Abid Awan and Jamal Awan—all House staffers until recently—are also being investigated in connection to the al-leged procurement scam, according to a senior House official close to the in-vestigation. ‘‘Alvi has worked for more than a dozen House Democrats and the House Democratic Caucus since 2007. At least one member, Rep. G
REGORY MEEKS , New York, is still employing her. ‘‘‘My office is in the process of gath-ering information to make a deter-mination in the near future about the employment of Ms. Alvi with our of-fice,’ Meeks said Monday in a state-ment to POLITICO. ‘‘Five House staffers are accused of stealing equipment from members’ of-fices without their knowledge and com-mitting serious, potentially illegal, violations on the House IT network, according to multiple sources briefed on the investigation. ‘‘Top staffers for lawmakers im-pacted by the scam were briefed last Thursday. A source in the briefing said the Sergeant-at-Arms confirmed the U.S. Capitol Police is conducting an ac-tive criminal investigation but said no arrests have been made. ‘‘Imran Awan was first employed on Capitol Hill by former Rep. Robert Wexler in January 2004 as an ‘informa-tion technology director.’ Awan has worked for at least 25 other House Democrats since that time as a shared employee providing technical support including to previous House Demo-cratic Caucus Chairman Xavier Becerra, currently the California attor-ney general. ‘‘Imran Awan has a longtime rela-tionship with some members, including working for Meeks and Becerra start-ing in 2004 and joining Wasserman Schultz’s office in 2005. ‘‘Several Members who have em-ployed Imran Awan and Alvi in the past confirmed to POLITICO they ter-minated their employment late last week. ‘‘Jamal Awan worked as a House IT staffer for more than half-dozen House Democrats since 2014, according to LegiStorm, a website that tracks con-gressional employment. Abid Awan worked for more than a dozen House Democrats as a systems administrator since 2005, according to congressional records. ‘‘Another House staff with connec-tions to Imran Awan is also under in-vestigation, according to the senior House official. ‘‘No one named in this POLITICO re-port as being under investigation re-turned multiple calls and emails re-questing comment over the past sev-eral days.’’ Capitol Police have not returned calls. So it is extremely disconcerting. All of us have to hire people to help us with our jobs, and most all of us need computer assistants. I can’t help but reflect back, there is a new policy last year that was instituted that requires every employee that may have access to the computer systems, the massive databases and emails of Members, such confidential information, they need a background check, but at the same time, there was the requirement that had to be certified by the Member or the administration officer in a congres-sional office, you either certify that this person has had the required back-ground check to be allowed to access this confidential information on com-puters in the congressional offices. Some of these Members were part of the Intelligence Committee having ac-cess to top secret information. So this is quite serious. There was another—there were two possibilities. One, you certify this per-son had the proper background check done. And, number two—it was an ‘‘or in the alternative’’—if this person works for more than one person—which computer personnel often do because you don’t need them full-time, you just need them when something goes wrong or perhaps when they’re needing to break into your computer and steal your data—you could sign and certify that this person works for more than one Member of Congress. Therefore, I don’t believe the background check is necessary. So I hope all of my colleagues will make note that there may be people on the Hill that don’t have the best inten-tions with our computer data, includ-ing access to classified information. So no matter who they are, even if some-body is worried, because of their back-ground or where they were born, that somebody might scream bias or preju-dice, we just need to have everyone who has access to classified informa-tion to have a background check even if they work for multiple people. We just need to do that. Lessons, appar-ently, are still being learned in that re-gard. As we continue to hear from some friends here in Washington and some going nuts around the country about a Muslim ban, which is completely false and completely untrue, something we are not hearing a lot about is the hor-rors being experienced by Christians in the Middle East. Even Secretary John Kerry had acknowledged there was an effort, a genocide, in other words, an effort to wipe out every Christian be-cause of their religious beliefs in the Middle East. So you would think that if we were going to be the big-hearted nation, which we have repeatedly been throughout history—not always, but certainly most of the time, more than any other nation in history—then you would think that our hearts would go out to the Christians being persecuted in far greater percentages than any other religious or racial group in the Middle East. Yet this story from Townhall, ‘‘Christians Were Persecuted In Every Corner of Globe in 2016,’’ points out: ‘‘Not only did the persecution of Chris-tians increase in 2016, it also spread to every corner of the globe, according to Open Doors USA’s latest World Watch List. ‘‘The annual report ranks the worst 50 countries for Christians trying to live out their faith, and while some findings are not surprising, like North Korea topping the list for the 16th con-secutive year, the group is troubled by the overall rise in the number of inci-dents considered persecution.’’ It is getting worse than ever. Of course, the current Secretary-General, when asked a year and a half or so ago why the percentage of Christian refu-gees from the Middle East being helped is so much lower than the actual per-centage of Christians living in the area, his response was, in essence, that, well, they were so historically impor-tant to the areas in which they lived, it was important that they be left there. In other words, we need to leave them where they are being murdered to ex-tinction. Then that guy with that kind of sen-sitivity for a genocide gets promoted to be Secretary-General of the U.N., which, to me, is all the more reason it is time to get out of the United Na-tions. Since a Rockefeller Foundation of some kind controls the land and it is to be used by the U.N., as long as the U.N. remains the main headquarters, then all we have to do is start denying visas and privileges to come in until we have extreme vetting for people that may be improperly using their posi-tions at the U.N. If that proves too much of a burden, then they can go to Brussels or Istanbul or wherever. We might as well let them go to Syria. That seems to be where they want to be most involved, I guess. It was certainly worth noting Jordan Schachtel in Conservative Review has pointed out: ‘‘The Middle East country of Kuwait issued its own ‘Muslim ban’ in 2011, citing the ‘instability’ from several terror hotbeds in the Middle East.’’ That is rather interesting because the United States has not and does not have a Muslim ban at all. Christians, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.103 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1074 February 7, 2017 
atheists, Jews, and Hindus were all just as prohibited as any Muslim from the seven countries that the Obama admin-istration named as being troubled. And the Trump administration didn’t just name them as troubled; it actually took action and did something about it. We have this story from Liam Dea-con, Breitbart, that the Islamic State is paying migrants smuggling fees for them if they join a jihad. So more good news. As President Trump is trying to protect America, more stories emerge that make what President Trump did even more important. I was hearing something on FOX News. They had a panel. There was one panel member that repeated—and I know she didn’t mean it to inten-tionally misrepresent the facts, but she did in saying that no one has been ar-rested from one of those seven coun-tries for any terrorist activity. Or maybe she said not committed any. So it seems that it is worth taking a look at Neil Munro’s article from Breitbart: ‘‘Seattle Judge Was Igno-rant About Jihad Convictions Prior to Imposing Refugee Reform Ban.’’ ‘‘The Seattle judge who temporarily banned the White House’s refugee re-form plan acted after mistakenly claiming the federal government has not arrested jihadi migrants from the seven Muslim countries covered by the reform. ‘‘But the federal government has ar-rested and jailed at least 76 people since 2001 from the seven countries cov-ered in the first stage of the president’s reform, which was announced late Jan-uary. ‘‘That fact means there is a huge error in the judge’s rationale for im-posing a ‘Temporary Restraining Order’ ban on the president’s popular reform of the expensive refugee and im-migration programs. ‘‘In a hearing before the decision, Judge James Robart told a lawyer from the Department of Justice that the fed-eral government has not arrested peo-ple since 2001 from any of the seven countries named in the reform, since the 2001 atrocity in New York. ‘How many arrests have there been of for-eign nationals for those seven coun-tries since 9/11?’ he asked. ‘‘The justice department’s lawyer re-plied, ‘Your Honor, I don’t have that information,’ prompting Robart to an-swer his own question.’’ The judge said: ‘‘Let me tell, you, the answer to that is none, as best I can tell. You’re here arguing on behalf of someone that says we have to protect the United States from these individ-uals coming from these countries and there’s no support for that.’’ b1945 All of us are ignorant of some areas. What is incredibly problematic is when you have a judicial official, a Federal judge with a lifetime appointment not only ignorant, but uses his ignorance as the basis of an illegal, unconstitu-tional order and then adds arrogance to his ignorance. This is shear, unadulter-ated, arrogant ignorance by Judge Robart. So, as a former judge and chief jus-tice, I can sure understand someone who is not a lawyer or somebody who was a lawyer and somebody who was a former judge or even a current judge saying this is a so-called judge. You would like to think that judges, if they are going to be arrogant, they will be arrogant about their knowledge in some area that others don’t have, in-stead of being arrogant about igno-rance that puts the American public in jeopardy. The Constitution and the laws passed by this Congress and signed by our President make clear that the Presi-dent has the authority to do exactly what he did. Whether you like it or not, whether I like it or not, he does have that authority, based on our na-tional security, because we gave it to him. What we did not give the President was authority to do an amnesty pro-gram, as President Obama pointed out more than 20 times. He just didn’t have authority to do what he ultimately did when he realized the Senate would not work with the House to stop him. A judge who should know better and who is allowed to remain a judge only so long as he is acting in good conduct appears to be acting in very bad con-duct. A database was built by the Senate’s Immigration Subcommittee. Why would they have to build this? Because President Obama made sure that his administration kept as much secret as they could about who was operating as terrorists in America. Not only that, when some of us would try to gather such information like my repeated requests to the Obama admin-istration and to the Justice Depart-ment, Would you let Congress have the documents that you gave to people convicted of terrorism in the Holy Land Foundation discovery phase, we repeatedly were shunned, and there was just repeated obfuscation. They did not produce what they should have, and America is more at risk now than it has been in a long time. So what can we expect from the Ninth Circuit? Well, they have a his-tory of not following the Constitution, not following precedent. They are rath-er liberal. I am hoping we can do some-thing about that circuit. I would like to restrict their jurisdiction to con-troversies that arise in their building. We have total authority to eliminate them. I see I am joined by my friend, Mr. R
OHRABACHER . I didn’t know if the gen-tleman desires to speak. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I will speak after the gentleman com-pletes, but I would also just like to note that I agree with everything that he has been talking about for the last 20 minutes. I hope the American people start paying attention. The fact is, the two of us are in a very small cadre of patriots that have been here in Washington for the last 20 years trying to stop this massive flow of illegal immigrants into our country, realizing that this doesn’t only mean that people’s wages would go down be-cause we have people bidding down the wages of our people, not only is the crime in our area worse, not only is the money being drained from our health systems and schools—money that should be going to our own citizens are going to illegals—as we have always re-alized, with a flood of illegals into our country, some of the people riding that wave of illegals are terrorists who mean to destroy the American way of life and would kill our people in order to terrorize our Nation into retreat from involvement in the world. I have been very honored to stand with the gentleman from Texas in these battles over these last 20 years. I would hope that the election of Presi-dent Donald Trump reflects the fact that the American people are waking up to the significance of this issue. We see people on the Senate side shedding tears for a temporary halt in immigration from areas where ter-rorism is known to exist and radical Is-lamic terrorism exists there. But they are shedding tears that a couple of hundred people, yes, were put in a bad situation. A couple of other lives were disrupted. They were innocent people. But in order to save American lives, we are not going to put foreigners who are trying to come here at some kind of discomfort? Well, I think Donald Trump has demonstrated his primary objective is to secure the safety of the people of the United States of America. I have been so proud to stand with the gentleman from Texas in getting behind Mr. Trump on this very impor-tant goal. Mr. GOHMERT. I am so grateful to my friend from California. We have traveled around the world and stood for people who weren’t able to stand for themselves, and I look forward to con-tinue doing that. Just to continue on, Ken Klukowski has a terrific article, ‘‘Travesty of Legal Errors in Immigration EO Law-suit.’’ It is a great article pointing out problems with Judge Robart’s decision. Then, this article from Hans von Spakovsky on February 6 from Daily Signal, he points out: ‘‘This fact is obvious from an exam-ination of his seven-page order, which contains absolutely no discussion whatsoever of what law or constitu-tional provision the president has sup-posedly violated. That temporary re-straining order is now on an emergency appeal before a panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.’’ It contrasts a 21-page opinion issued by Massachusetts District Court Judge Nathaniel Gorton. ‘‘Unlike Robart, who totally ignored the federal statute, 8 U.S.C. 1182(f), cited by Trump in his executive order, Gorton bases his deci-sion denying the temporary restraining 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.105 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1075 February 7, 2017 
order on an examination of the exten-sive power given to the president under that statute. . . . ’’ The article goes on: ‘‘That is exactly what the president has done.’’ Whether you agree or disagree, he had the power to do it. The order signed on January 27 on Protecting the Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry into the United States suspends for only 90 days, unlike the 180 days President Obama did for Iran, the issuance of visas to anyone—not Muslims—just to anyone from those countries of concern as classified by the Obama administration. And then Gorton goes on to make further notes, saying ‘‘the decision to prevent aliens from entering the coun-try is a ‘fundamental sovereign at-tribute’ realized through the legisla-tive and executive branches that is ‘largely immune from judicial con-trol.’’’ And then it goes on in this article to quote the Supreme Court. ‘‘Robart’s opinion ends with a claim that seems like a joke. ‘‘He says that ‘fundamental’ to his work is ‘a vigilant recognition that— the court—is but one of three equal branches of our federal government. The work of the court is not to create policy or judge the wisdom of any par-ticular policy promoted by the other two branches. ‘‘Instead, says Robart, his job is ‘lim-ited’ to ‘ensuring that the actions taken by the other two branches com-port with our country’s law, and more importantly, our Constitution.’’’ That shows that he intentionally and knowingly abused his authority as a judge by not citing either one. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
FEDERAL MARIJUANA POLICY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OHR-
ABACHER ) for 30 minutes. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to ask my colleagues to join me in the legislation that I have submitted today, which is the Respect State Marijuana Laws Act. For too long, Washington’s decision-makers have pursued the same policies over a whole range of issues without regard for whether those policies are actually beneficial to the American people. In fact, they continue to sup-port policies that have utterly failed— many of these things—because the in-tent sounds so good. So, over and over again, we see failed policies remain in place, wasting money. Rather than evaluating the reason for the policy failures and ulti-mately deciding to change course in Washington, the habit has been simply doubling down on regulations, per-sonnel, and tax dollars spent, believing that that will have and bring a dif-ferent outcome. Last November, the American people registered their dissatisfaction with this way of thinking by electing Don-ald Trump to the Presidency. President Trump’s statements on the campaign trail loudly and aggressively challenged the status quo. We haven’t had someone here shaking up the sta-tus quo for a long time, but he did so by promising to revisit a whole host of failed Federal policies that have been crying out for attention for years and, in some cases, decades. Once such failed policy has been the U.S. Government spending billions of dollars and wasting the time of Federal employees—hundreds of thousands, if not maybe tens of thousands of Federal employees—in order to prevent adults from smoking a weed, marijuana. Candidate Trump told the voters this was an issue to be left up to the States, especially when it comes to medical marijuana. At a 2015 rally in Sparks, Nevada, then-Candidate Trump said: ‘‘Marijuana is such a big thing. I think medical should happen—right? Don’t we agree? I think so. And then I really believe we should leave it up to the states.’’ It should be a State situation, I think. ‘‘In terms of marijuana and legaliza-tion, I think that should be a state issue, state-by-state.’’ I could not agree more with the President. Indeed, it is the very ap-proach that I have advocated for sev-eral years. In this vein, I have reintroduced today, as I said, the Respect State Marijuana Laws Act earlier today, along with Republican colleagues TOM M
CCLINTOCK , TEDYOHO, DONYOUNG , D
UNCAN HUNTER , JUSTIN AMASH , and T
OMMASSIE , as well as Democratic col-leagues S
TEVE COHEN , M ARK POCAN , E
ARLBLUMENAUER , DINATITUS, JARED  P
OLIS, and B ARBARA LEE. My bill, which has not received a des-ignation yet but is entitled the ‘‘Re-spect State Marijuana Laws Act,’’ will permit residents to participate within the confines of a State’s medical and recreational marijuana program with-out running afoul of Federal law. Admittedly, my personal preference would be to lift the Federal Govern-ment’s prohibition on marijuana en-tirely. However, I understand that this approach would be a nonstarter for many of my colleagues, which is why I have promoted an approach that sim-ply gives the States and their residents the room they need to take a different approach to this issue, should they choose to take that different approach. Under my proposal, if a resident or business acts outside the boundaries set by a particular State, or if a State has chosen not to allow medical or rec-reational use of marijuana by their residents, the Federal Government would still be empowered to enforce Federal law in those instances. If that is what the people of the State want— it to be legal—the Federal Government can still get involved. Of course, the number of States that have resisted the shift in national opin-ion on this issue is small. To date, 44 States, including D.C., Guam, and Puerto Rico, have enacted laws that allow, to a varying degree, the cultiva-tion, sale, and use of marijuana for medical or recreational purposes. For those States and territories that have discarded strict marijuana prohibition, my bill would align Federal policy ac-cordingly. b2000 This is to those States and the people of those States who have decided they don’t want the marijuana prohibition. My bill would then make sure that Federal law is aligned with the States’ and the people in those States’ desires so that the residents and businesses wouldn’t have to worry about Federal prosecution. For those few States that have thus far maintained a policy of strict prohibition, my bill would change nothing. I think that this is a reasonable compromise that places the primary responsibility of police powers back in the States and the local com-munities that are most directly af-fected. Over the past few years, the disparity between State and Federal marijuana policies has confused and stifled bank-ing, proper taxation, research, natural resources development, law enforce-ment, and related activities. A pleth-ora of bills, many of which I have hap-pily cosponsored, have been introduced in the House to tackle these problems on an issue-by-issue basis. However, my bill is the only one that would solve all these problems in one fell swoop. My bill is short, straightforward, and easy to understand. It amends the Con-trolled Substances Act to add a new rule that reads as follows: ‘‘Notwith-standing any other provision of law, the provisions of this subchapter re-lated to marijuana shall not apply to any person acting in compliance with State laws relating to the production, possession, distribution, dispensation, or administration or delivery of mari-juana.’’ The major difficulties that landlords, dispensaries, banks, and others find themselves in in those States where the majority of people—maybe the vast majority of people—have voted to make marijuana legal in their borders stems from the fact that the Federal Government law considers that activ-ity still illegal. By explicitly stating that as long as these folks are fol-lowing the State law, their actions are, by definition, not illegal to the Federal Government, if we do that, many of these obstacles, many of these confu-sions that people have to deal with in those States, in the States where peo-ple have voted to make sure they don’t want marijuana illegal, well, their problems and the complications, the banking rules and everything else would be solved immediately. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.106 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1076 February 7, 2017 
Now that we have established Presi-dent Trump’s policy preference as it re-lates to this issue, which is he believes it should be left up to the States, as well as my legislative proposal, let us turn to the reasons why Federal policy ought to change. First, as a matter of philosophy, I, as a constitutional conservative, have great faith in the ideals articulated by our Founding Fathers. Their experi-ence with the British monarchy, an all- powerful, centralized British Govern-ment in which people had little rep-resentation and no right to control their own lives and liberty, led them to establish—meaning, led our Founding Fathers to establish—a decentralized system of government, totally different from that of the British, that their government was meant to protect the freedoms of the citizenry. One of the most important tenets of this system of government was the idea that nearly all police power should be reserved to and exercised by the State and local governments. Yet today, Con-gress continues to fund an enormous Federal bureaucracy that is built around the idea that we—meaning, the Federal Government—can and should regulate what people may or may not choose to consume and has justified the Federal Government’s establishing a Federal police force and justified Federal police actions directly on the citizens throughout our country. This is totally contrary to what our Founding Fathers meant. There was never an intent to have criminal law being taken care of by the Federal Gov-ernment. All of our Founding Fathers would have opposed it and today would be supporting my legislation by bring-ing things back to the ideals which they had in mind of limited govern-ment, especially limiting the Federal Government’s control directly over our lives. Tragically, these laws, the laws which have been implemented and the laws that have been encouraged by the Federal Government, these laws con-cerning marijuana, disproportionately impact on the poorest communities in our country. There is an incorrect per-ception that poor people, particularly people of color, disproportionately break Federal marijuana laws, leading to their disproportionate representa-tion in Federal prisons. However, as I indicated, that is an incorrect percep-tion. Statistics show that affluent citizens are just as likely to grow, sell, and use marijuana illegally as poor citizens. The sad difference between these two, however, is that the poorest among us are somehow unable to avoid prison time for similar offenses. There is much that can be said about why this is. Some may respond to this unfairness with the idea that we should just lock up more of the affluent young people and older people as frequently as we lock up their poor counterparts. Well, I happen to believe that the Federal Government shouldn’t be lock-ing up anyone for making a decision of what he or she should privately con-sume, whether that person is rich or poor, and we should never be giving people the excuse, especially Federal authorities, that they have a right to stop people or intrude into their lives in order to prevent them and prevent others from smoking a weed, con-suming something they personally want to consume. We have been down this path before, of course. In the 1920s, a coalition of progressives and evangelical Christians thought it would be a good idea to in-stitute a national prohibition on alco-hol, which was something else that people can do in excess—and do in ex-cess—which hurts them when they do it in excess or when they do it when they are not totally in control, and they hurt their lives. People do hurt their lives on alcohol, no doubt about it, just like in all these other drugs and just as some people do on sugar, for example. But the motives of the movement, no matter how well intended, indeed, certainly they want-ed to help the people that they were going to stop from drinking. But like most efforts to limit freedom, the free-dom of Americans, they ultimately succeeded in convincing—they did con-vince—the country to enact an amend-ment to the Constitution that actually prohibited the production and sale of alcohol in the United States. What happened? Well, predictably, the policy failed at achieving its in-tended goal, which is trying to prevent people from consuming a liquid intoxi-cant, alcohol; and instead of just achieving that goal, instead it resulted in a torrent of collateral damage that harmed everybody in this country and created problems that we still have today. The rise of organized crime, the death of people consuming booze that was contaminated or otherwise deadly, that is what was going on during Pro-hibition. The mobster scene first arrived in America. We had organized crime. We had people who were consuming alco-hol from stills, and they had no idea what company or what people were making this stuff that they were con-suming. They ended up dying in great numbers, and we ended up with the Mob. Does that sound familiar? Fortunately, for future generations, the country wised up and repealed the Prohibition amendment just about a decade after it was put into place. Today, the scourge of marijuana pro-hibition has fueled organized crime here and south of our border and in our inner cities and throughout the world. We now have organized crime on steroids, and there is little that we can do to stop that because we keep feeding them with money by having outlawed drugs that people want to consume, and especially that drug that we are looking at tonight, which is marijuana. Yet despite the well-documented death and destruction permeated by or-ganized crime, the two groups who are most tragically harmed by the Federal Government’s intransigence—it is not necessarily the groups that they are trying to save, but, in reality, they are trying to save these people. They are putting them in jail. They are destroy-ing people’s lives in that way, but they are also victimizing American seniors and our veterans—yes, our veterans. The Federal Government remains so fixated on the need to restrict mari-juana use that it has effectively pro-moted an opioid addiction. The possi-bility that marijuana might be a viable alternative to the management of pain and certain chronic disorders has been ignored and, yes, suppressed. Thus, we have senior citizens who are in their senior citizens homes, people over 70 and 80 years old, and they are being prohibited from using marijuana that might make their day a little bit easier or might bring back their appetite. Marijuana is now, instead, designated as a schedule I substance and has pre-vented any meaningful use that might be, as I say, for our senior citizens. It has also prevented a robust re-search of the drug to find out exactly what it could be used for in a positive way. Last year, to the credit of the Obama administration, at the insist-ence of myself and others here in Con-gress, the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration announced a policy change to expand the number of DEA-registered marijuana manufacturers. That meant that they were able to expand that number. Historically, only the University of Mississippi had been registered with the DEA to produce marijuana for re-search purposes. Well, what we have had in the past has limited the re-search supply of marijuana both in quantity and in quality, making access particularly difficult to legitimate sci-entists and practitioners. Thus, we have made it very difficult, if not im-possible, for us to get a full under-standing: If there are dangers, what are they? If there are some potential posi-tive uses of marijuana, what are they? Through the policy that we have had, it has been a negative impact on those people who are suffering who, need-lessly, don’t need to suffer. They do not need to suffer, whether they are our veterans coming home or whether it is our people who are basically older or are suffering from other types of dis-eases. The policy change that we have made is a positive step in the right di-rection so that now there can be more research into marijuana to find out what the dangers are and what the ben-efits can be. We now can expect that research to pick up to some degree, although bar-riers remain. It is unfortunate that barriers remain because a plethora of anecdotal evidence suggests that this plant and its constituent parts may offer relief from ailments such as post- traumatic stress disorder, cancer, chronic pain, epilepsy, glaucoma, and multiple sclerosis; and, yes, we know 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.108 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1077 February 7, 2017 
that in some cases they have noted childhood problems where people go into seizures, and it has been effective in that. Why have we held marijuana back and not researched it even? This paranoia has had severe nega-tive consequences on the American people, and that is not even consid-ering the number of people whose lives have been affected. You arrest some person who doesn’t have the money for a lawyer and they can’t get it expunged from their record, for the rest of their lives they have lower pay and they have trouble getting jobs. We have trapped people in our poorer areas be-cause we have put this stigma on them when what we are talking about is the consumption of a weed—not hurting somebody else, the personal consump-tion. I can’t think of anything that our Founding Fathers thought that some people have a right to control their lives, especially what they consume. I, of course, don’t agree that we should outlaw cups bigger than this because some people might drink more soda pop if we have bigger cups, no. People need to be responsible for their own lives. That is what freedom is all about, and that is when people will start being more careful about what they do. b2015 Yes, we also know that marijuana can adversely affect the mental devel-opment of an adolescent brain. As such, it is vitally important to discour-age our youth from chronic use. Right now the youth won’t even believe what we are talking about half the time when it comes to marijuana. So now we need to establish our credibility that we are not being paranoid, we are being responsible, and we are being realistic. We need to discuss with our young peo-ple and discourage the chronic con-sumption of marijuana, just like we do when we discourage them from the chronic consumption of alcohol use, which also is bad for young people’s brains. But the fact is we do not know more, and we need to know more, about the use of medical marijuana and the use of marijuana, period—both positive im-pacts and negative impacts. The fact that we don’t know what it can be used for positively or what the negative im-pact is because we haven’t done the re-search, that is a travesty. That is a travesty. It is a crime against older people who sit there and are being denied the use of something when they are over 70 or 80 years old that might enlighten their day and might bring back their appe-tite after they have had some sickness. It is a travesty when our veterans come home and they are given opiates instead of maybe something they can derive from marijuana. We need to re-search that. And our veterans end up killing themselves because now they are addicted to an opiate. The Federal Government should not stand in the way of the scientific community in learning more about marijuana. Many who oppose the change in course for Federal marijuana policy will cite any number of excuses: Oh, but it is dangerous if people use mari-juana and then get behind the wheel of a car. Well, that is something that needs to be worked out. We need to make sure that we understand there are other challenges we have to face once mari-juana is legal and how we are going to protect people from being in a situa-tion. Well, I happen to believe that there will be no more people smoking marijuana and driving a car if it was legal than they are today. However, that may be an issue we need to look at. What we need to do is find ways to discourage young people from driving while drinking. Let’s have drug testing in our schools not aimed at putting young people in jail, not aimed at say-ing: Oh, you have tested positive for marijuana, you are going to get ar-rested. By the way, you can’t do that because you can’t force these kids to testify against themselves by giving them a blood sample or a drug test. But you can do it in order to say: If you test positive for drugs, we are going to talk to your parents about it. If you test positive for drugs and you are in school, you are going to have to take a class to show you what you are doing to your brain. Ultimately, this is all about freedom. It is all about whether adults, not chil-dren, can use their decisionmaking process. This is the land of the free and the home of the brave. Too many peo-ple get so wrapped up in microman-aging our lives for our own benefit—of course, it is always for our own ben-efit—that sometimes they end up caus-ing great harm to the people that they want to control for their own benefit. Well, many of my Republican col-leagues have joined me in letting the States do this. That is right. I under-stand it. I respect them. I hope more will go along with the constitutional provision that those things not enu-merated in the Constitution are powers that should be granted to the States. I hope that my Republican colleagues will join me in recognizing that, when we talk about individual freedom, this is what individual freedom is. It also includes individual responsibility on the other side of the coin. When we talk about limited government, we want limited government and we want government that is closest to the peo-ple, the State marijuana laws in the name of helping people. So that they won’t consume a weed by their own choice, we are destroying all of those principles which we claimed as Repub-licans. I believe in those principles. I think my fellow Republicans do as well. That is why we need to talk about it and have this type of discussion that I am opening up tonight on the floor of the House. In fact, if someone says they be-lieve in the Tenth Amendment to the Constitution—we have heard it, and we will hear it in this body over and over again—let’s send that back to the States. That is supposed to be a State rule of who is going to control the en-vironment, who is going to control the gun laws or marriage laws, et cetera. We are going to hear that. But if some-one really believes in the Tenth Amendment, they will respect the State marijuana laws, and let the States decide, and the people therein decide, what the laws should be. Remember, as we discuss people’s health care, Republicans over and over again say: You shouldn’t get in be-tween a doctor and his patient. We be-lieve in the doctor-patient relation-ship. That is true for medical mari-juana as well. Do we believe in these principles? I say the Republican Party does be-lieve in those principles. We need to have a discussion and we need to make sure that the American people under-stand that we are not just down here saying that we can control their life when we think it is best. No. We are down here because we do believe in lib-erty, we do believe in freedom, we do believe what our Founding Fathers had in mind when they decided not to fol-low the dictates of the king, not to per-mit the British government to estab-lish control over their lives here in the United States that they had in Great Britain where they had fled from to get away from that type of authority. We do not want to have Federal police—no matter what they call them, DEA or anything else—down in our cities and our towns conducting law enforcement operations. That is not what our Founding Fa-thers had in mind. They had in mind also that people would be responsible for themselves. Yes, when people are free, some of them are going to make wrong decisions in their lives. We need to make sure that we understand that when we legalize medical marijuana, or even recreational use of marijuana, some people will hurt themselves, just like with alcohol. It is up to us not to try to put them in jail, not to try to hurt them, not to try to force them to do what we want, but to try to reach out to them, to help people who are in need, help people make the right decision in our church-es and our schools. This is the way to conduct when you have a problem that threatens to bring down the society, not establishing a Federal Gestapo to go and enforce laws that are going to make everybody just prim and proper. I am sorry. What we need is to reassert what our Founding Fathers had in mind for America: limited government, personal responsibility, individual free-dom, and, yes, the Tenth Amendment. I would ask my Republican col-leagues to join me in supporting the Respect State Marijuana Laws Act. It presents us with a unique opportunity to support legislation that responds to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.109 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1078 February 7, 2017 
our constituent demands because across America, people are under-standing the reality of this. They don’t want to put people in jail, they don’t want to have Federal law strike forces in their community just to prevent adults from consuming a weed in their backyard. It makes no sense at all. They know that people, once they are arrested for just smoking a weed that is not hurting anybody else, their lives are damaged and it is harder for them to become a decent citizen. Americans are concerned about each other, and we know we can’t just leave it up to the government to control our lives. With that said, I hope that my col-leagues support this legislation and support Congressman B
LUMENAUER and myself and others in the Cannabis Cau-cus that is being established in order to be consistent with the goals and ideals of American liberty to make sure that we have limited government and un-limited freedom in this country. That is what America was supposed to be all about. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
JOINT RESOLUTIONS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on February 06, 2017, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing joint resolutions: 
H.J. Res. 41. Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Ex-traction Issuers’’. H.J. Res. 38. Disapproving the rule sub-mitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 24 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Thursday, Feb-ruary 9, 2017, at 2:30 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
517. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a withdrawal of previous certification of satisfactory serv-ice for General Arthur J. Lichte, United States Air Force, in the grade of general issued on November 13, 2009; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 518. A letter from the Deputy Chief, Dis-ability Rights Office, Consumer and Govern-mental Affairs Bureau (CGB), Federal Com-munications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Structure and Practices of the Video Relay Service Pro-gram [CG Docket No.: 10-51]; Telecommuni-cations Relay Services and Speech-to-Speech Services for Individuals with Hearing and Speech Disabilities [CG Docket No.: 03-123] received February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 519. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s interim rule — Recruitment and Selection through Competitive Examination (RIN: 3206-AN46) received February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 520. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Personnel Management, transmitting the Office’s Major final rule — Medical Qual-ification Determinations (RIN: 3206-AL14) re-ceived February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 521. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Inseason Adjustment to the 2017 Gulf of Alaska Pollock and Pacific Cod Total Allowable Catch Amounts [Docket No.: 150818742-6210-02] (RIN: 0648-XF104) received February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 522. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary or-ders — Fraser River Sockeye Salmon Fish-eries; Inseason Orders (RIN: 0648-XE860) re-ceived February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 523. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oce-anic and Atmospheric Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Multispecies Fishery; Pos-session and Trip Limit Modifications for the Common Pool Fishery (RIN: 0648-XF074) re-ceived February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 524. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Snapper-Grouper Fishery of the South Atlantic; 2016 Recreational Clo-sure for Hogfish in the South Atlantic [Docket No.: 140819686-5999-02] (RIN: 0648- XF042) received February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 525. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2016 Commercial Accountability Measures and Closure for Atlantic Migratory Group Cobia [Docket No.: 101206604-1758-02] (RIN: 0648- XF056) received February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. 526. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 150903814-5999-02] (RIN: 0648-XF061) received February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 527. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Commercial Quota Harvested for the State of New York [Docket No.: 140214138-4482-02] (RIN: 0648-XF043) received February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 528. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Bluefish Fishery; Quota Transfer [Docket No.: 151130999-6225-01] (RIN: 0648-XF069) received February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 529. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, Na-tional Oceanic and Atmospheric Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s tem-porary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Re- Opening of Recreational Sector for the South Atlantic Other Jacks Complex [Docket No.: 120815345-3525-02] (RIN: 0648-XF046) received February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. 530. A letter from the Acting Assistant At-torney General, Department of Justice, transmitting notification that during Fiscal Year 2016, no payments were made from the Victims Compensation Fund, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 3525(b); Public Law 98-473, Sec. 1208; (98 Stat. 2162); to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 531. A letter from the Acting Director, Of-fice of Surface Mining Reclamation and En-forcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Civil Monetary Penalty Inflation Adjust-ments [Docket ID: OSM-2016-0015; S1D1S SS08011000 SX064A000 178S180110; S2D2S SS08011000 SX064A00 17XS501520] (RIN: 1029- AC74) received February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 532. A letter from the National President, Women’s Army Corps Veterans’ Association — Army Women United, transmitting the annual audit of the Association as of June 30, 2016; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 533. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations, temporary regulations, and re-moval of temporary regulations — Guidance for Determining Stock Ownership; Rules Re-garding Inversions and Related Transactions [TD 9812] (RIN: 1545-BL00; 1545-BM45) re-ceived February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 534. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Certain Transfers of Property to Regulated Investment Companies [RICs] and Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs) [TD 9810] (RIN: 1535-BN06) received February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE7.111 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1079 February 7, 2017 
535. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Revenue Procedure: Management Contracts Safe Harbors (Rev. Proc. 2017-13) received February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 536. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Income from Discharge of Indebted-ness (Rev. Proc. 2017-24) received February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 537. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Extension of the Due Date for a Sec-tion 35 Health Coverage Tax Credit Election [Notice 2017-16] received February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 538. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Changes to Rev. Proc. 2010-46 (Rev. Proc. 2017-22) received February 3, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 539. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final reg-ulations — Qualifying Income from Activi-ties of Publicly Traded Partnerships With Respect to Minerals or Natural Resources [TD 9817] (RIN: 1545-BM43) received February 3, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Pub-lic Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. COLE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 99. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 428) to survey the gradient boundary along the Red River in the States of Oklahoma and Texas, and for the other purposes, and providing for consid-eration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 42) disapproving the rule submitted by the De-partment of Labor relating to drug testing of unemployment compensation applicants (Rept. 115–10). Referred to the House Cal-endar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROYCE of California (for him-self, Ms. S
INEMA , and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama): H.R. 898. A bill to require Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to establish procedures for con-sidering certain credit scores in making a determination whether to purchase a resi-dential mortgage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. MASSIE (for himself, Mr. A
MASH , Mr. B IGGS, Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. J
ONES , and Mr. L ABRADOR ): H.R. 899. A bill to terminate the Depart-ment of Education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GUTIE´RREZ: H.R. 900. A bill to recognize Puerto Rico’s sovereign nationhood under either independ-ence or free association and to provide for a transition process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CUMMINGS (for himself, Mrs. LOVE, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. B
ASS, and Mr. L AB-
RADOR ): H.R. 901. A bill to place restrictions on the use of solitary confinement for juveniles in Federal custody; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. H IMES, Ms. K ELLY  of Illinois, Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. S
ABLAN , and Ms. J ENKINS of Kan-sas): H.R. 902. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire psychi-atrists; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina (for himself, Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama, Mr. B
YRNE , and Mr. L AMBORN ): H.R. 903. A bill to restrict funding for the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehen-sive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. LIPINSKI (for himself, Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C AR-
SONof Indiana, and Mr. J ONES ): H.R. 904. A bill to amend chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code, to increase the re-quirement for American-made content, to strengthen the waiver provisions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Financial Serv-ices, Transportation and Infrastructure, En-ergy and Commerce, Agriculture, Natural Resources, and Homeland Security, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. FARENTHOLD (for himself and Mr. P
OLIS): H.R. 905. A bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to provide that the first sale doctrine applies to any computer program that enables a machine or other product to operate, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. FARENTHOLD (for himself, Mr. G
OODLATTE , and Mr. M ARINO ): H.R. 906. A bill to amend title 11 of the United States Code to require the public dis-closure by trusts established under section 524(g) of such title, of quarterly reports that contain detailed information regarding the receipt and disposition of claims for injuries based on exposure to asbestos; and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. S OTO, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. V
ALADAO , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. W
OODALL , Mr. J ONES , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. I
SSA, Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , and Mr. B ISHOP of Michi-gan): H.R. 907. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the care provided by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to newborn children; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. KIND, Mr. G UTHRIE , and Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsyl-vania): H.R. 908. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to eliminate a provision under the Medicare Advantage program that inadvertently penalizes Medicare Advantage plans for providing high quality care to Medicare beneficiaries; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for herself, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. D
ENHAM , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali-fornia, Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. K
EATING , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. F
OSTER , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. W ATSON  C
OLEMAN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. L
YNCH , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas, Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. T
SONGAS , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. S WALWELL  of California, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. C UM-
MINGS , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALO-
NEYof New York, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Mr. B UCHANAN , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. R UPPERS -
BERGER , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois, Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. K ELLY of Illi-nois, Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. D IAZ- B
ALART , Mr. D ENT, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. F
ASO, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. S CHRADER , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Ms. L EE, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Ms. J UDYCHU of California, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. S IRES, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Ms. E
STY, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. S
ARBANES , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. S OTO, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mrs. W
AGNER , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07FE7.000 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1080 February 7, 2017 
SERRANO , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ECK, Mr. R
USH, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. S
ABLAN , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. B
EYER , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. C HABOT , Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. D ONOVAN , Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C
LEAVER , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. M
ATSUI , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Ms. M ENG, Mr. B ISHOP  of Michigan, Ms. B
ASS, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. N
EAL, Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. H
UFFMAN ): H.R. 909. A bill to protect victims of do-mestic violence, sexual assault, stalking, and dating violence from emotional and psy-chological trauma caused by acts of violence or threats of violence against their pets; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. HILL (for himself and Mr. F
OS-
TER): H.R. 910. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe har-bor related to certain investment fund re-search reports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. J ONES , Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. B
LUM, Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor-ida, Mr. N
ADLER , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. K EATING , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. T
SONGAS , and Mr. M ARINO ): H.R. 911. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to issue an order with respect to secondary cockpit barriers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. M ENG, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ ): H.R. 912. A bill to provide for punishments for immigration-related fraud, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself and Mr. D
EUTCH ): H.R. 913. A bill to provide for improve-ments in the treatment of detainees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. COURTNEY (for himself, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , and Ms. T
ITUS): H.R. 914. A bill to amend the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 to expand cov-erage under the Act, to increase protections for whistleblowers, to increase penalties for high gravity violations, to adjust penalties for inflation, to provide rights for victims or their family members, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. L
YNCH , Ms. M OORE , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P
OCAN , and Mr. L EWIS of Georgia): H.R. 915. A bill to permanently extend the Protecting Tenants at Foreclosure Act of 2009; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. SANFORD (for himself and Mr. S
HERMAN ): H.R. 916. A bill to amend the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 to prohibit the use of guarantee fees as off-sets; to the Committee on Rules, and in addi-tion to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. COOK (for himself and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas): H.R. 917. A bill to control the export of electronic waste in order to ensure that such waste does not become the source of counter-feit goods that may reenter military and ci-vilian electronics supply chains in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself, Mr. K
ILMER , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsyl-vania, Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. H
IMES, Mr. B ERGMAN , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, and Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN ): H.R. 918. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs to furnish mental health care to certain former members of the Armed Forces who are not otherwise eligible to re-ceive such care, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. THOMPSON of California (for himself and Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio): H.R. 919. A bill to require compliant flame mitigation devices to be used on portable fuel containers for flammable liquid fuels, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 920. A bill to provide that Executive Order 13767 (82 Fed. Reg. 8793; entitled ‘‘Bor-der Security and Immigration Enforcement Improvements‘‘), shall have no force or ef-fect, to prohibit the use of Federal funds to enforce the Executive Order, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 921. A bill to provide that Executive Order 13768 (82 Fed. Reg. 8799; entitled ‘‘En-hancing Public Safety in the Interior of the United States‘‘), shall have no force or ef-fect, to prohibit the use of Federal funds to enforce the Executive Order, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Oversight and Govern-ment Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. EVANS (for himself and Mr. M
CEACHIN ): H.R. 922. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow rehabilitation ex-penditures for public school buildings to qualify for rehabilitation credit; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. AMASH (for himself, Mr. MASSIE , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. P
OLIS, and Mr. E MMER ): H.R. 923. A bill to repeal the Cybersecurity Act of 2015; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, In-telligence (Permanent Select), Armed Serv-ices, the Judiciary, Foreign Affairs, Science, Space, and Technology, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 924. A bill to amend the Federal Fi-nancial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to establish a three-judge inde-pendent examination review panel; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CALVERT (for himself, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. C OOK, Mr. C
OLLINS of New York, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. I SSA, Ms. J EN-
KINS of Kansas, Mr. J ONES , Mr. J OYCE  of Ohio, Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. M CCLIN-
TOCK , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. W ALZ, and Mr. W ITT-
MAN): H.R. 925. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the eligibility for monthly stipends paid under the Post-9/11 Educational Assistance Program for certain members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 926. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to reduce the principal amount on loans made to STEM majors; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mrs. WALORSKI (for herself and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire): H.R. 927. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the eligibility for beneficiary travel for veterans seeking treat-ment or care for military sexual trauma in specialized outpatient or residential pro-grams at facilities of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. GOHMERT (for himself, Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C OLE, Mr. P
EARCE , and Mr. C RAMER ): H.R. 928. A bill to clarify that a State has the sole authority to regulate hydraulic frac-turing on Federal land within the boundaries of the State; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Commit-tees on Agriculture, Transportation and In-frastructure, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama (for her-self, Mr. C
ICILLINE , and Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER ): H.R. 929. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to establish tax-preferred Small Business Start-up Savings Accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. L ANCE , and Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ): H.R. 930. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for Medicare coverage of certain lymphedema compres-sion treatment items as items of durable medical equipment; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07FE7.100 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1081 February 7, 2017 
Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for him-self, Mr. P
ASCRELL , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. B ARR, Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. B OST, Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. B USTOS , Mrs. C
OMSTOCK , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. D ONO-
VAN, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E
STY, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. F ASO, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ECK, Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. K IND, Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. K NIGHT , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. L
OEBSACK , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M
ALONEY of New York, Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P
ETERSON , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P
OLIQUIN , Mr. R ENACCI , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. S HUSTER , Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. S IRES, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V
ALADAO , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W AT-
SON COLEMAN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. L
ANCE , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 931. A bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a vol-untary registry to collect data on cancer in-cidence among firefighters; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. G
RI-
JALVA , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. M AXINE  W
ATERS of California, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. L EE, and Mr. Q
UIGLEY ): H.R. 932. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to develop performance measures for assessing transportation connectivity and accessibility for highway and public transportation systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself and Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia): H.R. 933. A bill to strengthen the current protections available under the National Labor Relations Act by providing a private right of action for certain violations of such Act, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judici-ary, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself and Mr. R
OHRABACHER ): H.R. 934. A bill to reduce prescription drug costs by allowing the importation and re-importation of certain drugs; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 935. A bill to codify an office within the Department of Homeland Security with the mission of strengthening the capacity of the agency to attract and retain highly trained computer and information security professionals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, and Home-land Security, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Ms. NORTON , and Mr. V ELA): H.R. 936. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to establish a space-available transportation priority for veterans of the Armed Forces who have a service-connected, permanent disability rated as total; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. BRAT (for himself, Mr. F
RANKS  of Arizona, and Mr. G
RIFFITH ): H.R. 937. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to create Universal Savings Accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BURGESS (for himself and Mr. F
LORES ): H.R. 938. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide clarification with respect to the liability of third party payers for medical assistance paid under the Medicaid program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Mr. J
ONES , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. M
OORE , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. C
ICILLINE , and Ms. M ENG): H.R. 939. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to extend and expand the provi-sion requiring the use of iron and steel prod-ucts that are produced in the United States in projects funded through a State drinking water treatment revolving loan fund; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 940. A bill to secure communications of utilities from terrorist threats, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security. By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 941. A bill to increase the number of operational aircraft carriers of the Navy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself and Mr. M
CKINLEY ): H.R. 942. A bill to extend the right of ap-peal to the Merit Systems Protection Board to certain employees of the United States Postal Service; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-self and Mr. H
ASTINGS ): H.R. 943. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Commerce to award competitive grants to combat the certain species of lionfish in the Atlantic Ocean and the Gulf of Mexico; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 944. A bill to amend the Federal Elec-tion Campaign Act of 1971 to prohibit certain State election administration officials from actively participating in electoral cam-paigns; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 945. A bill to codify the objective of Presidential Policy Directive 21 to improve critical infrastructure security and resil-ience, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 946. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to allow all eligible voters to vote by mail in Federal elections; to the Committee on House Administration. By Ms. D
ELAURO (for herself, Ms. H
ANABUSA , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. R
ASKIN , Mr. R USH, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. E VANS , Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. S
OTO, Ms. M OORE , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. H AS-
TINGS , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. M
ENG, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. L EE, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C ROW-
LEY, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. K EATING , Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. B ERA, Ms. G
ABBARD , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. D OG-
GETT , Mr. M OULTON , Miss R ICEof New York, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S AR-
BANES , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. K IL-
DEE, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. C LARK of Mas-sachusetts, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C
APUANO , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. L
ANGEVIN , Mr. D ELANEY , Mrs. W AT-
SON COLEMAN , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mrs. D
INGELL , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Ms. J UDYCHUof Cali-fornia, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. C ASTOR  of Florida, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, and Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER ): H.R. 947. A bill to provide paid family and medical leave benefits to certain individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 948. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to replace the mortgage in-terest deduction with a nonrefundable credit for indebtedness secured by a residence, to provide affordable housing to extremely low- income families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. FITZPATRICK (for himself and Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-vania): H.R. 949. A bill to increase Federal Pell Grants for the children of fallen public safe-ty officers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on the Budget, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 950. A bill to require a report and as-sessment regarding Department of Homeland 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07FE7.100 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1082 February 7, 2017 
Security responses to terrorist threats to Federal elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Ms. FOXX: H.R. 951. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. FUDGE (for herself, Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. M
CGOVERN ): H.R. 952. A bill to amend the Child Nutri-tion Act of 1966 to clarify and expand food donation under the Bill Emerson Good Sa-maritan Food Donation Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GIBBS (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
AWAY , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. B OST, Mr. M
ARSHALL , Mr. T HOMPSON of Penn-sylvania, Mr. A
BRAHAM , Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. J ONES , Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. K USTOFF  of Tennessee, Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mr. K
INGof Iowa, Mr. G OSAR , Mrs. C OM-
STOCK , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. W
ENSTRUP ): H.R. 953. A bill to amend the Federal Insec-ticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to clarify Congressional intent regarding the regulation of the use of pesticides in or near navigable waters, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 954. A bill to remove the use restric-tions on certain land transferred to Rocking-ham County, Virginia, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 955. A bill to require the Director of National Intelligence to conduct a study on the feasibility of establishing a Cyber De-fense National Guard; to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select). By Mr. JEFFRIES (for himself and Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia): H.R. 956. A bill to regulate monitoring of electronic communications between a pris-oner in a Bureau of Prisons facility and that prisoner’s attorney or other legal representa-tive, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. JEFFRIES (for himself, Mr. P
OEof Texas, and Mr. F ARENTHOLD ): H.R. 957. A bill to require that State and local law enforcement agencies conform to Federal guidelines in using cell simulator de-vices, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 958. A bill to eliminate certain pro-grams of the Environmental Protection Agency, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Agriculture, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio (for himself, Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illi-nois, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. M EEHAN , Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, and Ms. G
ABBARD ): H.R. 959. A bill to amend title VIII of the Public Health Service Act to extend ad-vanced education nursing grants to support clinical nurse specialist programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. H
URD, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. R ENACCI , and Mr. K IND): H.R. 960. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide for the tax-ex-empt financing of certain government-owned buildings; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 961. A bill to prohibit aquaculture in the Great Lakes; to the Committee on Nat-ural Resources, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 962. A bill to prohibit operation of aquaculture facilities that contribute to pol-lution of wild and scenic rivers; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. M OORE , Mr. J
ONES , Ms. E STY, and Mr. M CGOV-
ERN): H.R. 963. A bill to provide for free mailing privileges for personal correspondence and parcels sent to members of the Armed Forces serving on active duty in Iraq, Afghanistan, or other designated hostile fire areas; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. KING of New York (for himself and Mr. P
ASCRELL ): H.R. 964. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to include certain Federal posi-tions within the definition of law enforce-ment officer for retirement purposes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire (for herself and Ms. S
HEA-PORTER ): H.R. 965. A bill to redesignate the Saint- Gaudens National Historic Site as the ‘‘Saint-Gaudens National Historical Park’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for himself, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, and Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California): H.R. 966. A bill making supplemental ap-propriations for fiscal year 2017 for the TIGER discretionary grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appro-priations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
ACARTHUR (for himself, Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. P
ALLONE , and Mr. P ASCRELL ): H.R. 967. A bill to posthumously award a Congressional gold medal to Alice Paul, in recognition of her role in the women’s suf-frage movement and in advancing equal rights for women; to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself, Mr. C
UM-
MINGS , and Mr. J EFFRIES ): H.R. 968. A bill to enforce the Sixth Amendment right to the assistance of effec-tive counsel at all stages of the adversarial process, to confer jurisdiction upon the dis-trict courts of the United States to provide declaratory and injunctive relief against sys-temic violations of such right, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York (for himself, Mr. CUM-
MINGS , and Mr. J EFFRIES ): H.R. 969. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to establish a corporation to ad-vocate on behalf of individuals in noncapital criminal cases before the Supreme Court of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 970. A bill to amend title 41, United States Code, to require the submission of data relating to diversity by certain contrac-tors, to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to require the submission of such data by issuers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 971. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to treat small businesses, owned by surviving spouses of members of the Armed Forces killed in the line of duty, as small business concerns owned and con-trolled by veterans for purposes of con-tracting goals and preferences of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Ms. MENG (for herself, Mr. G
RI-
JALVA , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Ms. M OORE , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. L
EE, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mrs. C AROLYN  B. M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. C
LARKE of New York): H.R. 972. A bill to increase the availability and affordability of menstrual hygiene prod-ucts for women and girls with limited access, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Financial Services, the Judiciary, and Education and the Workforce, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. O’ROURKE (for himself, Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. H URD, and Ms. B
ORDALLO ): H.R. 973. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to modify the criteria for se-lecting communities to participate in the Small Community Air Service Development Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 974. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in awarding a contract for the procurement of goods or services, to give a preference to offerors that employ vet-erans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. ROHRABACHER (for himself, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. M
CCLINTOCK , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. H UN-
TER, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. A MASH , Ms. L EE, and Mr. M
ASSIE ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07FE7.100 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1083 February 7, 2017 
H.R. 975. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to provide for a new rule re-garding the application of the Act to mari-huana, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. ROSS (for himself, Mr. L
IPIN-
SKI, and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida): H.R. 976. A bill to grant a Federal charter to the National Academy of Inventors; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. SA´NCHEZ (for herself, Mr. G
ARAMENDI , and Mr. L ANGEVIN ): H.R. 977. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to cre-ate a demonstration project to fund addi-tional secondary school counselors in trou-bled title I schools to reduce the dropout rate; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. SINEMA (for herself, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. R ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. K IND, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. Y
OHO): H.R. 978. A bill to establish an independent advisory committee to review certain regu-lations, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SIRES (for himself and Mr. Y
OHO): H.R. 979. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to encourage Canadian tourism to the United States; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. TAKANO (for himself, Mr. B
LU-
MENAUER , Mr. B RADY of Pennsyl-vania, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C OO-
PER, Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. P OCAN , Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. W
ALZ, Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. C ORREA , and Mr. K
HANNA ): H.R. 980. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to modify authorities relating to the collective bargaining of employees in the Veterans Health Administration; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself, Mr. C
OLE, Mr. O’H ALLERAN , and Mr. J
ONES ): H.R. 981. A bill to prohibit any hiring freeze from affecting the Indian Health Serv-ice; to the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform. By Mr. TURNER (for himself, Ms. T
SONGAS , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. R
YANof Ohio): H.R. 982. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow for payments to States for substance abuse services furnished to inmates in public institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 983. A bill to bar prosecution under section 844(f)(1) of title 18, United States Code, in certain cases; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WITTMAN (for himself, Mr. BEYER , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , and Mr. T AYLOR ): H.R. 984. A bill to extend Federal recogni-tion to the Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy Indian Tribe-Eastern Divi-sion, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappa-hannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Na-tion, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas (for himself, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. T
EDLIEU of California, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. V ELA, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Mr. D
EFAZIO): H.J. Res. 65. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to abolish the electoral col-lege and to provide for the direct popular election of the President and Vice President of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself, Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, and Ms. F
OXX): H.J. Res. 66. A joint resolution dis-approving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of Labor relating to savings arrange-ments established by States for non-govern-mental employees; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida (for himself, Mr. W
ALBERG , and Ms. F
OXX): H.J. Res. 67. A joint resolution dis-approving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of Labor relating to savings arrange-ments established by qualified State polit-ical subdivisions for non-governmental em-ployees; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CRAMER (for himself and Mr. G
OSAR ): H.J. Res. 68. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5 of the United States Code of a rule submitted by the Bureau of Land Manage-ment relating to standards for measurement and reporting of gas removed or sold from Federal and Indian lands and areas subject to communitization agreements; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.J. Res. 69. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of the Interior relat-ing to ‘‘Non-Subsistence Take of Wildlife, and Public Participation and Closure Proce-dures, on National Wildlife Refuges in Alaska‘‘; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself, Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. E VANS , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. S OTO, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. V
EASEY , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. H
ASTINGS , and Ms. C
LARKE of New York): H. Con. Res. 22. Concurrent resolution rec-ognizing the difficult challenges Black vet-erans faced when returning home after serv-ing in the Armed Forces, their heroic mili-tary sacrifices, and their patriotism in fight-ing for equal rights and for the dignity of a people and a Nation; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. CROWLEY: H. Res. 95. A resolution electing Members to certain standing committees of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. By Mrs. BLACK: H. Res. 96. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on the Budget in the One Hundred Fifteenth Con-gress; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. By Mr. ROYCE of California (for him-self and Mr. ENGEL ): H. Res. 97. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on For-eign Affairs in the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration. By Mr. CROWLEY: H. Res. 98. A resolution ranking a certain Member of a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. By Mr. BUDD (for himself, Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. J
ONES , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. M EAD-
OWS, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. H
OLDING , Mr. M CHENRY , Ms. F
OXX, Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina): H. Res. 100. A resolution recognizing the significance of the Greensboro Four Sit In; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself and Mr. N
EAL): H. Res. 101. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Ways and Means in the One Hundred Fif-teenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself, Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. N ADLER , and Mr. S
OTO): H. Res. 102. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing the appointment of an independent coun-sel to investigate actions by United States Customs and Border Protection in apparent violation of judicial orders; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CONAWAY: H. Res. 103. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Agriculture in the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Ad-ministration. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. S
IRES, Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas, Ms. K ELLY of Il-linois, Mr. K
EATING , Ms. T ITUS, Ms. L
EE, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. V ELA, Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. S MITH of Wash-ington, Mr. C
UELLAR , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. K
ENNEDY , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. S CHA-
KOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. C OHEN , and Ms. L
OFGREN ): H. Res. 104. A resolution reaffirming a strong commitment to the United States- Mexico partnership; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. NADLER (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
YERS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. T
EDLIEU of California, Mr. R
ASKIN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. J UDY CHU 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07FE7.100 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1084 February 7, 2017 
of California, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois, Ms. B
ASS, Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. A L G
REEN of Texas, Mr. K ILDEE , Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. S
CHNEIDER , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of Cali-fornia, Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. V
ELA, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. M CCOL-
LUM, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S OTO, Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. B EN R
AYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. S AR-
BANES , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. D
AVIS of California, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, and Ms. N
ORTON ): H. Res. 105. A resolution expressing the Sense of the House of Representatives that an Independent Judiciary is Fundamental to American Democracy; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. NUNES (for himself and Mr. S
CHIFF ): H. Res. 106. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence in the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself and Mr. W
ALZ): H. Res. 107. A resolution providing amounts for the expenses of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs in the One Hundred Fif-teenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. By Ms. SA´NCHEZ (for herself, Mr. E
LLISON , Mr. P RICE of North Caro-lina, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. G
RIJALVA , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. L
EE, Mr. L EVIN, Ms. M OORE , Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. C LARK of Massachu-setts, Mr. P
OCAN , and Mr. T EDLIEUof California): H. Res. 108. A resolution expressing support for designation of the week of February 6, 2017, through February 10, 2017, as ‘‘National School Counseling Week’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. WALORSKI: H. Res. 109. A resolution deploring the ac-tions of the Palestinian Authority to join the International Criminal Court and under-take legal action through the Court against Israel; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H. Res. 110. A resolution recognizing Feb-ruary 26, 2017, as the 100th anniversary of the establishment of Denali National Park and Preserve in the State of Alaska; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 898. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution to regulate commerce. By Mr. MASSIE: H.R. 899. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the Constitution vests all legislative powers in Congress, not in the Executive Branch or an agency of the Executive Branch. In addition, the Tenth Amendment states that ‘‘the powers not del-egated to the United States by the Constitu-tion, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.’’ The Constitution does not give the federal government the authority to control education. By Mr. GUTIERREZ: H.R. 900. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article IV Section 3 By Mr. CUMMINGS: H.R. 901. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 902. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . By Mr. WILSON of South Carolina: H.R. 903. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 904. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, Constitution of the United States By Mr. FARENTHOLD: H.R. 905. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. FARENTHOLD: H.R. 906. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 3, 4, and 18 of the United States Constitution By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: H.R. 907. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 14: To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of our Land and Naval Forces. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 908. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 909. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. HILL: H.R. 910. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 911. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 912. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 913. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. COURTNEY: H.R. 914. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 915. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3 and Clause 18. By Mr. SANFORD: H.R. 916. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. COOK: H.R. 917. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 918. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I , Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. THOMPSON of California: H.R. 919. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 920. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Art. 1, Sec. 8, Clause 4. Congress has the power to ‘‘establish a uni-form Rule of Naturalization.’’ By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 921. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Art. 1, Sec. 8, Clause 4. Congress has the power to ‘‘establish a uni-form Rule of Naturalization.’’ By Mr. EVANS: H.R. 922. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. AMASH: H.R. 923. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Congress has the implied power to repeal laws that exceed its constitutional authority as well as laws within its constitutional au-thority. By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 924. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Commerce Clause, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution states that Con-gress shall have power to regulate the regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. CALVERT: H.R. 925. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 18 (relating to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L07FE7.100 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1085 February 7, 2017 
power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress). By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 926. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. WALORSKI: H.R. 927. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution By Mr. GOHMERT: H.R. 928. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 providing that ‘‘Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regula-tions respecting the Territory or other Prop-erty belonging to the United States. . .’’ By Ms. SEWELL of Alabama: H.R. 929. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and the six-teenth amendment [Page H1826] By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 930. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to pro-viding for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States).’’ By Mr. COLLINS of New York: H.R. 931. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 932. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States, which states: The Congress shall have the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 933. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States, which states: The Congress shall have the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof.’’ By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 934. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3 and Clause 18. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 935. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 936. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause XII–XIV of the Constitution of the United States, which gives Congress the authority to: To raise and support Armies, but no Appro-priation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years; To provide and maintain a Navy; To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces; By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 937. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Sixteenth Amendment to the Con-stitution grants Congress ‘‘power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without re-gard to any census or enumeration.’’ Left undefined in the amendment, the ‘‘incomes’’ appropriate for taxation must be determined through legislation passed by Congress. Con-gress therefore has the power to exclude from income taxation such sources as it deems appropriate. By Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 938. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, excises, to pay the debts and pro-vide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execu-tion the foregoing powers, and all other pow-ers vested by the Constitution in the govern-ment of the United States or in any depart-ment or office thereof. By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 939. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 940. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 3 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 941. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘to provide for the common defense’’, ‘‘to provide and maintain a Navy’’, and ‘‘to make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval forces’’ as enumerated in Article I, section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 942. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The ‘‘necessary and proper’’ clause of Arti-
cle I, Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 943. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sec. 8, clause 3 By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 944. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 4: ‘‘The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be perscribed in each State by the Leg-islature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regula-tions . . .’’ By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 945. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mrs. DAVIS of California: H.R. 946. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 4: ‘‘The Times, Places and Manner of holding Elections for Senators and Representatives, shall be perscribed in each State by the Leg-islature thereof; but the Congress may at any time by Law make or alter such Regula-tions . . .’’ By Ms. D
ELAURO: H.R. 947. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution and Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 948. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7, Clause 1 and Section 8, Clause 1. By Mr. FITZPATRICK: H.R. 949. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 950. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 4, Clause 1 and Article 2, Section 1, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. FOXX: H.R. 951. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, Congress may enact laws necessary and proper to the execution of its enumerated powers. As this legislation solely amends the amount of time available for execution of previously granted authority, it is merely technical in nature and an appropriate exercise of Con-gress’ authority to amend its previous ac-tions through necessary and proper statutes. By Ms. FUDGE: H.R. 952. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 provides Con-gress with the power to ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. GIBBS: H.R. 953. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.041 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1086 February 7, 2017 
Pursuant to clause 3(d)(1) of Rule XIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the Constitutional au-thority for this legislation in Article I, Sec-tion 8, Clause 18, that grants Congress the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested by Con-gress in the Constitution of the United States or in any department or officer there-of. By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 954. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Property Clause of Article IV, Section 3—The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 955. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. JEFFRIES: H.R. 956. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: US Const. Art. I, Sec. 8, Cl. 18 (‘‘Congress shall have the power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution . . . all other Powers vested in this Constitution in the Govern-ment of the United States, or in any Depart-ment or Officer thereof.’’). [Page H101] By Mr. JEFFRIES: H.R. 957. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: US Const. Art. I, Sec. 8, Cl. 3 (‘‘Congress shall have the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’)[Page H2151] By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 958. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution, and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution. By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio: H.R. 959. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 960. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I Section 8 of the United States Con-stitution. By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 961. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 962. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. KING of New York: H.R. 963. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Mr. KING of New York: H.R. 964. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the fore-going Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof. By Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire: H.R. 965. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: H.R. 966. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: As described in Article 1, Section 1 ‘‘all legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress.’’ By Mr. M
ACARTHUR: H.R. 967. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 968. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. I, Sec. 8 By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 969. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. I, Sec. 8 By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 970. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The necessary and proper Clause of the US Constitution (Article one, Section 8, Clause 18) By Ms. MENG: H.R. 971. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 972. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion. By Mr. O’ROURKE: H.R. 973. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power *** To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Miss RICE of New York: H.R. 974. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. ROHRABACHER: H.R. 975. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to, among other things, regulate Commerce among the several States. By Mr. ROSS: H.R. 976. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. SA´NCHEZ: H.R. 977. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One, section 8, clause 18: Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Ms. SINEMA: H.R. 978. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article. 1. Section. 8. By Mr. SIRES: H.R. 979. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 3(d)(1) of the rule XIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in Article I, Section 8 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. TAKANO: H.R. 980. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 981. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitu-tional Authority of the United States Con-gress. Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. TURNER: H.R. 982. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 983. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. WITTMAN: H.R. 984. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, which provides Congress with the power to regulate commerces and relations between the United States and Indian Tribes, and to pass all laws necessary and proper for car-rying into execution of the foregoing powers, as well as all other power vested by the Con-stitution. By Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.J. Res. 65. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V of the United States Constitu-tion, which grants Congress the authority, whenever two-thirds of both chambers deem it necessary, to propose amendments to the Constitution. By Mr. WALBERG: 
H.J. Res. 66. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.045 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1087 February 7, 2017 
Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.J. Res. 67. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. CRAMER: H.J. Res. 68. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: To accompany Mr. Cramer’s joint resolu-tion providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5 of the United States Code of a rule submitted by the Bu-reau of Land Management relating to stand-ards for measurement and reporting of gas removed or sold from Federal and Indian lands and areas subject to communitization agreements: Pursuant to clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statement is submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is in clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.J. Res. 69. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 29: Mr. G AETZ and Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER . H.R. 36: Mr. B
ARR, Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. S HU-
STER , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. W
ALORSKI , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. S MITH of Ne- braska, and Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 37: Mr. M
ITCHELL and Mrs. W ALORSKI . H.R. 82: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. G
IBBS, and Mr. W IL-
LIAMS . H.R. 91: Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H.R. 99: Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 113: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. C OOPER , and Ms. C AS-
TORof Florida. H.R. 115: Mr. P
ALAZZO and Mr. C ONAWAY . H.R. 140: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 147: Mr. M
ITCHELL and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 173: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. B
UDD, Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. T HOMP -
SON of Mississippi, Mrs. B USTOS , and Ms. M
AXINE WATERS of California. H.R. 198: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD and Ms. G
RANGER . H.R. 202: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 244: Mrs. T
ORRES . H.R. 245: Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 257: Mr. G
ROTHMAN and Mr. L
OUDERMILK . H.R. 303: Mr. A
MODEI , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. S
IMPSON , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. D UNN, Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 305: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. W
ELCH , and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 308: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 350: Mr. K
INDand Mr. S CHRADER , H.R. 367: Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. A DERHOLT , and Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 371: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 377: Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. B
ABIN. H.R. 390: Mr. K
INZINGER . H.R. 400: Mr. B
IGGS. H.R. 406: Mr. H
IMES and Mr. S CHIFF . H.R. 411: Mr. L
OUDERMILK and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 429: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 463: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl- vania, and Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 482: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 490: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 496: Mr. B
ACON and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 502: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 530: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 544: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 545: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B
ABIN, and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 564: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 568: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 585: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 608: Mr. G
OSAR . H.R. 613: Mr. G
RIFFITH and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 628: Mr. D
ENHAM . H.R. 630: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H.R. 631: Mr. H
ILL, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Ms. C
HENEY , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama, and Mr. H URD. H.R. 637: Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 639: Mr. Y
OHOand Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 647: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 656: Mr. J
ONES , Mr. C ARTER of Geor- gia, Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. M
ARSHALL , and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 662: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 664: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 667: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H.R. 669: Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. R
USH. H.R. 704: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 711: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 712: Mr. H
OYER . H.R. 721: Mr. B
YRNE and Mr. P ETERSON . H.R. 724: Mr. R
UIZ. H.R. 739: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 747: Mr. B
UCKand Mr. P ASCRELL . H.R. 748: Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. C ORREA , and Ms. L
EE. H.R. 755: Mr. M
ASSIE . H.R. 769: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H.R. 772: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida. H.R. 778: Mr. G
ALLAGHER and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 781: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD . H.R. 785: Mr. A
LLEN . H.R. 787: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 789: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 792: Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 800: Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. K INDand Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 804: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. B ERA, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. C OOPER , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Ms. T
SONGAS . H.R. 806: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 807: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD and Mr. C ART-
WRIGHT . H.R. 813: Mr. K
IHUEN , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. C
OSTA and Mr. L EVIN. H.R. 816: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. E
NGEL , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 820: Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. H
ECK, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Ms. R OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. C LARK  of Massachusetts, Mr. K
INGof New York, Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B ARR, Mr. C ON-
YERS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 823: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 830: Mr. R
OSKAM . H.R. 837: Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. Y
ARMUTH , Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. R USH. H.R. 844: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 849: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 850: Mr. B
IGGS and Mr. L EWIS of Min- nesota. H.R. 852: Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 857: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.J. Res. 27: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey and Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.J. Res. 42: Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. R
OUZER . H.J. Res. 43: Mr. G
ARRETT , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. F ERGUSON , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. G
OWDY , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota, and Mr. G
RIFFITH . H.J. Res. 53: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida, and Ms. S HEA-PORTER . H.J. Res. 57: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.J. Res. 58: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.J. Res, 59: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. R
OSS, and Mr. B UCSHON . H. Con. Res. 10: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. C
APUANO and Mr. W
ALBERG . H. Res. 31: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H. Res. 78: Ms. G
ABBARD . H. Res. 84: Mrs. T
ORRES and Mr. V ALADAO . H. Res. 85: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
10. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the City Council, Akron, OH, relative to Res-olution No. 2-2017, urging Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Lead-er Mitch McConnell not to reduce or elimi-nate funding to Planned Parenthood as this organization provides essential reproductive health services to Ohio women, especially those living in poverty and young women; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 11. Also, a petition of the Board of Super-visors, Dinwiddie County, VA, relative to a Resolution urging Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Senator Mark Warner, Senator Tim Kaine, and all United States Senators to reintroduce the Marketplace Fairness Act into the United States Senate during its 2017 session; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 12. Also, a petition of the Electors of the Village of Mount Horeb, WI, relative to Reso-lution No. 2016-11, seeking to reclaim democ-racy from the expansion of corporate personhood rights and the corrupting influ-ence of unregulated political contributions and spending.; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:39 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE7.049 H07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK7TPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE153 February 7, 2017 
DISAPPROVING A RULE SUB-MITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BILL JOHNSON 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 1, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, the Resolution of Disapproval under the Congres-sional Review Act that we consider today, if enacted, would void the Stream Protection Rule (SPR). In light of an independent anal-ysis of the potential impacts of the rule includ-ing the loss of at least one third of existing coal mining jobs, this resolution is absolutely critical for our Nation’s coal miners, their com-munities, and the related industries that sup-port and rely on coal mining. If enacted, the joint resolution disapproving the SPR would bar the Office of Surface Min-ing, Reclamation and Enforcement (OSM) from reissuing the rule in substantially the same form, or issue a new rule that is sub-stantially the same as the SPR, unless specifi-cally authorized by subsequently enacted leg-islation. The SPR represents a near-complete regulatory re-write by adding, amending or modifying 475 different regulations under the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act (SMCRA) program. The unlawful and offend-ing features of the rule include impermissibly duplicating and conflicting with other federal and state laws; diminishing the exclusive regu-latory jurisdiction of States with approved pro-grams under SMCRA; interfering with the pri-mary governmental responsibility SMCRA del-egates to States for developing, issuing and enforcing regulations for surface coal mining and reclamation operations within their bor-ders; applying to underground mining oper-ations standards and requirements intended for surface mining operations despite the dis-tinct differences between surface and under-ground mining; and, requiring changes to ap-proved state programs without a demonstra-tion that the state program is no longer effec-tive in meeting the purposes of SMCRA. Therefore, any rule which includes any of these components is substantially the same as the SPR for purposes of the Congressional Review Act. An example of impermissible duplication or conflict with other federal and state laws or the authorities of other agencies would be a re-cently completed biological opinion and memorandum of understanding (MOU) be-tween OSM and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the SPR allows the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to effectively veto any SMCRA permit simply by withholding approval. Issuing SMCRA permits is the exclusive province of SMCRA regulatory authorities, which in most cases are the States with approved SMCRA programs. Nothing in SMCRA or the Endan-gered Species Act (ESA) gives the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service the power to disapprove, veto, or otherwise withhold a SMCRA permit. Any rule subsequently promulgated by OSM which gives the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service the authority to directly or indirectly disapprove SMCRA permits would be substantially the same as the SPR and therefore impermissible. There are many other provisions which overlap, duplicate, or conflict with the require-ments of other state and federal laws, which is prohibited by Section 702 of SMCRA. For example, the SPR violates both the Clean Water Act (CWA) and SMCRA by claiming for OSM the authority not only to enforce the CWA, but to also superimpose regulations that duplicate, conflict with and override CWA pro-grams. Similarly, OSM vastly expanded the applicability of the ESA by requiring states and operators to account for species proposed for listing as threatened or endangered, which runs counter to the intent of the ESA and would have circumvented the rulemaking proc-ess established in the Administrative Proce-dures Act. Such self-deputization and usurpa-tion of authority is a cornerstone of the SPR and any future rulemaking by OSM which at-tempts to duplicate, usurp, conflict with, or oth-erwise overlap with the existing requirements of other state and federal laws and the au-thorities of other state and federal agencies would be substantially the same as the SPR. The SPR includes dozens of provisions which diminish the states’ authority under SMCRA. Because of the wide diversity in physical conditions across the nation’s coal fields, Congress expressly delegated to the states the authority for developing and tai-loring SMCRA’s requirements to those condi-tions. A good example of how the rule tram-ples the states’ authority is its attempt to set a national definition for ‘‘material damage to the hydrologic balance outside the permit area.’’ With the diversity in physical conditions and hydrology across the states and even within a state, it defies commons sense to pro-mulgate a federal definition. It also robs the states of their delegated authority to tailor their rules in a manner that is suitable for meeting that statutory objective. To make matters worse, the rule precludes states from making appropriate adjustments on how SMCRA ob-jectives should be achieved for distinct types of operations such as surface or underground mines. The rule is replete with examples of the mindset that only Washington knows best. Ironically, it’s the states that possess the vast experience of regulating 97 percent of the coal mines in this country since SMCRA was passed in 1977. A rule that attempts to repeat this ‘‘one-size-fits-all’’ model would be sub-stantially the same as the SPR. 
f 
IN HONOR OF SABU J.R. SHAKE, THE PAISANO OF THE YEAR 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sabu J.R. Shake, the Paisano of the Year, for all that he has done for our commu-nity on the central coast of California. The fourth son of Isabella Shake and the late Sabu Shake, Sr. and brother to Benji, David, Chris, Angelo, and Tene, Sabu was born and grew up in Monterey, California. He is the proud father of five children and grand-father of two. From a young age, Sabu understood the value of hard work. He worked at the family restaurant, Old Fisherman’s Grotto, as a bus-boy and worked his way up to become a maıˆtre d’, cashier, and manager. Through this experience, he learned all aspects of the res-taurant business. Building on his early experience in the hos-pitality business, Sabu and his brother Chris opened The Fish Hopper restaurant on the historic Cannery Row in 1995. With the huge success of that restaurant, Sabu opened an-other Fish Hopper in Kona, Hawaii and, re-cently with Chris, Scales Seafood & Steaks on the Fisherman’s Wharf in Monterey. While Sabu is a pillar in the business com-munity, he is also a steadfast servant to the community he calls home. As a past board member of the Boys & Girls Club and current member of the Paisano Club, Chaine des Rotisseurs, Compari Club, Sher-iff’s Advisory Council, and Italian American Cultural Center Foundation, he has dem-onstrated an unwavering commitment to com-munity service. In memory of his father, Sabu Shake, Sr., Sabu organized the first Sabu’s Safari to raise money for The Salvation Army’s Monterey Pe-ninsula Corps in 2007. Today, the annual gala is attended by close to 500 people and raises thousands of dollars for The Salvation Army. To date, this event has raised more than $1,725,000. In 2012, Sabu initiated a Turkey Drive chal-lenge by reaching out to friends and business colleagues for donations to purchase turkeys for people in need during the holidays. The Turkey Drive has become an annual tradition which provides nearly 1,500 turkeys every year. Sabu also hosts an annual Christmas Toy Drive. Through that event each year, nearly 300 toys are collected for The Salvation Army to give to children during the holidays. Following Hurricane Iselle, which hit Hawaii in 2014, Sabu raised more than $15,000 for The Salvation Army in Hawaii to aid recovery efforts. Later that fall, Sabu hosted the first an-nual Red Kettle Kickoff for The Salvation Army at The Fish Hopper in Kona, Hawaii and it was a huge success. Due to his incredible generosity, The Salva-tion Army gave Sabu the M. Temple Eliott award and The Others Award, which is the highest national award given to a civilian by The Salvation Army. Mr. Speaker, I know the whole U.S. House of Representatives joins me in honoring and congratulating Sabu J.R. Shake on being cho-sen as the Paisano of the Year. Thank you, Sabu, for your service to our Central Coast and nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.001 E07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE154 February 7, 2017 
HONORING ETHAN MICHAEL CUPP 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Ethan Michael Cupp. Ethan is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citizen-ship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1351, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Ethan has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Ethan has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Ethan has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Ethan Michael Cupp for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE THOMAS IRVINE DODGE NATURE CENTER 
HON. BETTY McCOLLUM 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Ms. M
CCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the volunteers, staff, visitors and supporters of the Thomas Irvine Dodge Nature Center in West Saint Paul, Minnesota on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the center. Founded in 1967 by Olivia Irvine Dodge, the center has served as a pioneering venue for environmental education and a premier out-door classroom for generations of Minnesota students. Dodge Nature Center is a rare jewel, lo-cated on 460 acres of land minutes from downtown Saint Paul, where visitors can hike for miles through prairies, hardwood forests, lakes, wetlands, and visit a working farm, or-chard and bee apiary. The various biomes and landscapes provide an ever changing class-room for which to learn about the natural envi-ronment of Minnesota. Olivia Irvine Dodge was a true trail blazer in environmental education, and the core mission of Dodge Nature Center is teaching children about the inherent beauty and complexity of the natural world around us. Throughout the past five decades, environmental educators at the center have developed an expansive envi-ronmental curriculum that has introduced hun-dreds of thousands of students from the Twin Cities to the science of the great outdoors. Be-cause of the vision of Olivia Irvine Dodge and the center board and staff, children and adults alike learn how to care for and appreciate the incredible splendor of Minnesota’s natural sur-roundings. Growing up in neighboring South Saint Paul, I was fortunate to have many opportunities to visit and learn at Dodge Nature Center both as a child and as a young. Leading groups of children through the nature center to learn about the plants and animals around us was a highlight of my summers as a YMCA camp counselor. Then as it is now, the Dodge Na-ture Center is an integral part of our commu-nity that allows children and adults alike to connect with nature, and enables them to learn about science and conservation. Today, opportunities to visit Dodge remain special events for me. Whatever the season, I look forward to walking trails to experience nature right in the backyard of Minnesota’s capital city. On February 9th, Dodge Nature Center staff, volunteers, friends, family and supporters will gather to celebrate five decades of the center’s mission to connect people to nature through education. In honoring this occasion, it is particularly fitting that Richard Louv will headline the gathering. As a world renowned author and environmental educator, Mr. Louv literally wrote the book about how to counter nature-deficit disorder and reconnect children and their families with the natural world. His work has sparked an international movement for the great outdoors that builds on the foun-dation forged by Olivia Irvine Dodge. Mr. Speaker, please join me in rising to rec-ognize the 50th Anniversary of Dodge Nature Center, and commend the passion and dedi-cation of so many volunteers, staff and board members for providing exceptional environ-mental education for today’s youth and for fu-ture generations of Minnesotans. f 
RECOGNIZING MAX WARD 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a longtime business leader in north Georgia, Max F. Ward, who passed away on January 25th. He was a lov-ing husband, devoted father, and loyal friend, and his innovation and dedication to his work expanded and strengthened the poultry indus-try of the Ninth District. Mr. Ward graduated from Vanderbilt Univer-sity in 1942 and continued his education at the University of Memphis Law School. Shortly after graduating, Mr. Ward joined the 20th Air Force Division, where he served for four years during World War II. During his military career, he earned a Presidential Citation, the Good Conduct Medal, two bronze stars, and several theater ribbons. In 1950, Mr. Ward moved to Gainesville and joined the poultry industry, serving as Presi-dent of Mar-Jac Poultry and Vice President of CWT Farms International, both successful job- creators in Gainesville, GA. When he was not growing the district’s poul-try industry, Mr. Ward was serving the com-munity in other ways. Mr. Ward was also an Eagle Scout and the Scoutmaster for Troop 16 of the Gainesville First United Methodist Church. In 1993, he was voted Rotary Club Man of the Year. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize the life and accomplishments of this influential leader of industry in northeast Georgia, Mr. Max Ward. May his family and our commu-nities be encouraged by his legacy. IN HONOR OF HENRY ‘‘HANK’’ ADAMS HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor the life of an exem-plary leader in the Turlock Assyrian commu-nity, Henry ‘‘Hank’’ Adams. The beloved hus-band, brother, father, and grandfather died at the age of 92 on Friday, February 3, 2017. Born and raised in Turlock, California to Reverend Isaac and Sarah Adams, Henry was one of eight children. His father is known as the patriarch of Turlock’s Assyrian community and is honored each year at the annual Assyr-ian Festival. Isaac Adams was the driving force behind Turlock becoming home to the largest Assyrian population in California. He encouraged his fellow Assyrians to join him in the Central Valley and farm in the rich soils of the region. In 1943, at the age of 18, Henry graduated from Turlock High School and received his draft notice to serve in World War II. Instead, he drove to Castle Air Force Base in Atwater, California and enlisted in the Army Air Corps. Henry completed over 20 bombing missions in Japan on the Lucky Lady B–29 bomber. On August 6, 1945, he remained on standby, waiting for an order to take off in case of retal-iation after the Enola Gay dropped the atomic bomb on Hiroshima while stationed on Tinian Island. Discharged at the rank of Lieutenant in 1947, Henry moved to San Francisco where he married his wife, Joanne Tuohey. He later worked at Lockheed Martin Missiles and Space in Sunnyvale and retired in 1989. Fol-lowing his retirement, the couple traveled across the world and settled back down in Henry’s hometown of Turlock. Henry had a genuine love for his country and his community. He was known for his service and contributions to the Assyrian com-munity, where he continued the legacy that his father left behind. Henry leaves behind the love of his life and his wife of sixty-two years, Joanne, their two daughters, Nora Adams and Nellie Adams-Morse, two grandchildren, and sister Florence Essa Johnson. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and recognizing the life of Henry ‘‘Hank’’ Adams for his service to his country, his unwavering leadership and many accomplishments and contributions to the Turlock Assyrian commu-nity. God bless him always. 
f 
HONORING MITCHELL KARL WOLBERT 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Mitchell Karl Wolbert. Mitchell is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1351, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07FE8.002 E07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE155 February 7, 2017 
Mitchell has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Mitchell has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Mitchell has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Mitchell Karl Wolbert for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber for roll call votes 79 and 80 on Monday, February 6, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on roll call votes 79 and 80. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MONSIGNOR MICHAEL J. DOYLE 
HON. DONALD NORCROSS 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Monsignor Michael J. Doyle on the occasion of the City of Camden, New Jersey naming a street in his honor on Monday, Feb-ruary 6, 2017. This street is in proximity to Sa-cred Heart Church, which Father Doyle has shepherded since 1974. Monsignor Doyle is a man of conviction who was born in Ireland in 1934 and came to the United States of America by boat. He chose the Catholic Diocese of Camden for his priestly vocation in the late 1950s and started serving the City of Camden in 1967. Before taking the helm at Sacred Heart, he taught students in Diocesan schools. Always willing to fight for what he believed was right, Monsignor Doyle helped plant crosses memorializing Camden City’s murder victims in front of Camden City Hall when he felt more could be done to stem rampant vio-lence. In the 1970s, he was a staunch oppo-nent of the Vietnam War. He’s known to those in his parish as someone who is not afraid to fight for peace. Monsignor Doyle is also known for his serv-ice to the poor, as well as his poetry. Actor Martin Sheen narrated a documentary entitled ‘‘Poet of Poverty’’ which focused on Monsignor Doyle’s poetry and letters to his congregation. While the City of Camden has its chal-lenges, Monsignor Doyle chooses to focus on the beauty of the community he calls home. His congregation consists of people from the City, but also a large number of individuals visit Sacred Heart from surrounding suburbs. Monsignor Doyle has been a champion of the arts and community gardens. He has been a longtime advocate for improved housing, better medical care, community beautification and better educational opportunities for his neighborhood. He believes his two greatest achievements are keeping his parish school open, and opening a community gym called the Doyle Fieldhouse, where all are welcome. For these reasons and countless more, it is fitting that we honor this man for his great works and contributions. His dedication to God, the City of Camden, his parishioners and his community are unrivaled. I am fortunate to know him. And as a resident of the City of Camden, I can say our City is grateful to have him as a faithful steward. Thank you, Mon-signor Doyle for what you continue to do for us all. f 
HONORING CHERYL REDGATE 
HON. LINDA T. SA´NCHEZ 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate National School Counseling Week, and to honor a treasured member of my com-munity and school counselor at Santa Fe High School, Cheryl Redgate. Ms. Redgate has been a counselor at Santa Fe High School for 35 years and is an inclusive and caring sup-port system for her students. She has dedi-cated her life to empowering students and in-stilling in them the values of selflessness and giving, and she has made a tremendous im-pact on the lives of every student she meets. In addition to her position as counselor, Ms. Redgate serves in many leadership roles at Santa Fe High School. She has been the leading representative for the school’s anti- drunk driving program ‘‘Every 15 Minutes,’’ leading parent debriefs for the parents of those who participated. She designed Parent Education Day and the Service Learning Pro-gram, which acknowledges students for their participation in community service and rein-forces her dedication to teaching the values of selflessness and giving. Ms. Redgate has devoted her life to helping others. She founded the Christmas Family Program to provide gifts for those in need dur-ing the holidays, and the Serenity Center which acts as a safe zone on campus where licensed clinical social workers are available for students. Santa Fe High School is a special place be-cause of dedicated professionals like Ms. Redgate, and I couldn’t be more proud to honor her today. If more people were like Ms. Redgate, the world would be a much nicer place. In honor of National School Counseling Week, I ask my colleagues to join me in thanking all the school counselors who are making a positive impact in the lives of our students. 
f 
HONORING COLBY LAYNE MATTHYS 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Colby Layne Matthys. Colby is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1351, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Colby has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Colby has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Colby has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Colby Layne Matthys for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. f 
RECOGNIZING CALIFORNIA’S VITAL FLOOD PROTECTIONS 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the investments in flood control infrastructure made by local flood control agencies in California, as well as by the State itself. Water in California is feast or famine. For the last five years we have had a famine, and now we have a feast. During the massive California floods of 1997, 9 lives were lost, 120,000 people were evacuated and roughly 23,000 homes and businesses were damaged across the state. The greater Sacramento area, part of which I represent, is the 2nd most flood prone region in the United States, behind only New Orle-ans. Mr. Speaker, my constituents take flood protection very seriously. Because of this, there are many local agen-cies spearheading critical projects throughout my district that I’d like to recognize, including the Sutter Butte Flood Control Agency, the Yuba County Water Agency, the Marysville Levee District, the City of Woodland, the City of West Sacramento, Reclamation District 2140, the State of California, and the Central Valley Flood Protection Board. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has also played a pivotal role in all of these projects and should be commended. Mr. Speaker, floods do not recognize the boundaries of congressional districts. There-fore, Congressman L
AMALFA and Congress-woman M
ATSUI should also be praised for their work on flood control as many of the projects undertaken by the agencies I mentioned have a footprint in all of our districts. There is no question that investment in flood control pays dividends. In 2006, California vot-ers passed Proposition 1E which provided $4.09 billion in flood control infrastructure. To date, almost all of that funding has been allo-cated. These bonds, in tandem with invest-ment from local flood control agencies and the federal government, have funded significant improvements in many, but not all of, the lev-ees that protect my constituents. Those improvements were highlighted this winter, when almost all of the state’s rivers and reservoirs were filled to capacity. State-wide rainfall between October and December of 2016 was 143 percent of the historical aver-age while combined inflows to California’s res-ervoirs were the 2nd highest in recorded his-tory. Yet the levees held and we were able to avoid any major flooding. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K07FE8.003 E07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE156 February 7, 2017 
Given all of this, Mr. Speaker, I stand here today to urge my colleagues and the new Ad-ministration to continue to prioritize federal in-vestment in flood control infrastructure. 
f 
CHLOE BARTINE EARNS GIRL SCOUT GOLD AWARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Chloe Bartine of Katy, TX, for earning her Girl Scout Gold Award. The Gold Award is the highest achievement a Girl Scout can earn. To earn this distin-guished award, Chloe had to spend at least 80 hours developing and executing a project that would benefit the community as well as have a long-term impact on girls. For her Gold award project, Chloe designed and built two Little Free Libraries for Neighborhood Kidz Club in the Western Pines and Trinity Hunters Place communities in Katy, TX. She wanted to develop an easy, free way for children to have access to books during the summer or holiday breaks. Chloe hosted a book drive with over 25 volunteers to make sure the libraries were fully stocked. Chloe has volunteered for Neighborhood Kidz Club’s summer reading program the past few summers. She will grad-uate from Seven Lakes High School and plans to attend the University of Alabama in the fall. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Chloe Bartine for earning her Girl Scout Gold Award. We are confident she will have continued success in her future endeavors. We are very proud. 
f 
COMMENDING MARIA LOHMEYER FOR HER ROLE WITH THE 58TH PRESIDENTIAL INAUGURATION 
HON. GREGG HARPER 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, it is with consid-erable gratitude that I rise today in order to recognize Maria Lohmeyer and the staff she assembled to host a historic and successful 58th Presidential Inauguration. Through her role with the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration, Maria led the Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies which was charged with the re-sponsibility of planning and executing the swearing-in ceremonies for the President and Vice President of the United States. Addition-ally, the Joint Congressional Committee was responsible for planning the Inaugural Lunch-eon where Congress came together to wel-come the new administration following the in-augural swearing-in ceremonies at the U.S. Capitol. The Presidential Inauguration has been the hallmark of American democracy since 1789. During this ceremony, individuals elected by the people stand before God and the country and swear an oath to uphold the sacred duties to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitu-tion of the United States. On Friday, January 20, 2017, America again came together as we have so many times be-fore to witness this peaceful transition of power from one Administration to the next. As Americans, we celebrated both an honorable ending and a hopeful new beginning. The success of the Presidential Inaugural Ceremonies is due to so many individuals, from staff to our law enforcement and first re-sponders. However, none of the ceremonies would be possible if not for the careful plan-ning and implementation by superb and patri-otic individuals. Maria is one of those special individuals who rose to the challenge of planning the 58th Presidential Inauguration. I thank her for her stewardship over the inaugural ceremonies, which has played such an important and impactful role in our shared history. f 
HONORING LUCAS MATTHEW HODSON 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Lucas Matthew Hodson. Lucas is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1351, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Lucas has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Lucas has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Lucas has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Lucas Matthew Hodson for his accomplishments with the Boy Scouts of America and for his efforts put forth in achiev-ing the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
DEBORAH SHAPIRA AND BARRY L. STERN 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor two community leaders, Deborah Shapira and Barry L. Stern, who are being recognized as the Guests of Honor at this year’s 48th Annual SAR Anniversary Dinner. Deborah and Barry have been intimately in-volved in SAR’s outreach and operations, and are integral to the organization’s success. They are most deserving of this wonderful rec-ognition. Ask anyone and they’ll tell you, Deborah and Barry are among SAR’s most thoughtful, humble and gracious members. Deborah serves on the SAR Board of Trustees, and is Chair of the SAR Academy Board of Edu-cation. Together, they served as Regional Vice Chairs for the 2014 Dinner, where Barry was involved in strategy and outreach. Debo-rah is a most active volunteer, working as a grade representative, class parent, Learning to Look volunteer, and committee member for the Academy’s Chanukat Habayit, and regu-larly offering her wisdom on an array of aca-demic issues. They have opened their home for parlor meetings and ‘meet and greets’ to introduce and mentor SAR’s new families. Deborah, a graduate of the HaSha’ar teach-er training program at the Drisha Institute, taught at Beit Rabban Day School in Manhat-tan. She currently serves as Board Chair for the Pardes Institute of Jewish Studies, North America. Barry is Associate Clinical Professor of Medical Psychology at Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons. He also has a private psychotherapy practice in mid-town Manhattan. But for Deborah and Barry, their true pas-sion and love is first for family. They have three beautiful children, Pearl, Kayla, and Matan, and they are their pride and joy. Congratulations again to Deborah and Barry on receiving this wonderful recognition, and thank you for all you’ve done in the community. f 
HONORING BRIAN AND JENNIFER FULLEN, AND BRIAN RICHARD 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the brave contributions of Brian and Jennifer Fullen, and Brian Richard, citizens of Walla Walla, Washington. On December 2, 2016, an early morning fire broke out in an apartment building in Walla Walla. Awakening to the commotion and see-ing the growing danger, Brian and Jennifer Fullen immediately called for help and left the safety of their own home to assist those es-caping from the growing blaze. The call for as-sistance was answered by Brian Richard, a teacher at Pioneer Middle School and a volun-teer firefighter, who rushed to the scene to lend a hand. Mr. Fullen and Mr. Richard, without regard for their own personal safety, kicked in a door to the apartment building and searched for those who may have been trapped. They even assisted in the evacuation of a neighboring building as a precautionary measure. Mrs. Fullen assisted those who escaped the fire be-fore emergency responders arrived at the scene. Mr. and Mrs. Fullen and Mr. Richard have been recognized by both the Walla Walla Pub-lic Schools and the Walla Walla Fire Depart-ment for their heroic efforts. The contributions of Mr. and Mrs. Fullen and Mr. Richard are prime examples of bravery and courage in the face of danger. I am proud to honor Mr. and Mrs. Fullen and Mr. Richard for their valuable and selfless contribution to the community of Walla Walla. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.008 E07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE157 February 7, 2017 
RICHMOND, TX SENIOR SELECTED FOR VOLLEYBALL ALL-STATE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Valerie Valerian of Richmond, TX, for being selected for the Texas Girls Coaching Association volleyball all-state. The George Ranch senior was selected for all-state after leading her team, the Lady Longhorns, to a playoff victory. Throughout the playoffs, Valerie had a team-best of 564 kills while hitting .343 and leading with 4.1 digs per set. Following the playoffs, Valerie was also awarded the District 23–6A Offensive MVP and was selected as Player of the Match for over 20 volleyball games over the last two seasons. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Valerie Valerian for being selected for volleyball all-state. We are proud of her talent and know she will represent TX–22 well at all- state. 
f 
HONORING JONAH ANDREW HOPPE 
HON. SAM GRAVES 
OF MISSOURI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I proudly pause to recognize Jonah Andrew Hoppe. Jonah is a very special young man who has exemplified the finest qualities of citi-zenship and leadership by taking an active part in the Boy Scouts of America, Troop 1351, and earning the most prestigious award of Eagle Scout. Jonah has been very active with his troop, participating in many scout activities. Over the many years Jonah has been involved with scouting, he has not only earned numerous merit badges, but also the respect of his fam-ily, peers, and community. Most notably, Jonah has contributed to his community through his Eagle Scout project. Mr. Speaker, I proudly ask you to join me in commending Jonah Andrew Hoppe for his ac-complishments with the Boy Scouts of Amer-ica and for his efforts put forth in achieving the highest distinction of Eagle Scout. 
f 
CONGRATULATING MR. & MRS. MI-CHAEL MILLER ON THEIR GOLD-EN WEDDING ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ROGER WILLIAMS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. and Mrs. Michael Miller on the 50th Anniversary of their marriage on February 23, 1967. Their 50 years of dedication and love for one another should be an inspiration to us all. Michael Joseph Miller and Margret Anne Miller met in Plymouth, England in 1965 while Michael was on assignment as a submariner in the Royal Canadian Navy. Following their marriage and the birth of three children, Sarah, Mark, and Simon, the Millers lived and worked in both Canada and England before moving to Michigan in 1979 just prior to the birth of their youngest child, Miles. On July 4, 1996, the day of our Nation’s independence, Mr. and Mrs. Miller became naturalized U.S. citizens. Inspired by this, all of their children have become naturalized citi-zens, while their youngest son, Miles, currently serves as a Captain in the United States Army. In 2007, Michael and Margret retired to Lakeway, Texas, which is in the district which I represent. They live happily there to this day, enjoying the natural beauty of the Texas Hill Country. Mr. Speaker, I would once again like to con-gratulate them on this happy day for them, their 50th Wedding Anniversary. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BOBBY L. RUSH 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, on February 6 and 7, 2017, circumstances beyond my control ne-cessitated my absence from the House and I, therefore, am requesting a leave of absence from the House. 
f 
COMMENDING THE ACTIVITIES OF THE MCL AND OTHERS TO BRING FREEDOM TO CUBA 
HON. MARIO DIAZ-BALART 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. DIAZ-BALART. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the activities of Cuba’s Christian Liberation Movement, which works to bring freedom, democracy, and the rule of law to Cuba. The movement was founded by the late Oswaldo Paya, an activist who courageously struggled to bring freedom to Cuba until his death at the hands of the Castro regime in 2012. Today, another activist and leader of the Christian Liberation Movement, Eduardo Cardet, remains imprisoned in Holguin for sim-ply opposing the totalitarianism of the Castro dictatorship. He was arrested in November 2016 and faces a fifteen year sentence. Other courageous activists such as artist Danilo Maldonado ‘‘El Sexto’’ and labor activist Ivan Hernandez Carrillo have been brutalized, threatened and imprisoned for shouldering the cause of liberty. Others such as Rosa Maria Paya, who bravely carries on the mission of her father Oswaldo, have chosen to continue the struggle for freedom in Cuba despite grave personal risks. The malevolent Castro regime has the blood of many innocents on its hands, and those who dare to oppose its tyranny. Mr. Speaker, I commend the determination and bravery of these and so many others who continue to press for human rights, basic lib-erties, and a genuine democratic transition in Cuba. They eloquently and effectively bring at-tention to the egregious human rights abuses that occur daily in Cuba. While repression continues to escalate in Cuba, so does the re-solve of Cuba’s pro-democracy movement. Today, Cuba’s future is already being shaped by those working to bring about democratic change. The Cuban people will be free, and the per-petrators of their oppression will be held ac-countable for their crimes. In the meantime, Mr. Speaker, I pray for the safety of those who continue the struggle for freedom in Cuba de-spite the enormity of the risks. I take this op-portunity to express my wholehearted and un-wavering solidarity with them, and urge my colleagues to continue their efforts in has-tening their freedom. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF THE HON-ORABLE ALVIN BALDUS FOR HIS LIFE OF SERVICE IN THE U.S. CONGRESS, WISCONSIN STATE LEGISLATURE, AND ARMED FORCES OF THE UNITED STATES 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the distinguished life of Alvin Baldus, who passed away on February 2, 2017 at the age of 90 in Menomonie, Wisconsin. An honorable veteran, public servant, and friend, Al’s service to this country is an inspiration to not only the state of Wisconsin but anyone who aspires to be in public service. I had the distinct honor to get to know Al and his wonderful family and am proud to have modeled my public service career after Al’s civil and accessible nature. Born in Garner, Iowa, Al graduated from Elkton High School in Minnesota, attended Austin Junior College in Austin, Minnesota, and served in the U.S. Merchant Marine dur-ing World War II from 1944 through 1946. During the Korean War, Al again answered the call to serve his country in the U.S. Army with the 2nd Infantry Division from 1951 through 1953, receiving the Bronze Service Star medal for his bravery and courage, which included action in the Battle of Old Baldy. In 1959, Al married the love of his life, Anna Lorayne ‘‘Lolly’’ Reiten and the two of them began to raise their family in Menomonie, Wis-consin. Soon after in 1966, Al’s community elected him to the Wisconsin State Assembly. For eight years, Al served Dunn County with integrity. For Al, this was just the beginning. Al not only served his fellow Wisconsinites in the State Assembly, but he also rep-resented the voices of the Third Congressional District in this body, the U.S. House of Rep-resentatives, from 1974 through 1980 during the 94th, 95th, and 96th Congresses. Al spent his years in the House as a strong voice for agriculture fighting for legislation that pro-moted environmental conservation, agricultural safety, and milk price supports. Al used his leadership as the chairman of the Dairy and Poultry Subcommittee of the House Agri-culture Committee to fight for farmers in the U.S. Congress. In 1989 Al’s strong commit-ment to serving his community convinced him to resume his lifelong joy of public service in the Wisconsin State Assembly until his retire-ment in 1997. I vividly remember meeting with Al, Lolly and his children with my wife Tawni to talk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.013 E07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE158 February 7, 2017 
about my future as a Congressional Rep-resentative. They graciously welcomed us into their home, and I was struck by how well be-haved and kind his children were. As our visit went on, I grew to understand that everything about Al and Lolly was authentic and acces-sible. It has been an honor for me to serve in the same seat that Al held many years ago. On behalf of my family, Wisconsin and a grateful nation, I would like to thank and commend Al for his years of dedicated service. Al’s col-leagues remember him for being kind, gra-cious, civil, and approachable. May his legacy continue to live in this chamber and across the nation. 
f 
CENTENNIAL CELEBRATION FOR PLYMOUTH 
HON. TOM McCLINTOCK 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. McCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Plymouth, California, for the celebra-tion of its centennial anniversary as a city. Plymouth is the site of the Amador County Fair and the gateway to the beautiful Shen-andoah Valley vineyards. When we think of the California Gold Coun-try, the image of the lone miner packing up a hillside with his mule, pick, and shovel come to mind. In reality, the Gold Rush, while a de-fining moment in our region’s history, lasted just a few years. According to the Amador County Historical Society, ‘‘there was not a single discovery of gold or a defining site that became the center of activity’’ in Plymouth. ‘‘The town was estab-lished in 1873, long after other mining camps had already become ghost towns.’’ With the easy gold taken from the streams, Green Alden and the Hooper family began to consolidate a number of hard rock mining camps in the region. They constructed a sim-ple trading post, described by the California Office of Historic Preservation as ‘‘all windows and doors of cast iron, with gun ports still in some of the windows. Walls at the base are 30″ thick, with beams in the basement that are 12″ x 12.″ The basement was dynamited out of shale rock and the entire foundation is visi-ble.’’ While the gold was hard to get, the Plym-outh mine produced more than $13.5 million in gold and continued to be worked until 1947, an ample source of wealth for the area. While some gold seekers left, either en-riched or disillusioned by their experience in the rivers, creeks and mountains, many others were determined to stay here and find other ways to make a living. Plymouth became a hub trading center, and grew during periods of prosperity, wars, de-pressions and local tragedies including several catastrophic fires. Each time the town rebuilt with the gritty pioneer spirit of determination which marks our region’s culture. Today, that heritage is celebrated at the Amador County Fair, which has gained a statewide reputation as one of the most au-thentic fairs in California. Filled with rolling green lawns, heritage oak trees, and spotless grounds, the Amador County Fairgrounds is simply a must see for anyone who wants to have a true Gold Country experience. Today, Plymouth has over 1,000 residents contributing to the local economy by accessing small businesses, farms, and orchards. Mr. Speaker, the City of Plymouth continues to work with state and federal partners to im-prove its infrastructure for its citizens and pro-vide a wonderful quality of life. Plymouth has enjoyed a century of progress and prosperity and is poised for a lucrative future. f 
IN MEMORY OF GENIE MUNNERLYN DUNCAN 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, the Midlands of South Carolina has lost a beloved civic leader with the death of Genie Duncan. Services were conducted by Pre-siding Minister Rev. Donna Stone Eidson and Pianist Christopher A. McCroskey at Trinity United Methodist Church. The following obit-uary from the church program was heartfelt and appropriate: 
Genie Munnerlyn Duncan, 79, was born May 24, 1937, in Marion, SC, and passed away Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. She was the daugh-ter of the late Joseph and Catherine Munnerlyn and graduated from Marion High School and Columbia College. She will be deeply missed by her five children, Donald (Laurie), Susan, Madison, Brian (Shannon), and Jody, as well as her five grandchildren, Ashton, Hunter, Landon, Taylor, and Skylar. She is also survived by her brothers, Jody (Ginger) and Sammy (Diane) Munnerlyn. She was preceded in death by her husband of 35 years, Donald A. Duncan. Genie lived a full and extraordinary life. She was passionate about her family, faith, her side of politics, USC sports, and ‘‘holding court’’ at Nick’s on Sunset Blvd. She touched everyone she met in a deep and meaningful way. Her greatest gift to the world was the love she shared with everyone. The love she leaves behind will warm our hearts and conversations for years to come. In memory of their sisterly friendship with Genie, the Honorary Pallbearers are carrying a red rose given to them by the family per Genie’s request. Memorials may be made to Trinity United Methodist Church Maintenance Fund, 1201 Mohawk Dr., West Columbia, SC 29169.A07FE8. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DEREK KILMER 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, Feb-ruary 06, 2017, I missed two votes due to un-avoidable travel delays in route to our nation’s capital. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: On roll call No.79—H.R. 689, the Bolts Ditch Access and Use Act, I would have voted yes. On roll call No. 80—H.R. 337, the Black Hills National Cemetery Boundary Expansion Act, I would have voted yes. f 
INTRODUCTION OF LEGISLATION TO REMOVE THE RESTRICTIONS ON CERTAIN LAND TRANS-FERRED TO ROCKINGHAM COUN-TY, VIRGINIA 
HON. BOB GOODLATTE 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce legislation to remove deed use re-strictions on one acre of property used for the Plains Area Day Care Center in Broadway, Virginia. For over 25 years, the Plains Area Day Care Center has utilized this land to pro-vide childcare on a sliding scale to many fami-lies who otherwise could not afford such a benefit. In 1989, the federal government deeded, with restriction, three acres of land to Rocking-ham County, a county in the Sixth Congres-sional District of Virginia, which I represent. The government transferred this land to the county on the condition that this property be used for public purposes. Rockingham County then decided that the non-profit day care cen-ter could benefit from the use of the old build-ings already housed on the land. Therefore, in 1990, Congress enacted Public Law 101–479, which allowed a specified portion of the three acres of the transferred land to be used for a child care center. Donations by the community totaling $75,000 turned the garage building into a nursery, daycare, and afterschool care facility. Additionally, the creation of the day care cen-ter provided for the construction of a play-ground that the center supports, which is open for public use. As one would imagine, after two decades of consistent use, the day care facility is in desperate need of repairs. Unfor-tunately, because of the narrow way Public Law 101–479 was drafted and because of the terms of the deed, the day care center has been unable to secure a loan to complete the much-needed renovations. To solve this issue, my legislation would re-move the deed use restrictions from the one acre of property on which the building resides. This would allow the day care center and Rockingham County to make needed up-grades. This legislation, which was approved by the House of Representatives by a vote of 407–0 in the 114th Congress as H.R. 2288, is a simple formality. However, it is of great im-portance to those being served by this day care center in the Rockingham County com-munity. By passing this legislation and allowing Rockingham County more authority over the land, it will ensure that more children and more of the community will be served by this land. I urge my colleagues to support this bi-partisan legislation in the 115th Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K07FE8.010 E07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE159 February 7, 2017 
HONORING RABBI ADAM BALDACHIN 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and welcome a new leader in the com-munity, Rabbi Adam Baldachin, who on Feb-ruary 5, 2017 will be installed as the new Rabbi of Shaarei Tikvah in Scarsdale. Rabbi Baldachin joined Shaarei Tikvah in July 2016, drawn by the community’s energy and warmth. He previously served as the Rabbi of Montebello Jewish Center in Rock-land County. There, he founded the Rockland Clergy for Social Justice, a group of Jewish, Christian and Muslim clerics advocating for fair and equitable education for the public school students of East Ramapo, a district controlled by an ultra-Orthodox school board. Rabbi Baldachin has also served commu-nities as close as Riverdale, which is also a part of my district, and as far as Israel and Uganda. In Uganda he worked with the Abayudaya, the local Jewish Community, teaching Hebrew, leading services, and help-ing to build sustainable businesses. A native of New Providence, NJ, Rabbi Baldachin earned his undergraduate degree from the Joint Program of Columbia University and the Jewish Theological Seminary. He then completed his Rabbinical Degree with an M.A. in Midrash at the Seminary, where he received the prestigious Gladstein Fellowship in Entre-preneurial Rabbinic Leadership. He also com-pleted extensive training in community orga-nizing with JOIN for Justice and in pastoral care, interning as a chaplain at Self Help with Holocaust survivors. When not serving his congregation, Rabbi Baldachin loves spending time with his beau-tiful family. He and his wife, Maitel, have three wonderful children and they are his pride and joy. I know that Shaarei Tikvah is in very good hands with Rabbi Baldachin, and I know his presence will only strengthen our community further. Congratulations to him on this day. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, due to other commitments, I missed the following roll call votes. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: Roll call No. 79, I would have voted yes. Roll call No. 80, I would have voted yes. 
f 
LAURYN RICHARDSON EARNS ACA-DEMIC ALL-STATE RECOGNITION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Lauryn Richardson of Richmond, TX, for earning volleyball all-state recognition by the Texas Girls Coaching Association. A sophomore at Foster High School, Lauryn received academic all-state recognition while leading her team, the Lady Falcons, to a play-off victory. She had 169 blocks and averaged 2.1 kills per set during the sets. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Lauryn Richardson for earning volleyball all- state academic recognition. We are proud of her and look forward to seeing her excel in the future. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE BURNS BROTHERS CLEANERS 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to recognize a local business in Virginia’s 10th Congressional District that will be closing their doors this year after over six decades of service. Burns Brothers Cleaners, the land-mark cleaners and laundromat located in downtown McLean, Virginia, has served the community for the past 67 years and is one of the oldest family-operated businesses in the area. Since founding the mom-and-pop shop in 1949, Don and Bob Burns have been exem-plary small business owners and operators. Before opening Burns Brothers Cleaners, Don Burns worked in several different dry cleaning establishments where he learned the trade and also gained a valuable customer service skillset. Since opening, Don’s cus-tomer-first attitude helped yield diverse and high-profile clients ranging from U.S. Cabinet Members to local shopkeepers. Yet despite some important clientele, the business never lost sight of its origins and the core values of a family-owned small business. In fact today, Amy Burns, one of Don’s daughters, manages and operates the cleaners as her father once did. In today’s society, family owned small busi-nesses are an essential player to the future of our nation. It is families like the Burns family that help foster strong local economies by es-tablishing successful business practices that can be carried out for multiple generations. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding the Burns Brothers Cleaners for its dedication to serving our community for so many years. I wish Don, Amy, and the rest of the Burns family the best in their future en-deavors. 
f 
HONORING TIM SCHWERING 
HON. CATHY McMORRIS RODGERS 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Spokane Police Officer Tim Schwering. On Friday, January 20, 2017, Officer Schwering was first on the scene to a vehicle fire, with reports of the driver inside. The driv-er, Kim Novak, was returning home when she encountered a frozen section of roadway, causing her car to malfunction and eventually catch fire. According to Officer Schwering, when he arrived on scene, the car was en-gulfed in flames and he noticed a woman trapped in the backseat. Upon learning that she was unable to escape the car, Officer Schwering used his baton to begin breaking a hole in one of the passenger windows. He was successful in creating a hole large enough for Ms. Novak to escape, saving her life. The next day, Officer Schwering met Ms. Novak, who expressed her thanks for his val-iant efforts. According to Ms. Novak, ‘‘You just don’t hear about that kind of compassion and follow through. And the officers get a lot of bad rap, but here’s a guy who’s a genuine hero.’’ Today and every day, we owe a debt of gratitude to our nation’s law enforcement offi-cers, who put themselves in harm’s way to serve and protect. I’m grateful for the sheriffs and officers in Eastern Washington, such as Officer Schwering, who put on the uniform and do right by their communities each and every day. I want to recognize Officer Schwering for his bravery and quick thinking in a dangerous situation. f 
HONORING PAUL WARHIT 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, the strength of our Westchester community lies with those who are engaged and working to better it day by day. One of those engaged individuals is a constituent of mine, Paul Warhit, who has given his time and talent to a whole host of active civic groups in the region. Born in Yonkers, Paul is a loyal son of Westchester. He had his bar-mitzvah at Mid- Chester Jewish Center and later graduated from Eastchester High School. He went on to attend Boston University and after completing college returned to New York to oversee the family business. Paul’s active involvement in Jewish com-munal life began in 1996, when llissa joined Temple Israel of New Rochelle. Less than a decade later, he became the synagogue’s president. He has also served as president of the Board of American Jewish History Society, the New Rochelle Public Library Foundation, in addition to treasurer of the Jewish Deaf (and Hard-of-Hearing) Resource Center. Thanks to his prolific involvement across a range of organizations, Paul’s work caught the eye of the Westchester Jewish Council (WJC) who asked him to join their board. As is often the case with Paul, once he’s on the board it’s only a matter of time before he becomes the board’s president, and Paul was elected to that post for WJC in 2013. When not serving his community, Paul en-joys spending his down time reading and trav-eling the country to visit different Major League Baseball parks. He also serves as an umpire for Westchester High School baseball leagues. This year, WJC is honoring Paul Warhit at the organization’s 41st Anniversary Gala for all he has done to better our community. I want to congratulate Paul on this wonderful honor, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.017 E07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE160 February 7, 2017 
and thank him for all the years of amazing service to Westchester. 
f 
CELEBRATING GRACE BROWN ON RECEIVING A SILVER CONGRES-SIONAL AWARD MEDAL 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Grace Brown of Granger, Indiana, on receiving a Silver Congressional Award Medal for her dedicated service to our community and her outstanding personal growth. Grace stands out not only because of her hardworking Hoosier spirit, but also because of her dedication to setting and achieving goals of personal growth and public service. Grace is driven, talented, and compassionate, and at her young age she has already left a positive mark on her community. I look for-ward to learning of the amazing accomplish-ments that I am certain lie ahead for Grace. The Congressional Award recognizes the best of America by honoring individuals who have achieved goals that build character, fos-ter community service, and strengthen per-sonal development and citizenship. Grace exemplifies these qualities and much more. She has shown great commitment to bettering the lives of others through her dedi-cated public service. She has built on her tal-ents and developed new skills by teaching and taking part in dance classes. She has shown a genuine interest in learning about different cultures and exploring new environments, or-ganizing and leading a five-day Expedition to Hocking Hills, Ohio. And she has given back to her community, spending more than 200 hours collecting and distributing food for local families in need. Through all of this, Grace has shown an ex-ceptional understanding of the importance of civic engagement. She has taken on huge re-sponsibilities and demonstrated the power of a dedicated and inspired young mind. Mr. Speaker, I am inspired by Grace’s ex-ample and grateful for young Hoosiers like her. I ask my colleagues to join me in extend-ing Grace our congratulations and best wish-es. 
f 
CLEAR LAKE REGIONAL MEDICAL CENTER DESIGNATED LEVEL II TRAUMA CARE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Clear Lake Regional Medical Center of Houston, TX, for being designated by the State of Texas for Level II Trauma Care. Clear Lake has a trauma program with round-the-clock staff and in-house trauma sur-geons and specialists to treat patients no mat-ter the time or injury. To be considered a Level II Trauma Center, the medical center must have comprehensive trauma care with 24/7 availability with all essential specialties, personnel and equipment. Clear Lake had to undergo extensive site reviews and evalua-tions to meet this designation. This will signifi-cantly increase the number of lives that can be saved. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Clear Lake Regional Medical Center for being designated as Level II Trauma Care. We all benefit from their commitment to quality healthcare and we thank them for their hard work to keep Houstonians healthy. f 
IN HONOR OF I CARE I CURE FOUNDATION 
HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, it’s my privilege to recognize the tremendous and meaningful work of the I Care I Cure Childhood Cancer Foundation. The I Care I Cure Foundation was founded by my constitu-ents and friends Beth and Brad Besner in honor of their son, Ian, who was diagnosed with T-Cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia in 2006, one week before his eleventh birthday. Just four months after his diagnosis, Ian trag-ically passed away. It is so sad to see someone suffer from can-cer but it hurts the most when it is a child. The harsh reality of children’s cancer treatment is that it lasts longer than treatment for adults. Fighting cancer is devastating for children due to painful treatment, absence from school, and isolation from friends and family. Childhood cancer research is significantly underfunded and we must rely on organiza-tions such as this one to help put research dollars to work. Over the past 10 years, the I Care I Cure Foundation has helped fund re-search and projects at the Miami Children’s Hospital, the Cincinnati Children’s Hospital, and the National Cancer Institute just to name a few. The good news is that researchers are mak-ing advances daily in the field of cancer treat-ment. And the better news is that there are or-ganizations such as the I Care I Cure Founda-tion to help lead the way to gentler yet more cutting edge therapies. The Besners’ work has helped ease the suf-fering that far too many children and families must endure. I thank Beth, Brad and their I Care I Cure family for the support they give to so many so that more children may celebrate their twelfth birthday, their twentieth birthday, and each and every day healthy and cancer free. 
f 
HONORING MRS. BARBARA WHELTON 
HON. PETER WELCH 
OF VERMONT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mrs. Barbara Whelton of Rutland, Vermont. Barbara is retiring from a distin-guished career after nearly a half century of devoted public service. Mrs. Whelton has worked in various capac-ities for government agencies across the country. From 1970 to 1975, she worked for both the United States Attorney’s Office for the District of Rhode Island and the United States Marshals Service, assisting with the Service’s nascent Witness Protection Program. Fol-lowing a stint in the Audit Agency for the United States Air Force in Great Falls, Mon-tana, Mrs. Whelton went to work for the United States Secret Service as a Contact Rep-resentative from 1975 to 1980. In 1980, Mrs. Whelton and her husband, Master Chief (U.S. Navy, Ret.) Paul Whelton, relocated to Rutland, Vermont where he was posted as a Deputy U.S. Marshal. Upon their arrival, Mrs. Whelton served as a legal assist-ant in the United States Attorney’s Office for the District of Vermont. Except for a brief turn in the private sector, Mrs. Whelton served in our U.S. Attorney’s office for twenty-four years before she was asked to become the judicial assistant to Vermont’s sole judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, the Honorable Peter W. Hall. Mrs. Whelton has been Judge Hall’s judicial assistant for the past thirteen years. She has worked tirelessly to ensure that chambers ran smoothly and that Judge Hall and his clerks were fully supported in handling their robust caseload. I can say with confidence that with-out Mts. Whelton’s determined efforts, the ad-ministration of justice would not have been as efficient or exacting. I know Barbara’s colleagues will miss her sharp wit, her quiet determination, her devo-tion to duty, her professionalism, and most of all, het friendly demeanor. So, Mr. Speaker, I ask the House of Rep-resentatives to join me today in recognizing Mrs. Whelton’s many contributions to our country and the states and communities she served during her exceptional career. I wish her many years of health and happiness in her well-earned retirement. f 
HONORING JEFF KOHN 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an active member of the Westchester community, Mr. Jeff Kohn, who is being hon-ored this year by the Westchester Jewish Council (WJC) at the organization’s 41st An-nual Anniversary Gala. Jeff has been an active member in the Westchester Jewish community for a long time. He and Martha are members of Temple Shaaray Tefila Bedford Corners, where he currently serves as President. Prior to that, he was a board member at the Temple for more than a decade, and Martha has also served actively as co-chairperson of the Caring Com-munity committee. Outside of the Temple, Jeff is also quite active. He currently serves as an officer of the Westchester Jewish Council and serves on a whole host of other non-profit boards focused on education. He serves on the advisory board at NYU Law School; Cor-nell University’s School of Industrial & Labor Relations; and the George Washington Univer-sity Law School, from which he graduated in 1984. Jeff has since been honored by the school with their Distinguished Alumni Award. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.022 E07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE161 February 7, 2017 
A lawyer by trade, Jeff is Managing Partner of O’Melveny & Myers LLP’s New York office, where he practices labor and employment law. In 2011, he received his first Warren Chris-topher Values Award, in recognition of individ-uals who epitomize the values that guide the firm. Jeff currently Chairs the firm’s Values Award Committee and works on the firm’s scholarship program, which provides financial support to deserving students from five New York City public high schools. In both a personal and professional capac-ity, Jeff Kohn has always worked to improve his community. The WJC couldn’t have picked a more deserving honoree for their annual Gala, and I want to congratulate Jeff and thank him for all of his amazing work. 
f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S FIDUCIARY DUTY RULE 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, President Donald Trump on Friday re-leased a Presidential Memorandum on the Fi-duciary Duty Rule and I am grateful that Presi-dent Trump has directed the labor secretary to thoroughly study this harmful rule. Under the Obama Administration, the De-partment of Labor released a burdensome fi-duciary rule that increased the cost of financial planning reducing retirement advice for Amer-ican families. Families all over the country are struggling to save for their retirement and I applaud the President’s swift action to study the harmful effects of this rule I am confident a study will result in a delay or revision of this ridiculous regulation of 1023 pages to define a profes-sion. I will continue to advance legislation calling for a delay of two years to give Congress and the Administration time to reassess the regula-tion. While I will continue to advance legisla-tion, any delay would be a victory for hard-working American families struggling to save for retirement creating jobs. In conclusion, God Bless Our Troops and may we never forget September 11th in the Global War on Terrorism. 
f 
HONORING DONNA SALAMON 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a member of the SAR team who has utilized her time and talents to transform the academy through the arts, Ms. Donna Salamon. Donna is a uniquely talented artist who has spent countless hours over the last 12 years transforming the Academy’s open spaces into gallery walls and museum-worthy displays. She has a passion to elevate Jewish edu-cation. With her strong connection to Eretz Israel, she has created projects that incor-porate science, literature, history, and most importantly, Jewish values, through art. Her portfolio includes the design and production of a 720-square-foot mosaic mural, ‘‘Do What is Right and Good,’’ depicting the core elements of the SAR experience on the Academy field wall. The mural was a 10-month project fea-turing 75,000 tiles, 12 iconic images, signa-tures from every child (804) in the Academy, and the work of more than 1,000 volunteers. Donna makes SAR celebrations come alive—life-size educational games based on history curricula for Yom Yerushalayim, a year-long ‘‘Science is the Story,’’ science, his-tory and art program, including life-size dio-ramas and culminating in a Riverdale res-taurant gallery showing. She also makes props for the Celebrate Israel Parade, banners for ‘theme of the year,’ stunning alphabet/ middot paintings for the graduation ceremony produced by art elective students she leads, backdrops for such milestone events as the Siddur and Chumash plays, and sets for drama productions. When not working to improve SAR, Donna loves spending time with her family. She and her husband, David, live in Riverdale with their three beautiful children, Yedidya, Yonatan, and Yaakov. Congratulations to Donna on being this year’s SAR Michael Schreck Memorial Com-munity Service Award honoree. f 
IN HONOR OF LOUDOUN COUNTY HIGH SCHOOL VOLLEYBALL STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a school in my District who was re-cently crowned as state champion in volleyball. The Loudoun County High School Raiders Volleyball team, led by Athletic Direc-tor Bruce Sheppard, Head Coach Sherrilyn Hanna, and Assistant Coaches Juliane Hanna, Cayla Hamrick, and Amy Ging, was one of several teams who won state titles in a variety of sports from Virginia’s 10th Congressional District. I am proud of their hard work in achieving this goal. They practiced long hours as a team, and this extraordinary achievement shows how far dedication, hard work, and commitment to teamwork can take a group as they played against some of the best competi-tion in the nation. The state final brought perhaps the biggest challenge of the season, as the Raiders faced the Jamestown Eagles, a team they had played in the state final three times in the last four years; a team that was returning all start-ers but their libero from last year’s state run-ner-up squad. After dropping the first set and overcoming a major deficit in the third set, the Raiders turned the tide, dominating the fourth set and taking the match for a record setting 5th consecutive state title, and their ninth state title in the last ten years. The Loudoun County High School Raiders Volleyball team has made Virginia’s 10th Con-gressional District proud and they have rep-resented us well. Winning a state champion-ship attests to their impressive athletic ability, unselfish mentality, and determination to suc-ceed. I commend them for their tireless dedi-cation to both their school and their team-mates, without neither of which this could have been possible. It takes a delicate com-bination of superior skill and many hours of practice to win a state title. Loudoun County High School Volleyball has certainly earned this honor and the lessons learned over the years will valuably serve them as they con-tinue on in their lives. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring the Loudoun County High School Raiders for winning 9 state volleyball titles in the last 10 years and representing Vir-ginia’s 10th Congressional District with such distinction. I wish them all the best in their fu-ture endeavors. f 
COMMENDING THE MEDICAL STAFF OF THE GEORGE WASH-INGTON UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL 
HON. JOHN H. RUTHERFORD 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I wish to commend the medical staff of The George Washington University Hospital who cared for me during my stay in January. On the evening of January the Eleventh I suffered an allergic reaction and was taken to The George Washington University Hospital for treatment. During my stay, I was cared for by an incredible medical team. I offer my most sincere gratitude to Dr. Mayce Haj-Ali for her insight and swift action to treat the allergic re-action I suffered. I also wish to commend the incredible nurs-ing staff who cared for me: Andrea Gavurin, Megan Johnson, Alelcunda M’mari, Ophelia Hunter, Mary Synder, Christina Gale, Danielle Sier, Chaquonna Watson, Crystal Nyguyen, Perla Adames-Castillo , Mamta Jazier, and Jaquece Mudd. In particular, I want to ac-knowledge Andrea, Megan, and Alelcunda for their continued diligence in looking after me to make sure I made a quick and full recovery. I owe this entire group a debt of gratitude. It is because of their care that I was able to re-cover and return to work representing the peo-ple of Florida’s Fourth Congressional District. The Bureau of Labor Statistics states that more than 2.5 million nurses work in the United States. These women and men provide and coordinate patient care, educate individ-uals about their health conditions, and provide advice and emotional support to patients and their family. I am grateful, not only for the nurses who recently took care of my needs, but for all nurses across the U.S. who work diligently to ensure the health of their patients. I ask my colleagues to take a moment to re-member these individuals who work in the nursing profession and the care they provide to the American people. 
f 
HONORING THE MILITARY SERV-ICE OF WWII VETERAN ROBERT PITTS 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor WWII Veteran Robert 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.027 E07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE162 February 7, 2017 
‘‘Bob’’ Pitts who proudly served in the 150th Combat Engineer Battalion. Mr. Pitts joined the Army in 1943 and left his boyhood home in Jamaica Plain, Massachusetts for basic training at Fort Devens, Massachusetts. He was among a group of young men from New England who received special training in elec-trical engineering. Their small unit would dis-tinguish themselves during fierce military cam-paigns including being in the first assault crossings of the Rhine River. They became one of the few small units to receive a Presi-dential Unit Citation. Mr. Pitts, who rose to the rank of Tec 5, served as the battalion electrician, battalion photographer, and reconnaissance scout. It was during his time in Europe that Mr. Pitts began his duties as the battalion photog-rapher. He often developed photographs in a makeshift darkroom which also served as his sleeping quarters. In addition to taking photographs on and off the battlefield, Mr. Pitts would also go on dan-gerous reconnaissance missions. He was awarded the Bronze Star while serving on a mission with the battalion captain and two oth-ers. They came under small arms fire and then they encountered a German unit with tanks. His bravery that day earned him the Bronze Star. Mr. Pitts would also earn the Good Conduct Medal. Eventually, this tight-knit unit would be di-vided up, but that did not keep them from staying in touch. Two years after they returned home from war, these young soldiers formed the 150th Combat Engineer Battalion Associa-tion. They held reunions for more than 60 years before their last one in 2005. Mr. Pitts’ son, Rick, says his father’s engi-neering skills would serve him well when he returned to the civilian world. Mr. Pitts was eventually employed by MIT as an electronic engineer assistant. He worked on very early computers and later on ‘‘Star Wars’’ projects for the U.S. Department of Defense in Massa-chusetts, Hawaii and New Mexico. Mr. Pitts, who is now 94, is a member of our greatest generation. It is an honor to recog-nize this great American veteran and citizen who leaves behind a legacy that will be re-membered for generations to come. It is an honor to be among those who followed in his footsteps as a member of the 150th Combat Engineer Battalion. Mr. Pitts was married to Eleanor M. Hatha-way for 48 years. She died in 1998. They have three children; Robert (deceased), Nancy and Richard. He has one grandson, Robert. 
f 
HONORING DR. MARK SHINAR 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, as a former school teacher, I am intimately aware of the amazing impact educators can have on young minds. At SAR High School in my district, one such educator, Dr. Mark Shinar, has been changing the lives of his students in just such a profound way. Abraham Joshua Heschel said that ‘‘It is the personality of the teacher which is the text that pupils read; the text they will never forget.’’ As Director of General Studies at SAR High School, Dr. Mark Shinar embodies this quote. He has proven to be a mentor and champion to his students both in and out of the class-room. He is deeply invested in their academic and long term personal growth which con-tinues even after they leave SAR. His is the voice in their ear, the text they will not forget as they make key decisions in the future. Mark brings an infectious energy and enthusiasm to the classroom that energizes both students and faculty. He leads by example and listens to concerns of colleagues, peers and students always trying to improve the learning process. This is the true definition of a teacher. ‘‘The classroom is air to me and the students are part of my family. It’s a joy and remarkable privilege to teach at SAR.’’ When not changing lives in the classroom, Mark enjoys spending his time just being a husband and dad. He and his wife, Lauren, are parents to four wonderful children, Aiden, Joseph, Samuel, and Ilan. The Shinar family are members of YIOZ in Riverdale, and will be making aliya at the end of the current aca-demic year. This year, SAR. is honoring Mark at the or-ganization’s 48th Anniversary Dinner with the Audrey Schurgin Memorial Faculty Award. They could not have picked a more deserving honoree. Congratulations again to Mark on re-ceiving this well-deserved recognition, and thank you for all of your amazing work in the community. f 
RECOGNIZING THE EXPANSION OF CYPRESS BAPTIST CHURCH 
HON. MIKE JOHNSON 
OF LOUISIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor for me to rise and recognize the Cypress Baptist Church of Benton, Louisiana. For over thirty years, Cypress Baptist has blessed the lives of many in our region. Most recently, God has blessed Cypress Baptist Church with the means to expand their sanc-tuary to grow their ministry. Their mission, ‘‘to help people come to know Christ and to grow in Christ,’’ has been modeled by the church’s faithful congregation and their commitment to the Lord is unwaver-ing. Because of their continued stewardship, more and more people are answering the call of God by being baptized and carrying out crit-ical mission work. Over the past two years the communities of Benton and Bossier City and surrounding areas have come together to help Cypress Baptist in its mission. This church has touched the lives of so many, and is growing exponen-tially, and it is only fitting that God rewards them with the blessing of more space to carry out their service. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am priviledged to recognize Cy-press Baptist Church and congratulate this pil-lar of our community on its continued dedica-tion to the Kingdom. Their new sanctuary will be a true blessing to the people of our com-munity. My wife, Kelly and I pray that the Spirit of the Lord continue to bless the congregation of Cypress Baptist Church. DR. OGLESBY YOUNG CONCORD MONITOR OP-ED HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD an op-ed by Dr. Oglesby Young as published in the Con-cord Monitor. 
MY TURN : PAID FAMILY LEAVE IS THE  
INVESTMENT OF A LIFETIME  A pediatric colleague once said, ‘‘We can invest in early childhood or we can build more prisons 20 years later at a much great-er cost to society.’’ A bill, presently before the state Legisla-ture (HB 628), is a plan for an Employer Based Insurance Program to provide ‘‘paid family leave.’’ I believe this is an oppor-tunity to invest in early childhood in order to create a healthier, more productive and caring society. Barry Brazelton, now a 95-year-old Boston pediatrician and researcher, established a half-century ago how critical newborn bond-ing is for the baby and the parents. The de-velopment of ‘‘attachment’’ from the start of life, profoundly affects the relationship be-tween the child and his or her new parents. It follows that the first few years, even the first few months, of life lasts forever. We have a compelling biologic model of why kids who have experienced the toxic stress of neglect—the absence of love, as simple as cuddling—have trouble learning. A Harvard pediatrician, Jack Shonkoff, states simply, ‘‘We can modify behavior late, but we can’t rewire disrupted brain circuits.’’ Years ago, I remember seeing the MRI scans of the brains of children who were completely neglected in an Eastern Euro-pean orphanage. There were large areas of atrophy (no brain tissue), which had resulted from a lack of love and stimulation of these children early in their lives. As obstetricians, we see new moms rou-tinely for their postpartum visits six weeks after the delivery of their babies. Most are just learning how to be a parent. Their bod-ies are still healing, while they are torn be-tween the challenges of being a new mom and returning to the demands of an old job. I realized early in my career that we could devote ourselves to delivering healthy ba-bies, but it would mean nothing if we did not care for the mom and newborn when we sent them home from the hospital. Those of us who have children know that no matter how well-educated or how well-motivated, the ex-perience of having a first child at times can be overwhelming. Babies are not born with instructions. We all want to be good parents, but not all of us have had good modeling, and not all of us have the resources to be the parents we want to be. Many new moms are single today with no support. Grandparents work and they often live elsewhere. In my lifetime neighborhoods have changed. There is no longer a woman down the street who has had six kids and welcomes the opportunity to help a new mom as she was once helped. For these rea-sons, 20 years ago, we established the Healthy Beginnings Endowment at Concord Hospital, raising $1.3 million to award grants annually to Concord area programs that sup-port and educate new parents. Physicians have been the most generous donors to this endowment because they un-derstand the wisdom of investing in early childhood to prevent adult problems. The upshot is that children who are undermined 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.032 E07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE163 February 7, 2017 
early are much more likely in later years to suffer mental illness, heart disease, obesity, diabetes and other physical ailments. The bill before us, HB 628, would give time and financial support at very little cost, to permit new parents to establish an attach-ment to their baby that would pay dividends over the lifetime of their child. We are one of the few developed countries in the world that does not provide this benefit to new parents. In England, my daughter-in-law was given nine months of paid maternity leave when she had our granddaughter. In France, our former exchange student was awarded six months of paid leave, as was her husband, following the birth of each of their three children. In Germany, a close friend’s daugh-ter had one year of paid maternity leave and her husband three months after their first baby. It should not surprise us that the peo-ple of those countries are healthier and live longer than us (even though Europeans drink and smoke more than us). And, remarkably their health care costs amount to half of what we spend per person in this country. The implication is that the most cost-ef-fective window to bring about change in the health and welfare of a country isn’t high school or even kindergarten. It is the early childhood years, and it can be done at a rel-atively low cost, when compared to the later financial burden of adult health care. Presently, we have a ravaging substance abuse crisis into which we are pouring mil-lions of dollars to treat and rehabilitate those afflicted. It seems, almost every week, we read in the Concord Monitor about an-other young person whose life has been lost to overdose. Is there a better example today that an ‘‘ounce of prevention would save pounds of cure’’? If we are to have healthy, responsible, kind adults—young people who choose not to abuse themselves or others—we must first create kids with a deep sense of self worth, a strong respect for themselves and others. Adults who love well have been children who were well-loved. Adults who care deeply about others and our world were children who were deeply cared for. The crucial value of ‘‘paid family leave’’ is that it would it would provide parents to start their child on the path to a successful adulthood. I recently read the book Find Me Unafraid: Love, Loss and Hope in an African Slum. The author, Kennedy Odede, overcame a late childhood fraught with constant hunger, complete poverty and physical abuse. He writes, ‘‘As a young child, I knew how much my mother loved me. When I was on the streets, I thought of what my mom had told me, that no matter where I was in the world, if I could see the stars, I should know that she could see them, too, and I felt her love always.’’ Kennedy Odede is an adult now, who has returned to his impoverished Nairobi slum and created a school for girls and a commu-nity organization called Shining Hope for Communities. In spite of a cruel childhood, except for his first three years of life, he has become a successful, productive, happy adult who is devoted to improving his old neigh-borhood, his world. Paid family leave is fun-damental to a healthy society because it pro-vides the framework for a precious, priceless early childhood—the foundation on which re-sponsible, loving adults grow. For those of you who believe we cannot afford paid family leave, I would argue that we can’t afford not to provide paid family leave. The future of our society surely rests on this wise invest-ment. (Dr. Oglesby H. Young lives in Concord.) IN HONOR OF WESTFIELD HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL STATE CHAMPIONSHIP TEAM 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a school in my District who was re-cently crowned as state champion in football. The Westfield High School Bulldogs Football team, led by Athletic Director Terri Towle, Head Coach Kyle Simmons and Assistant Coaches Dan Keating, Jon Shields, Mike Giancola, Pete Bendorf, Jose Ardon, Alex Callas, Mike King, Chris Coyer, and Curtis Knight, was one of several teams who won state titles in a variety of sports from Virginia’s 10th Congressional District. I am proud of their hard work in achieving this goal. They prac-ticed long hours as a team, and this extraor-dinary achievement shows how far dedication, hard work, and commitment to teamwork can take a group as they played against some of the best competition in the nation. This year’s state championship was a re-match of the 2015 state championship, where Westfield defeated Oscar Smith High School in quadruple overtime. Oscar Smith jumped out to a 7–0 lead in the first quarter; but West-field took the lead in second with touchdowns by Nolan Cockrill and Sean Eckert. They ex-tended their lead to 21–7 in the third after Na-thaniel Chung punched in a third touchdown. However, Oscar Smith stormed back in the fourth quarter, scoring two touchdowns and executing a two point conversion with seven seconds left on the clock to send the game to overtime. Oscar Smith struck first with a touchdown pass on the first play. With the game on the line, Westfield answered with a touchdown pass of its own, tying the game at 28 and forcing a second overtime. Westfield had capitalized on having the first possession, with Rehman Johnson throwing his fourth touchdown of the night to Ivory Frimpong. Westfield’s defense then rose up, and stopped Oscar Smith’s high powered offense on the three yard line and in doing so, secured the Bulldogs’ second state championship in as many years. Westfield High School’s Football team has made Virginia’s 10th Congressional District proud and they have represented us well. Winning a state championship attests to their impressive athletic ability, unselfish mentality, and determination to succeed. I commend them for their tireless dedication to both their school and their teammates, without neither of which this could have been possible. It takes a delicate combination of superior skill and many hours of practice to win a state title. Westfield Football has certainly earned this honor and the lessons learned over the years will valuably serve them as they continue on in their lives. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in honoring the Westfield Bulldogs for win-ning the Virginia 6A Football State Champion-ship and representing Virginia’s 10th Congres-sional District with such distinction. I wish them all the best in their future endeavors. RECOGNIZING JACKSON COUNTY’S 221ST ANNIVERSARY HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 221st Anniversary of Jackson County, which was formed on Feb-ruary 11, 1796. To celebrate this important day in northeast Georgia’s history, the commit-tees of the Jackson County Courthouse are creating an exhibit that will cover their two centuries of history. The Historic Courthouse Restoration Com-mittee will be giving presentations to each school system in Jackson County, including the great schools of East Jackson, Commerce, Jefferson, and West Jackson. The presentations titled, ’’Finding a Sense of Place in Jackson County, Georgia’’, will in-vite approximately 1,100 eighth grade students into the dynamic history of their county. The Jackson County Historical Society has already published a transcription of the first Jackson County Superior Court docket book, which contains the complete histories of each case brought between 1796 and 1802. These cases in Jackson County will serve to show the rich history of the judicial system that has guided Jackson County since its inception. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize the deep history and notable leadership that comes from Jackson County on its 221st Anni-versary. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MIS-SISSIPPI ARMY NATIONAL GUARD SERGEANT (SGT) ROBERT A. M
CNAIL 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Sergeant Rob-ert A. McNail who died while defending our great nation on February 11, 2005, when his Humvee struck another military vehicle in Iskandariyah, Iraq. SGT McNail was the sixth Mississippi National Guard soldier to give his life in Iraq and the second to die that year. SGT McNail was a member of Detachment 1, Company B, 150th Engineer Battalion, out of Quitman, Mississippi. His unit was attached to the 155th Brigade Combat Team. In 2005, I was deployed as a Major to Iraq with the 155th Brigade as the Operations Officer of the 150th Engineer Battalion. It was an honor and a privilege to serve with SGT McNail. SGT McNail was studying to be a nurse and was a civilian employee at the Naval Air Sta-tion in Meridian before he was deployed. His mother, Linda McNail, said her son was en-gaged to be married at the time of his death. She says he enjoyed fishing and camping. SGT McNail’s father, Marvin McNail, said his son followed in the footsteps of 16 family members who served in the military. He was the only member of his family to die in military service. At his funeral, family and friends re-membered him for his faith in our Heavenly Father and his willingness to give his life to keep America safe. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.035 E07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE164 February 7, 2017 
SGT McNail, a Meridian resident, was awarded the Bronze Star and the Mississippi Medal of Valor by Major General Harold A. Cross, the state’s Adjutant General. SGT McNail is survived by his parents Rob-ert and Linda McNail and son Edward. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE POLISH LEGION MOTORCYCLE RIDING CLUB 
HON. BRIAN K. FITZPATRICK 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Polish Legion Motorcycle Riding Club. Since 2011 this organization has brought together members of our community of all ages who share a passion for riding mo-torcycles. I would like to give special recogni-tion to the group’s President, Szymon Moskal. Millions of citizens in the United States own and ride motorcycles, making ridership as much a part of our identity as baseball or apple pie. The Polish Legion Motorcycle Riding Club continues the proud tradition of motorcycle ridership and enthusiasm found in my district, and across our great nation. It is my privilege to assist them during their trip to our nation’s capital. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO MR. ECKERD FINDLEY 
HON. JAMES E. CLYBURN 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. CLYBURN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Mr. Eckerd Findley, an out-standing South Carolinian, who is retiring from Piedmont Airlines this month after 40 years of service. Mr. Findley was born on May 4, 1953 to the late Reverend Alex and Ms. Ethel Findley. He graduated from Columbia, South Carolina’s Booker T. Washington High School in 1972. After graduation, Mr. Findley went to work for Mount Vernon Mills, a textile company which was housed in the building that is now the South Carolina State Museum. It was at Mount Vernon Mills that he met his wife Ann. They were married in 1973 and in 1975 they were blessed with a son, Edward. Their daughter, Antonitte, was born in 1984. The Findleys currently have four grandchildren. Mr. Findley’s father, the Reverend Alex Fin-dley, worked for Delta Airlines from 1944 until his retirement in 1986. Eckerd decided to fol-low in his father’s footsteps and in 1976 he landed a position at Piedmont Airlines. He has been with the company ever since, helping it to grow into US Airways, which recently merged with American Airlines. Eckerd was taught and—in turn—has taught his family Matthew 22:39, ‘‘love thy neighbor as thyself,’’ and that lesson shows in the way he works and lives. He is a member of Pleas-ant Springs AME Church and is a pillar of the community. Mr. Speaker, I ask that you and the Mem-bers of this House join me in recognizing the outstanding service and example of citizenship that have been shown by this fine gentleman, Eckerd Findley. I wish him a long, productive and rewarding retirement. f 
HONORING THE LIFE AND WORK OF DAVID CULP 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor the life and work of David Culp who passed away over the weekend. This is a monumental loss to supporters of peace everywhere. David’s tireless efforts in promoting sane nuclear policies and fighting for a safer world spanned decades. David was a ‘‘go-to’’ advocate in the arms control community. Many, including myself, re-lied on his advice, knack for technical details on policy proposals, political insights, and col-laborative focus. He played an instrumental role in the campaign to secure Senate ratifica-tion of the New START treaty and in the de-feat of legislative proposals to proliferate new nuclear weapons. Not only was David a wise, steadfast, effec-tive voice for disarmament, but he was kind and genuine—a true pleasure to be around. His good nature came through in his personal life, where he spent time working to preserve the environment and enjoying the outdoors. His involvement in the cleanup of the Ana-costia River is but one example. My deepest condolences go out to those near and dear to him. He will be missed, and I hope his family, friends and colleagues take some measure of solace in the knowledge that he has made a tremendous difference. 
f 
JOHN BRESLER UNION LEADER OP-ED 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD an op-ed by John Bresler as published in the New Hamp-shire Union Leader. 
ANOTHER VIEW —JON BRESLER : REACHING OUT  
CAN SAVE A LIFE  [Editor’s Note: Throughout the year, in part-nership with Change Direction NH, the Union Leader is publishing a monthly series of mental health stories written by Granite Staters.] The phone was ringing off the hook. It stopped before I could get it, then started again. It was 4:15 a.m., and I stumbled in the dark to pick it up. It was the local police dis-patcher saying ‘‘an officer was outside.’’ She would not tell me why. With my heart beat-ing fast, I grabbed a coat and went out in the icy driveway. The young officers had to tell us that our 20-year-old Nat had laid down in front of an Amtrak and been killed. Shock set in that reverberates still. It hit to the core of being. I could not breathe right and started panting. Nathaniel was a super kid, the last you’d suspect was in trouble. He got good grades, had many friends. He was handsome and competitive. He loved music, and had 11,000 songs on his Mac. A senior walk-on, he won a game ball in the state semis, and the state lacrosse title in 2009. He worked in the ad-missions department at George Mason Uni-versity and had recently attended the ‘‘Aca-demic Impact’’ conference at the U.N., meet-ing the Secretary General in New York. At GMIJ, he was co-founder of Habitat for Hu-manity. He transferred to the University of New Hampshire as a second-semester sopho-more, with more than enough credits to be a junior. What happened? His life was racing through my mind, but nothing made sense. I had to tell my wife, call his brother, my siblings and his grandmothers. Numbly then my wife and I drove to Durham. We met the chief, who gave us Nat’s driver’s license and keys. That was it. No body. No goodbyes, no nothing. Emptiness. How could this be hap-pening? They kept his phone. It took a few days to identify him. He was definitely listening to music at the end. He left notes for us and some friends. He paid a friend back a loan of $10 from the night before. He indicated what was deeply troubling him. He lost faith in the world, and his ability to function in it. He was clinically depressed, but undiagnosed. He expressed what most sui-cides have in common, a feeling of hopeless-ness. We believe if he could have confided in a friend, girlfriend, a counselor or therapist, and unburdened himself, he might have con-trolled the impulse in the moment. Maybe that he could have kept going. Was there no warning—nothing in his life—that anyone noticed? You may well wonder. I hoped someone would come forward, but no one ever did. It was a mystery to us all. Death is traumatic. The death of a child is very traumatic. The unexpected suicide of one’s child, off the charts. It felt like he had been murdered violently, but he was also the perpetrator. Survivors of child suicide have marked in-creases in drug and alcohol abuse, depression and divorce, and significantly, increased risks of suicide. We have learned the value of professional help. At first you want to die, rather than accept the reality. Hearing that our son had committed suicide was the hard-est thing I ever experienced and living every day since has been a struggle. Whether is it opioid addiction, PTSD, undiagnosed depression, all can lead to overdoses, suicide, and unnecessary death. Increasing access to care, and removing stig-ma from the culture surrounding mental ill-ness should be the goal. A common theme in suicide is ‘‘to not want to become a burden.’’ Let’s learn to reach out, and not walk away when we know. Talk about it, offer hope. It can save a life. Commit to the goals of Change Direction NH. Learn the signs, learn to reach out, and know better how to help when someone is in trouble. Let them know that you know what it’s like to be suffering from depression. I cannot underscore for survivors like us, the importance of a good counselor. A profes-sional who treats numerous people can offer new methods and ways of thinking about problems. The analogy to me is mountain climbing. That mountain will be there every day, and I have to climb it. Therapy offers better tools. In my experience, we place too much em-phasis on our student’s scores and grades, but nowhere near enough on them as people, with human needs. We can help them relate to their problems better by creating a space where it is encouraged for them to talk open-ly about things that bother them. Let us do a better job recognizing how hard it is to be young today. Thank you for reading and letting me tell our story. I hope someone reads this, and gets help. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.038 E07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE165 February 7, 2017 
Let’s change direction on mental health. That would be a great thing! —Jon Bresler is a small business owner who lives in Concord. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF MIS-SISSIPPI NATIONAL GUARDSMAN SERGEANT FIRST CLASS (SFC) BILLY A. SUTTON 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Sergeant First Class (SFC) Billy A. Sutton who died as a re-sult of non-combat causes on February 7, 2012, while supporting Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan. SFC Sutton was assigned to the Mississippi Army National Guard’s 223rd Engineer Bat-talion, 168th Engineer Brigade, headquartered in West Point, Mississippi. In November, 2011, SFC Sutton was deployed for his third tour in the Middle East to Afghanistan with the Army National Guard’s 288th Sapper Company out of Houston. He served as the Platoon Ser-geant for Route Clearance Patrol (RCP) 2, 2nd Platoon. He nicknamed his platoon the Honey Badgers. ‘‘SFC Sutton was gifted,’’ Captain Brenton Montgomery, Commander of the 288th Sapper Company said in a quote released by the De-partment of the Army. ‘‘Anyone who can take their hands and make a difference is truly gift-ed. He had that gift and he used it to make a difference in all our lives.’’ The 42-year-old Mooreville, Mississippi na-tive was described as an outstanding soldier and Platoon Sergeant. It is an honor to recog-nize the life of a soldier who devoted his life to keeping America safe. f 
H.J. RES. 57 AND H.J. RES. 58 
HON. LUCILLE ROYBAL-ALLARD 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 7, 2017 Ms. ROYBAL-ALLARD. Mr. Speaker, today, I voted against H.J. Res. 57 and H.J. Res. 58, two pieces of legislation which threaten stu-dents’ right to a high-quality education. In 2015, I was proud to vote for the bipar-tisan Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA), which reauthorized federal regulations for K– 12 education. It is shocking that scarcely one year after ESSA was signed into law, Con-gress is trying to pass these resolutions which will devastate public education, particularly for minority and vulnerable children. H.J. Res. 57 prevents the federal govern-ment from uncovering discrimination and civil rights abuses in our schools. Under this reso-lution, the U.S. Department of Education can-not require states to provide data about vul-nerable student groups. This prevents the de-partment from holding schools accountable for academic performance and disciplinary prac-tices. H.J. Res. 58 makes it more difficult for pro-spective teachers to find programs that will prepare them for success in the classroom. It also removes incentives to make our teaching workforce more diverse. This is especially troubling at a time when California is suffering from a teacher shortage. Sadly, these resolutions arrive on the same day that the United States Senate voted to confirm Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Edu-cation. Unfortunately, Senate Republicans ig-nored grave concerns from parents, teachers, and students nationwide about her lack of fa-miliarity with basic public education issues, federal laws, and her refusal to protect public education and civil rights. As the Congresswoman for California’s 40th District, I will fight against any policy that jeop-ardizes the ability of students to receive an ex-cellent education. That is why I oppose H.J. Res. 57 and H.J. Res. 58. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:15 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A07FE8.042 E07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D126 Tuesday, February 7, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Senate continued in the session that began on Monday, February 6, 2017. See next volume of the Congressional Record. 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
RECENT YEMEN OPERATION Committee on Armed Services: Committee received a closed briefing on the recent Yemen operation from Theresa Whelan, performing the duties of Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, and J–3 Lieutenant General John L. Dolan, USAF, Joint Staff Director for Operations, both of the Department of Defense. CYBER THREATS Committee on Armed Services: Committee received a closed briefing on cyber threats from Admiral Mi-chael S. Rogers, USN, Commander, Cyber Com-mand, Director, National Security Agency, Chief, Central Security Services, Department of Defense. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported an original resolution (S. Res. 53) au-thorizing expenditures by the Committee for the 115th Congress. THE PLAN TO DEFEAT ISIS Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the plan to defeat ISIS, focus-ing on key decisions and considerations, after receiv-ing testimony from James F. Jeffrey, Washington In-stitute for Near East Policy, and Jeremy Bash, Bea-con Global Strategies, both of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported the nomination of David J. Shulkin, of Pennsylvania, to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 87 pub-lic bills, H.R. 898–984; and 21 resolutions, H.J. Res. 65–69; H. Con. Res. 22; and H. Res. 95–98m 100–110 were introduced.
                            Pages H1079–84 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H1087 
Report Filed: A report was filed today as follows: H. Res. 99, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 428) to survey the gradient boundary along the Red River in the States of Oklahoma and Texas, and for other purposes, and providing for consider-ation of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 42) dis-approving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to drug testing of unemployment compensation applicants (H. Rept. 115–10).                                                                                             Page H1079 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Palazzo to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H1015 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:41 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                      Pages H1019–20 
Committee Resignations: Read a letter from Rep-resentative Judy Chu (CA) wherein she resigned from the Committees on Ways and Means and Small Business.
                                                                         Page H1031 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:58 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07FE7.REC D07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D127 February 7, 2017 
Committee Elections: The House agreed to H. Res. 95, electing Members to certain standing commit-tees of the House of Representatives.
              Page H1031 
Disapproving the rule submitted by the Depart-ment of the Interior relating to Bureau of Land Management regulations that establish the pro-cedures used to prepare, revise, or amend land use plans pursuant to the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976: The House passed H.J. Res. 44, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior relating to Bureau of Land Management regulations that establish the pro-cedures used to prepare, revise, or amend land use plans pursuant to the Federal Land Policy and Man-agement Act of 1976, by a yea-and-nay vote of 234 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 83. 
                                                                Pages H1032–41, H1055–56 
H. Res. 91, the rule providing for consideration of the joint resolutions (H.J. Res. 44), (H.J. Res. 57) and (H.J. Res. 58) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 233 ayes to 186 noes, Roll No. 82, after the pre-vious question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 234 yeas to 187 nays, Roll No. 81.
        Pages H1023–31 
Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to accountability and State plans under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965: The House passed H.J. Res. 57, providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to accountability and State plans under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, by a yea-and-nay vote of 234 yeas to 190 nays, Roll No. 84.
     Pages H1046–55, H1056 
H. Res. 91, the rule providing for consideration of the joint resolutions (H.J. Res. 44), (H.J. Res. 57) and (H.J. Res. 58) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 233 ayes to 186 noes, Roll No. 82, after the pre-vious question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 234 yeas to 187 nays, Roll No. 81.
        Pages H1023–31 
Providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to teacher preparation issues: The House passed H.J. Res. 58, providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Department of Education relating to teacher preparation issues, by a yea-and-nay vote of 240 yeas to 181 nays, Roll No. 85.
                                                Pages H1041–46, H1056–57 
H. Res. 91, the rule providing for consideration of the joint resolutions (H.J. Res. 44), (H.J. Res. 57) and (H.J. Res. 58) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 233 ayes to 186 noes, Roll No. 82, after the pre-vious question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 234 yeas to 187 nays, Roll No. 81.        Pages H1023–31 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2:30 p.m. on Thursday, February 9th and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, February 13th for Morning Hour debate.
                                            Page H1057 
Committee Ranking: The House agreed to H. Res. 98, ranking a certain Member of a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives. 
                                                                                            Page H1057 
Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission—Re-appointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she reappointed the following Member to serve as Co-Chair of the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission: Represent-ative McGovern.
                                                         Page H1057 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H1022. Quorum Calls—Votes: Four yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1030, H1031, H1055–56, H1056, and H1056–57. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 8:24 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
THE STATE OF THE MILITARY Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The State of the Military’’. Testi-mony was heard from General Daniel B. Allyn, USA, Vice Chief of Staff of the Army; General Ste-phen W. Wilson, USAF, Vice Chief of Staff of the Air Force; Admiral William F. Moran, USN, Vice Chief of Naval Operations; and General Glenn M. Walters, USMC, Assistant Commandant of the Ma-rine Corps. CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES IN HIGHER EDUCATION Committee on Education and the Workforce: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Challenges and Op-portunities in Higher Education’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy And Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a markup on H.R. 829, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to clarify the treat-ment of lottery winnings and other lump sum in-come for purposes of income eligibility under the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:58 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07FE7.REC D07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD128 February 7, 2017 
Medicaid program, and for other purposes; and H.R. 181, to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to count portions of income from annuities of a com-munity spouse as income available to institutional-ized spouses for purposes of eligibility for medical assistance, and for other purposes. H.R. 829 was for-warded to the full committee, as amended. H.R. 181 was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Financial Services: Full Committee held a business meeting to consider the committee’s au-thorization and oversight plan for the 115th Con-gress. The committee adopted its authorization and oversight plan for the 115th Congress. COUNTERING THE NORTH KOREAN THREAT: NEW STEPS IN U.S. POLICY Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Countering the North Korean Threat: New Steps in U.S. Policy’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ENDING THE CRISIS: AMERICA’S BORDERS AND THE PATH TO SECURITY Committee on Homeland Security: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ending the Crisis: America’s Bor-ders and the Path to Security’’. Testimony was heard from John F. Kelly, Secretary, Department of Home-land Security; Steve C. McCraw, Director, Texas De-partment of Homeland Security; Joe Frank Martinez, Sheriff, Val Verde County, Texas; Leon N. Wilmot, Sheriff, Yuma County, Arizona; and Eddie Trevino, Jr., County Judge, Cameron County, Texas. PRIORITIES OF THE HOUSE OFFICERS AND LEGISLATIVE BRANCH ENTITIES FOR FY 2018 AND BEYOND Committee on House Administration: Full Committee concluded a hearing entitled ‘‘Priorities of the House Officers and Legislative Branch Entities for FY 2018 and Beyond’’. Testimony was heard from Karen Haas, Clerk, House of Representatives; Paul Irving, Sergeant-at-Arms, House of Representatives; and Philip Kiko, Chief Administrative Officer, House of Representatives. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on House Administration: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 634, the ‘‘Election Assist-ance Commission Termination Act’’; H.R. 133, to reduce Federal spending and the deficit by termi-nating taxpayer financing of Presidential election campaigns; and a committee resolution regarding views and estimates for FY2018. H.R. 634 and H.R. 133 were ordered reported, without amendment. The committee resolution regarding views and estimates for FY2018 was agreed to. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 732, the ‘‘Stop Settlement Slush Funds Act of 2017’’. H.R. 732 was ordered reported, as amended. ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held an organizational meeting for the 115th Congress. The committee adopted its rules and authorization and oversight plan for the 115th Congress and ap-pointed committee staff. ACCOMPLISHING POSTAL REFORM IN THE 115TH CONGRESS—H.R. 756, THE POSTAL SERVICE REFORM ACT OF 2017 Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Accomplishing Postal Reform in the 115th Congress—H.R. 756, the Postal Service Reform Act of 2017’’. Testimony was heard from Megan J. Brennan, Postmaster Gen-eral, U.S. Postal Service; Robert G. Taub, Chairman, Postal Regulatory Commission; Lori Rectanus, Di-rector, Physical Infrastructure Issues, Government Accountability Office; and public witnesses. RED RIVER GRADIENT BOUNDARY SURVEY ACT; HOUSE JOINT RESOLUTION DISAPPROVING THE RULE SUBMITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF LABOR RELATING TO DRUG TESTING OF UNEMPLOYMENT COMPENSATION APPLICANTS Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 428, the ‘‘Red River Gradient Boundary Sur-vey Act’’; H.J. Res. 42, disapproving the rule sub-mitted by the Department of Labor relating to drug testing of unemployment compensation applicants. The committee granted, by voice vote, a closed rule for H.R. 428. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Nat-ural Resources. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. Ad-ditionally, the rule grants a closed rule for H.J. Res. 42. The rule provides one hour of debate equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the joint resolution. The rule pro-vides that the joint resolution shall be considered as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:58 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07FE7.REC D07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D129 February 7, 2017 
read. The rule waives all points of order against pro-visions in the joint resolution. The rule provides one motion to recommit. Testimony was heard from Chairman Thornberry, and Representatives Smith of Nebraska, Danny K. Davis of Illinois, McClintock, and Hanabusa. ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held an organizational meeting for the 115th Congress. The committee adopted its rules and au-thorization and oversight plan for the 115th Con-gress. MAKING EPA GREAT AGAIN Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Making EPA Great Again’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. REIMAGINING THE HEALTH CARE MARKETPLACE FOR AMERICA’S SMALL BUSINESSES Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Reimagining the Health Care Mar-ketplace for America’s Small Businesses’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ASSESSING THE VA IT LANDSCAPE: PROGRESS AND CHALLENGES Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the VA IT Landscape: Progress and Challenges’’. Testimony was heard from David A. Powner, Director, IT Management Issues, Government Accountability Office; and Rob C. Thomas, II, Acting Assistant Secretary for Informa-tion and Technology and Chief Information Officer, Office of Information and Technology, Department of Veterans Affairs. ORGANIZATIONAL MEETING Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on So-cial Security held an organizational meeting for the 115th Congress. The subcommittee successfully or-ganized. EXAMINING THE SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION’S REPRESENTATIVE PAYEE PROGRAM: DETERMINING WHO NEEDS HELP Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on So-cial Security; and Subcommittee on Oversight, held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Social Secu-rity Administration’s Representative Payee Program: Determining Who Needs Help’’. Testimony was heard from Marianna LaCanfora, Acting Deputy Commissioner, Office of Retirement and Disability Policy, Social Security Administration; Gale Stallworth Stone, Acting Inspector General, Social Security Administration; and public witnesses. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support, to hold hearings to examine the current readiness of United States forces, 2:30 p.m., SR–232A. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine Inspector General recommenda-tions for improving Federal agencies, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Environment and Public Works: to hold an oversight hearing to examine modernizing our nation’s infrastructure, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Indian Affairs: business meeting to con-sider S. 39, to extend the Federal recognition to the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians of Montana, S. 63, to clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Relations Act, S. 91, to amend the Indian Employment, Training and Related Services Demonstration Act of 1992 to facilitate the abil-ity of Indian tribes to integrate the employment, train-ing, and related services from diverse Federal sources, S. 140, to amend the White Mountain Apache Tribe Water Rights Quantification Act of 2010 to clarify the use of amounts in the WMAT Settlement Fund, S. 245, to amend the Indian Tribal Energy Development and Self Determination Act of 2005, S. 249, to provide that the pueblo of Santa Clara may lease for 99 years certain re-stricted land, S. 254, to amend the Native American Pro-grams Act of 1974 to provide flexibility and reauthoriza-tion to ensure the survival and continuing vitality of Na-tive American languages, S. 269, to provide for the con-veyance of certain property to the Tanana Tribal Council located in Tanana, Alaska, and to the Bristol Bay Area Health Corporation located in Dillingham, Alaska, and S. 302, to enhance tribal road safety; to be immediately fol-lowed by an oversight hearing to examine emergency management in Indian Country, focusing on improving the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s Federal- tribal relationship with Indian tribes, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:58 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D07FE7.REC D07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD130 February 7, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE Wednesday, February 8 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Wednesday: Senate program is uncertain. See next volume of the Congressional Record. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 2:30 p.m., Thursday, February 9 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 2:30 p.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E164 Clyburn, James E., S.C., E164 Collins, Doug, Ga., E154, E163 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E159, E161, E163 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E154 Diaz-Balart, Mario, Fla., E157 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E159 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E156, E159, E159, E160, E161, E162 Fitzpatrick, Brian K., Pa., E164 Garamendi, John, Calif., E155 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E158 Graves, Sam, Mo., E154, E154, E155, E156, E157 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E155 Harper, Gregg, Miss., E156 JOHNSON, MIKE, La., E162 Johnson, Bill, Ohio, E153 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E161, E163, E165 Kilmer, Derek, Wash., E158 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E157 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E162, E164 McClintock, Tom, Calif., E158 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E154 McMorris Rodgers, Cathy, Wash., E156, E159 Norcross, Donald, N.J., E155 Olson, Pete, Tex., E156, E157, E159, E160 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E153 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E165 Rush, Bobby L., Ill., E157 Rutherford, John H., Fla., E161 Sa´nchez, Linda T., Calif., E155 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E160 Wasserman Schultz, Debbie, Fla., E160 Welch, Peter, Vt., E160 Williams, Roger, Tex., E157 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E158, E161 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:58 Feb 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D07FE7.REC D07FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST